"Jonas lives in a ""perfect"" world where war, disease, and suffering have all been eradicated.  Everything is in order; everything is under control.  The people have no worries or cares.  The Community strives for ""sameness,"" in which everyone and everything are the same and equal.  To help the Community function as a cohesive unit, each member is assigned a position in society.  When Jonas turns twelve, the Community selects him to be the new ""Receiver of Memories."" Only the ""Giver"" knows the truth and memories of the past, and now he must pass these memories on to Jonas.The Giver is a wonderful book.  Lois Lowry skillfully crafted an intriguing and profoundly thoughtful story.  She subtly creates an uneasy feeling that something is wrong with this ""perfect world.""  The Community's advisors intend to establish security within utopian society, but they really establish a stifling dystopia.  To protect people from the risks of making poor or wrong decisions in life, the advisors plan and dictate the lives of the people.  In effect, the citizens have no freedom of choice; they do not choose their job or even their spouse.  Moreover, the advisors inhibit the people's ability to feel because they want to spare them from the hardships and pain of life.  For instance, individuals must take a pill everyday, which suppresses passionate feelings.  The citizens do not know or experience true emotions like love.  One of the goals of the Community is to achieve ""sameness"" so that no one feels embarrassed or gets excluded for being different.  However, this limits individuality and freedom of expression because everyone conforms to a certain desired image.  Finally, to relieve the population of the horrors and devastation of the world and the past, the advisors isolate the Community from the rest of the world (also known as ""Elsewhere) and give the burden of holding the memories of the past to a single member of society: the ""Receiver.""  Therefore, the Community lives only in the present, and the people have a narrow perspective of life because they only know their community and way of life.  They are naive; they do not gain knowledge or wisdom from the memories.  While receiving the memories, Jonas learns a different and better way to live and realizes what he and the Community have been missing.  He decides that something must be done to change the current conditions and enlighten his community.Although it is a Newbery Award Winner, The Giver is a controversial book that has been challenged and even banned.  After parents complained that the violent and sexual passages were inappropriate for children, the Bonita Unified School District in California temporarily banned the novel from classes.  The Giver has been challenged in other school districts around the country for its ""mature themes"" of euthanasia, infanticide, and suicide.  I do not agree with banning and challenging of this novel.  It is a great book, and part of what makes it so great is the incorporation of these controversial issues.  They force readers to wrestle with their own thoughts and figure out their stance on the issues.  Good literature makes readers think.  Banning this book takes away the freedom of speech, the freedom to read, and the freedom to learn and explore.  The banning of The Giver is ironically similar to the actions of the Community that lead the Community to its suppressive and stifling state.  A powerful story, The Giver keeps readers in suspense, touches them, and stays with them for a long time.  I love this book, and I encourage everyone to read it."
"Jonas, an Eleven when THE GIVER opens, lives in a Community where everything is meticulously ordered: houses look alike, people dress alike, each family unit includes a father and a mother (who can apply for one male and one female child). Children begin their volunteer hours when they are Eights, and the Committee of Elders assigns them their roles in the Community at the Ceremony of Twelves. Because the people have chosen Sameness, nothing in their  Community is unexpected, inconvenient, or unusual. They have no hills, no color, no cold, no sunshine. Their feelings are only superficial; their memories encompass only one generation. Pain is relieved instantly by taking a pill. They have abdicated choices.The Receiver of Memory holds the position of highest honor within the Community, serving as the repository for the memories and knowledge of generations. Whenever the Committee of Elders are faced with a new situation, they are able to seek the counsel and  advice of the Receiver. They have the benefit of experience without having to bear its pain.Because of his intelligence, integrity, courage, wisdom, and Capacity to See Beyond, Jonas is selected to be the next Receiver of Memory. The current Receiver, who has held the position for decades, then becomes the Giver.Ms. Lowry paints a vivid picture of this Community. Referring to everyday concepts in a slightly unusual way helps to set that society apart from our own. Babies younger than one year are called ""newchildren,"" for example; children of the same age are ""groupmates""; the elderly, the unhealthy, or those who have broken the rules three times may be ""released.""Why might parents or teachers consider THE GIVER inappropriate for their children? I can only speculate on this since I find the book profoundly original and commendable:1. The setting being a community without freedom. It should be noted, however, that citizens relinquished their freedom years earlier in order to escape the accompanying chaos. They are perfectly satisfied with their arrangement and are not oppressed.2. The family being depicted as a temporary sociological unit rather than a permanent socio-biological unit. Nevertheless, this family unit provides a very nurturing atmosphere.3. References to ""Stirrings"" (sexual arousal). These occur only a few times in the book and are only vaguely described. Since Stirrings are forbidden in the Community, young people begin taking a preventative pill upon first experiencing them and continue taking it daily until they enter the House of the Old.4. The idea of young people bathing the elderly of the opposite gender. This happens only once in the book. It is a gentle, caring, and (given the ages of the participants) asexual experience.5. The concept of ""release."" This pervades the book, but its meaning remains uncertain until Chapter 19, when Jonas witnesses a release.I would think that for many readers these concerns would be assuaged by Jonas, the young protagonist who, in the course of his instruction, recognizes the advantages of previous systems and selflessly tries to better his Community.Although there are aspects of this Community that we may find unsettling, we must remember that Lowry is not advocating this system. She is, in fact, inviting us to consider whether our own society has any of the characteristics of the Community that disturb us:Do we attempt to make our lives pain free?Do we attempt to erase unpleasant memories?Do we use euphemisms?Do we use robotic phrases, as for apologies?Do we have anything resembling the ""House of the Old""?Do we have a ritual that might be called a ""Ceremony of Loss""?Do we attempt Climate Control?Do we avoid talking about ways in which we differ from each other?In our own Society, without a designated Receiver of Memory, that responsibility -- with its inherent pain and exhilaration -- falls to each of us. Vital questions for us to consider are Which memories will we receive? Which will we give?"
"In a community that is all the same lives Jonas, who discovers he is very different. Jonas is the main character in the book The Giver, my favorite book. I loved The Giver because the plot was very creative, the theme was  magnificent, and the setting was vivid. I think you should read this book  for many reasons. The theme of this book is clearly represented: freedom,  the right to make your own choices, uniqueness, and individuality are worth  dying for. In Jonas's community, a commitee selects one's job, war is  unheard of, all people wear the same attire, and all are assigned spouses  and families. When Jonas is given the special, wonder-filled occupation of  becoming the Receiver of Memory, he finds that there is much more to life.  Through his task of becoming the Receiver of Memory, he discovers the  meaning of love, pain, frustration, color, and cold. That is when Jonas  realizes how much more there really is. Life soon becomes overwhelmingly  unbearable in his world of ""sameness."" He finds life isn't worth  living without the qualities (often that we take for granted) he  discovered. That is when Jonas goes on a dangerous journey to find a land  that is different. The setting in this book made it quite a pleasure.  Everything in the community was predictable and pre-planned. The housing  units were all the same. There were designated spots for everything. The  setting helped develop the plot and theme. The mysterious ending leaves one  filled with curiousity and wonder. The book, The Giver, by Lois Lowry is  guaranteed enjoyment, especially for someone who likes a good theme and  plot that ties in with the setting. I loved the boook The Giver, and I  truly believe that everybody should read it!"
"I downloaded this book onto my reader. Could hardly put it down; loved it. Until I came to the end. What? It just left you hanging, not knowing what the imagery was, not knowing whether Jonas was ""there"" or not. I looked it up online to make sure I hadn't had a hiccup when I downloaded and only got half the book. Nope. This book could have been great if the end was the middle. Very disappointing and dissatisfying."
"While ""The Giver"" is a classic book, this edition of Lowry's work makes it even more valuable.  The addendum includes Lowry's Newbery Award Acceptance speech, so that readers have insight into how and why she wrote the book.  Additionally, there are short stories that connect with the ideas of ""The Giver,"" a non-fiction piece about the role of the ""Griot"" in Senegal and two fabulous poems that connect thematically.  Having this book will enhance the knowledge of any reader:  teen, teacher, homeschooler. . .this is truly the kind of edition I would like to see for more books commonly taught to teens. As a former teacher, I feel that the more connections a book can make with other literature and other experiences, the more valuable and permanent it becomes to the student."
"This book,as distrubing as it was, was an excellent sci-fi book that, though odd, makes us all see that there is not, on the Earth we know, a place where everything is perfect as we can not know true happines or pleasure without first expiriancing pain and suffering. Jonas makes me think more, though this is a reach, more about the freedom of choice, for in the Community, there is none. The book striked as a powerful reminder that there is not a better world than that the one we live in, for there would be no happieness if it were the same as the Community, and no feelings. Without feelings, we are not human, and the people in this book scared me that some day there really may be a place that comes around here or in some other life where there are no feelings, color, or, most importantly, love.I also recommend, Harry Potter, The Lord of the Rings and The Price of Immortality"
"This book I read first in 5th grade, and I loved it.  Then I read it again in 7th grade, understood more, and then finally the last time I read it was in 8th grade, 3 years ago, but I loved it.  I try to read it about every three years because it is the kind of book that you'll love hte first time  you read it, but the more you read it, the more you understand.  This book  is touching, and it makes one think about our own society and where our  future might be.  If taken seriously, this book is a work of art, written  so both children and adults can enjoy it.  Definitely I recommend this to  anyone who wants to see a different point of view on where technology and  the media might be leading us!"
"I have owned The Giver, a book by, Lois Lowry, since I won it in 8th grade (I'm in 11th now). People always tokd me it was good, but for some reason I never actaully read it until this year. I'm glad I did read it because it's fascinating. It was written for young adult readers (my sister read it in her 8th grade class), but I suggest it for people of all ages because it is entertaining and thought provoking. The book is set in a community where everyone goes through the same routines, and feels no emotions. The main character is a young, teenage boy. The boy is chosen to be the next Giver (you'll have to read the book to find out what that means) which is when the reader becomes more aware of the restrictive communtity that the boy lives in. The book has a fast paced plot, but is not a thriller. It isn't a mystery either, but the reader is given information bit by bit until they realize the dull, restrictive the boy used to lead. I think the book has an underlying commentary about the importance of history in a societym and the dangers of extreme comformity. It's an interesting, quick read for adults, and fast paced and entertaining enough for younger children. I think anyone who hasn't read this yet should definitely give it a try."
"This book is about a kid named Jonas, who lives in a controlled world, with no fear, no pain, or no war. You might think he lives in a perfect world, Right? Wrong!  In the Community, there is no choices, colors, pleasure, weather,love, emotions, etc. You can not choose your job, spouse,  or anything like that. In the ""Ceremony of Twelve"", 12 year olds  are assigned a job in the Community. Jonas is singled out, and gets special  training from The Giver. When Jonas becomes the ""Receiver of  Memory"", The Giver gives him the memories of the far past; memories of  pain, fear, war, pleasure, colors,and love. (This book takes place in the  future) Jonas receives the truth.......This book is VERY original in  it's plot, and it is interesting to see the point of view in Jonas's  controlled world. I like how Lois Lowry decribes the memories that The  Giver gave to him. She also well describes the way Jonas is feeling.  It is  a very thought-provoking book, which really makes you ponder. The ending  sort of leaves you hanging though. I have read this book 3 times, and every  time you read it, you understand more of this remarkable book. It just  never gets dull.  I read it first when I was in 4th grade,(I'm a good  reader) although I would recommend it to kids 11 and up. 5 STARS!"
"I absolutely loved this book... up until the last few chapters. It all started going downhill once Jonas and the Giver began planning their ridiculous solution to their society's problems. It was rushed--the ending of the book and the plan as well. Maybe I'm just a firm believer that words should be more powerful than memories being magically transmitted to the community. Honestly, this entire book would have been better if magic wasn't a part of it. I really didn't mind it at first, though I had expected the memories to be given through stories rather than being experienced by Jonas. It would've been much more powerful if they instead talked of humanities horrors and wonders, and then shared their knowledge and wisdom with the community. Really, the magic was not even so bad to begin with, but the ending just completely took advantage of it. There was no depth left in the story by the end of it, not like it ever had too much. I was so disappointed in the ending of what could have been a great book."
"This is a wonderful book showing what possibly may happen in the future.  Lois Lowry opens the readers' eyes to the possibilities that life may not always be as we know it now.  Jonas, the main character, is an apprehensive  eleven year old at the beginning of this book.  He turns into a very wise,  knowledgable twelve-year-old.  The Giver and Jonas live in a dull community  without individualism, colors or any change at all (in weather, land,  people, etc.).  Jonas and the Giver are the only people in their community  who have feelings and hold the memories (of pain and pleasure) of the past.  To see how Jonas tries to save the memories of the past, read this  thought-provoking story by Lois Lowry!"
"This book will become a classic among the many wonderful novels about the potential for counter-utopias (creating the opposite of a better life for humanity), and deserves far more than five stars.  I found it as interesting and rewarding as 1984, Brave New World, and Atlas Shrugged.Researchers constantly find that reading to children is valuable in a variety of ways, not least of which are instilling a love of reading and improved reading skills. With better parent-child bonding from reading, your child will also be more emotionally secure and able to relate better to others. Intellectual performance will expand as well. Spending time together watching television fails as a substitute.To help other parents apply this advice, as a parent of four I consulted an expert, our youngest child, and asked her to share with me her favorite books that were read to her as a young child. The Giver was one of her picks.  She said, ""It's an awesome book, Dad, and it will only take you an hour to reread.""  My wife then chimed in and said I really should review this book for Amazon.com.  So here it is.Ms. Lowry paints a bleak picture of having achieved equal lives for all.  Everyone gets the same things, and interactions are modulated so that there will be a minimum of social disorder.  Think of this as socialism turned into a low-security prison camp operated by the inmates with the help of drugs to keep everyone's minds and emotions numb.The book evolves through the life of Jonas, a 12 year old, who has lived this life of great civility and little intensity up until the book's beginning.  Then he goes through a great ritual in which each young person begins specific training for their life's work, as determined by the collective to best fit their skills and personalities.Jonas is to have a role that he did not even know existed.  He is to be the one person in the society who will have memories of what occurred before the collective state was formed.  His tutor will be the man who has had this role until now.  That man is the Giver.  I won't tell you any more, because I don't want to spoil the story.  The rest proceeds much like what would occur with a hero in an Ayn Rand novel.  The resolution of the conflict is a particularly inventive and thought-provoking one.This book is particularly good for showing the dangers of having everyone think alike.  I heartily endorse its message of exploring new thoughts and experiences.  Those provide us with greater comfort than a grey conformity that we do not even perceive as such.After you have finished enjoying this outstanding book, I suggest that you ask yourself what rules your family has that could be creating missed opportunities to be more caring and close to one another.  After you locate those rules, I suggest you have a discussion about the benefits of changing those rules.  Good luck!May you find warmth and love wherever you go!!"
"...Jonas's is a twelve-year-old boy living in a perfect futuristic world. There is no fighting, no pain, and no color, everything is completely organized.  Everyone is assigned a role in the community at age twelve. Jonas is assigned to receive training from the giver. The giver alone holds all of the memories of the real pain and happiness of life before the governors started the community.  But when training begins, things start to get tough.  By putting his hands on Jonas's back, the giver can transmit memories. The memories can make Jonas actually feel the pain or live the happiness.  Jonas finds out that his father has been lying to him about a baby boy, Gabe, and Jonas is forced to take action. Even in a perfect world like Jonas is in, life can be full of nasty surprises!!! I loved this book.  Lois Lowry did a great job of describing all the memories, it was like I was there instead of Jonas.  I also liked this book because it was a page-turner. You would be surprised how often I said to my Mom, ""just one more chapter, pleease?""  At the end of the chapter she always left you hanging, which I personally think is a very good technique.I'd recommend this book to more experienced readers who like science fiction books.  The only reason I was a bit disappointed with it was the very last part.  It was one of those endings that the author left you to decide the ending, and I don't really like those types of endings.  But all in all The Giver was a splendid, fun book."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry combines aspects of fantasy, science fiction, and mystery genres.  While clearly a dystopian novel after the pattern of 1984 (and, I would assume, A Brave New World, but I haven't read that yet), this book also incorporates such fantasy/philosophical concepts as collective memory.Although much of what is happening is clearly explained later on, readers who like a little ambiguity will enjoy trying to interpret what Jonas means when he describes things from a worldview very different from our own.The ending leaves the reader confused and deflated, belonging more to the fantasy/philosophical parts of the book than the science fiction parts.  While Jonas seems happy in the end, one cannot figure out where he is, what will happen to him, or even if he's still alive.  Personally, I wanted something more concrete.However, it is a beautiful, enthralling, and tasteful tale for the fairly mature reader willing to contemplate the nature of love, sexuality (this part is mild), infanticide, suicide, history, paternalistic government, etc., without the ""resistance is futile"" hopelessness of adult dystopian novels.I loved it at 12.  I love it at 18.Can anyone tell me if the legend of the sanitation worker told by the children of Jonas' community is an allusion to Anthem by Ayn Rand?"
"Referred to me by my wife, an elementary teacher, I was not especially excited at first to read this book. But, being an avid reader and believing that every book deserves a chance, I picked up The Giver and very soon found that I couldn't put it down. The Giver is the story of Jonas, a boy who lives in a futuristic 1984-esq society, where everything appears to be perfect. Selected to become the next ""Receiver of Memory,"" the most important role in the community, Jonas is sent for training to a man who gives his name only as ""The Giver.""Although a little slow to start, the story quickly picks up as Jonas begins to see the world in a way he never imagined before, and the reader quickly begins to see a world that we may not be to far from, a world that we may want to avoid creating at all costs.As a future teacher myself, I feel confident in saying that the book itself is fairly easy reading, and could probably be read as early as 4th or 5th grade. The content, however, may be more appropriate for middle school or even high school. While the story does work on several levels, and could be understood by younger kids, there is a scene in the book that may be disturbing for them. But that is, in the end, the overall purpose of the book: to disturb us, to make us think and consider the nature of humanity and the cost of ""perfection.""The Giver is a truly amazing book, one written with eerie clarity and foresight, one that could change your way of thinking in many, many ways."
"Lois Lowry is one of those unique authors who has won the John Newbery Medal for children's literature twice. Once for the first book in this trilogy and once for a book about the Holocaust called Number the Stars. (Just as an aside only one other author has ever done that Madeleine L'Engle who I would also recommend highly.) I would begin by recommending any of her books; they are all worth the time and the effort.  This trilogy is set in a post apocalyptic world. The first two books each focus on different community's who have recovered from the devastation differently, both have strengths and both have weaknesses. And a young boy must heal them both and the land if either is to survive.The GiverLois LowryLaurel-Leaf BooksISBN:0440219078Jonas is a young boy who lives in a community with a lot of technology and many rules about it. He has only seen an airplane twice for planes were not suppose to over fly villages, it was against the rules. Children of the same age are raised together and each December they move up a grade, when the reach the age of twelve they are selected for occupational training Jonas in talking to his friend states about selections: ""Jonas Shrugged. It didn't worry him, how could someone not fit in? The Community was so meticulously ordered, the choices so carefully made."" However all the other Twelve's were assigned and Jonas was skipped then at the end of the ceremony it was announced that he had been selected he was chosen to become the `receiver of memory.' He was to learn all the history and story of the people and become an advisor to the council that ruled the village. It only happened every so many generations and only 1 keeper of memories was installed in each village. Jonas and his family take in an infant who is not maturing and growing quickly enough. The child is given a year extension, when the child is marked to me replaced (abandoned and killed). Jonas takes the child and runs away. Through the winter Jonas knows he will not make it and pours all the memories he has learnt into the child. But can he save the child? What will happen to him and his community? Jonas thought his world was perfect, that the elders had everything under control, that there would never be war again. But also a world without choices. Till he is given the knowledge of the past the choice to save a child or let it die?Gathering BlueLois LowryLaurel-Leaf BooksISBN:0440229499Kira, is an orphan and she has a twisted leg, she lives in a village with very little technology and one that casts aside those who do not contribute. The weak, injured, and helpless are abandoned. However things are starting to turn around for Kira, she has been spared by the all powerful Council of Guardians, for she has a gift she is a weaver and can die cloths in ways no other in the community can. As an artisan she is installed in the palatial Council Edifice and spends the whole year working her trade, her primary task is to care for the Robe of Remembrance that tell's the story of this community. But with her privilege comes expectations that she will do the council biddings. She befriends a young boy and his ragged dog, Matty `The Fiercest of the Fierce'. Matt tells Kira about another village where people are not cast aside, where they share their food. Matt brings her a gift the color blue, and a blind man that is her father. She is torn between staying and leaving the life she knows, and the truths she can find out what will happen.MessengerLois LowryThomas Allen & SonISBN:0618404414Matt has returned he is with Kira's father and living in the new community from beyond yonder. This village is guided by love and compassion, and guided by the `Leader' a seer arrived in this village one winter night many years ago on a sleigh with an older boy who did not survive the journey. The Seer can see the future and can often see for people what might be for his people. Matty is almost at the age where he will be named, he is hoping to be named `Messenger' for he takes message both in the village and to other villages which many can not do. But things are changing, the village is becoming hostile, starting to turn people away and the woods are becoming ferial and people are dieing. Can the Leader save the village, can the world be healed, what will happen to Kira, her father and Matty?These three books will challenge you, after reading The Giver the first time I was overwhelmed and it haunted me for a long time. I went back and have reread it many many times. All three books raise questions about community, love, friendship, and care for other people. They also show dark paths that we as a people can go down, and how it can devastate all around us when we make the wrong choices for the wrong reasons."
"The Newberry Award winning novel The Giver, by lois Lowry, is an odd yet exiting book. It takes place in the future where everything is the same. There is no color. There is no music. There is a rule for everything. There are no families. The temperature is always the same and you don't get to pick what you want to do in life. The main character's name is Jonas. In the community when you turn twelve, you are assigned a job. When it was Jonas turn, they gave him the job of ""Receiver"". The last apprentice failed the job ten years ago. The Receiver's job is to receive the community's memories from the Giver. He gets some memories that are good and lots that are bad. Jonas finds out that children that aren't perfect are ""released"". One day his father brought home a baby boy who is was going to be released. His name was Gabriel. Jonas decides to run away from the community with the baby. He runs to a place in the world where everything isn't controlled, and decides he wants to stay there. He realizes that imperfection and beauty are more important than perfection and a world that is gray."
"Lois Lowry is one of those unique authors who has won the John Newbery Medal for children's literature twice. Once for the first book in this trilogy and once for a book about the Holocaust called Number the Stars. (Just as an aside only one other author has ever done that Madeleine L'Engle who I would also recommend highly.) I would begin by recommending any of her books; they are all worth the time and the effort.  This trilogy is set in a post apocalyptic world. The first two books each focus on different community's who have recovered from the devastation differently, both have strengths and both have weaknesses. And a young boy must heal them both and the land if either is to survive.The GiverLois LowryLaurel-Leaf BooksISBN:0440219078Jonas is a young boy who lives in a community with a lot of technology and many rules about it. He has only seen an airplane twice for planes were not suppose to over fly villages, it was against the rules. Children of the same age are raised together and each December they move up a grade, when the reach the age of twelve they are selected for occupational training Jonas in talking to his friend states about selections: ""Jonas Shrugged. It didn't worry him, how could someone not fit in? The Community was so meticulously ordered, the choices so carefully made."" However all the other Twelve's were assigned and Jonas was skipped then at the end of the ceremony it was announced that he had been selected he was chosen to become the `receiver of memory.' He was to learn all the history and story of the people and become an advisor to the council that ruled the village. It only happened every so many generations and only 1 keeper of memories was installed in each village. Jonas and his family take in an infant who is not maturing and growing quickly enough. The child is given a year extension, when the child is marked to me replaced (abandoned and killed). Jonas takes the child and runs away. Through the winter Jonas knows he will not make it and pours all the memories he has learnt into the child. But can he save the child? What will happen to him and his community? Jonas thought his world was perfect, that the elders had everything under control, that there would never be war again. But also a world without choices. Till he is given the knowledge of the past the choice to save a child or let it die?Gathering BlueLois LowryLaurel-Leaf BooksISBN:0440229499Kira, is an orphan and she has a twisted leg, she lives in a village with very little technology and one that casts aside those who do not contribute. The weak, injured, and helpless are abandoned. However things are starting to turn around for Kira, she has been spared by the all powerful Council of Guardians, for she has a gift she is a weaver and can die cloths in ways no other in the community can. As an artisan she is installed in the palatial Council Edifice and spends the whole year working her trade, her primary task is to care for the Robe of Remembrance that tell's the story of this community. But with her privilege comes expectations that she will do the council biddings. She befriends a young boy and his ragged dog, Matty `The Fiercest of the Fierce'. Matt tells Kira about another village where people are not cast aside, where they share their food. Matt brings her a gift the color blue, and a blind man that is her father. She is torn between staying and leaving the life she knows, and the truths she can find out what will happen.MessengerLois LowryThomas Allen & SonISBN:0618404414Matt has returned he is with Kira's father and living in the new community from beyond yonder. This village is guided by love and compassion, and guided by the `Leader' a seer arrived in this village one winter night many years ago on a sleigh with an older boy who did not survive the journey. The Seer can see the future and can often see for people what might be for his people. Matty is almost at the age where he will be named, he is hoping to be named `Messenger' for he takes message both in the village and to other villages which many can not do. But things are changing, the village is becoming hostile, starting to turn people away and the woods are becoming ferial and people are dieing. Can the Leader save the village, can the world be healed, what will happen to Kira, her father and Matty?These three books will challenge you, after reading The Giver the first time I was overwhelmed and it haunted me for a long time. I went back and have reread it many many times. All three books raise questions about community, love, friendship, and care for other people. They also show dark paths that we as a people can go down, and how it can devastate all around us when we make the wrong choices for the wrong reasons."
"""THE GIVER"" Author: Lois Lowry Report by: Shelton Amerman  In my own personal opinion, ""THE GIVER"", by Lois Lowry, is an  extremely bizarre book. It's a book about a future world. This world is  supposedly perfect; no crime, no poverty, no starvation, no war, no  prejudice, no overpopulation, no divorce, no pain, good educational system.  Children grow up learning different jobs, rules of the community, good  manners, and proper speech. When they reach the age of twelve( they  celebrate birthdays all at the same time), they are assigned a job that  fits with their abilities, if they want a spouse, they are assigned one, if  they want children, they are assigned one male and one female, no more.  When they are old, they go to a special facility. It's perfect; on the  surface. There is also no freedom, no privacy, no emotion, no color, no  music, no sunlight, no weather, no understanding of the past, no choice.  When someone gets to old, they are ""released"", if twins or an  extra child is born, they are ""released""(releasing is what they  call killing).  The book focuses primarily on the experiences of a boy  called Jonas. When he turns twelve, he is selected for the most honored  position in the community, ""Receiver of Memories"" from the  ""Giver of Memories"". The position is one in which ""The  Giver"" gives memories of the past, both good and bad, to Jonas. Jonas  learns that the community is not the perfect place he once thought it was.  Then something happens that causes Jonas to do something drastic. At the  end he......well, you'll have to read the book to find out.  The book is  very well written, very descriptive and imaginative, But the ending leaves  you hanging. All in All, It's a good book."
"Jonas lives in a world that is alternate from our world. He lives in a world where everythingis uniform, in a world where there is no color, no life choices, no wars, and no mental pain.Everyone is assigned a career that they will live with for the rest of their life beginning at agetwevle. In this alternate universe, a single ""family"" unit consists of an adoptive mother andfather and two siblings: one boy and one girl. Each family is expected to cooperate as a whole,and are expected to deal with the cope of maturing and leaving the family, and being""released"" after becoming an elderly person. Jonas is a young boy of about eleven and a halfyears old who lives in this type of state and is about to reach the age of adulthood, and he willbe assigned to his role in the communtiy, while is sister, Tilly, will begin to mature in thecommunity as well, but in another way. His father, who is a caretaker of infants for the town,brings home an unusual baby named Gabriel that he decides should be nurtured under hiscare. If the baby doesn't give normal health readings, within one year, he will be releasedMeanwhile, Jonas attends the ceremony in which he finally becomes an adult and isassigned to his future life-long career. But when he expects to be called up next for his""Assignment"", he is skipped over. Jonas then learns that he is to become the officialReceiver of memories of everything that happened before the world of the same things andno color, from none other than the previous Receiver, now known as The ""Giver"". Whenhe receives his instructions on what to do for his classes, he is told several things, but themost important thing that he is instructed to do is to lie. When he arrives, The Giver tellsJonas that he transfers his memories to Jonas, but loses the ones he transfers in the process.Jonas receives memories of wars, holidays such as Christmas, and begins to see colors,instead of black-and-white. Then, Jonas actualy sees the release of an infant, which isbasically similar to a lethal injection. When Jonas's father prepares to release Gabriel,Jonas seeks more memories about snow, water, and sunlight, along with other substancesthat are unknown to people who live in this controlled community. Jonas runs away withGabriel into the unknown until he comes across a town with colors, music, and other thingsthat do not exist in Jonas's world. The Giver, by Lois Lowry, is an amazing Newberry Medalwinning novel for young adults that should be read due to its suspense, its spectacular fantasy, and for its great depiction of the characters in the novel.The Giver, by Lois Lowry, contains a great quanity of suspense. Throughout the novel, thereis enough suspense to cause the reader to read into it more and more with enthusiasm andwill not want to stop reading until they are finished with it completely. An example of this iswhen Jonas is running away with the infant named Gabriel. As he keeps riding along on thebycycle he stole from his father (this was the main mode of transportation for the community),when the search planes flew overhead. This is just one of the many types of suspense foundin The Giver that would certainly encourage anyone to read the novel.The Giver was also an excellent fantasy novel to read. Lois Lowry, the author who wrote thenovel, created an excellent alternate world in which everything that we on Earth areaccustomed to is alien to the people on Jonas's world. Everything is different, and choicesare made for the people themselves. In some ways, this is a go od thing, for there are no warsand there is little crime, but there are many consequences for living in this world as well.The alternate world created in this novel makes it even more appealing to read.The Giver, by Lois Lowry, does an excellent job of character and area description.Throughout the pages of the book, the description of the memories given from The Giverto Jonas is in such great detail that any person will have the ability to create an image ofof what is going on in the plot. Thus, the reader will have a better understanding of what isgoing on, causing them read more and more.The Giver, by Lois Lowry, is an excellent novel because of its superb traits, including itsmassive quanities of thrills and suspense, its awsome fantasy, and for its unique descriptionoverall. This novel is about a boy who lives in a world of dullness and in a place with nochoices until he meets The Giver. It is at this point that Jonas learns the true meaning oflife, love, pain, war, and happiness. I rate this novel a total of five stars out of five.A. Chappell"
"I first read ""The Giver"" when I was in the 6th grade (I'm now a senior in High School) and the book only gets better every time I read it.  I have read many other books concerning the issue of ideal and Utopian societies.  These books are very deep and often disturbing.  ""The Giver"" touches on these issues but in a very chilish and delicate manner which makes it perfect for young children to read.  It mildly exposes them to the idea that society cannot be perfect and that the more perfection a government strives for, the less privelaged its citizens become.  I can personally say that ""The Giver"" gave me my first real sense of pride in my country and the rights and liberties it grants me simply for living on its grounds.  The story also provoked my first thoughts of appreciation of life in general.  Although my senses of pride and appreciation have grown much more since the 6th grade, ""The Giver"" was a thought-provoking and inspirational introduction to the adult world I was soon to face.  It is, by far, one of my favorite novellas ever (and I have read many). I would highly reccommend it to anyone."
"What if you lived in an society that had no pain, no hunger, no color, everything's the same, no unemployment, and no crimes.  Well twelve year old Jonas lived in such an community.  Jonas and all his other twelve year  old friends are scared, worried and carious about the Ceremony of twelve.  People receive their assignments for the community at this annual ceremony.  There were different jobs, such as the caretaker, and the assistant  director of recreation.  Jonas received the most important job out of all  of them. Jonas was chosen to be the community's Receiver of Memories.  He  was chosen for this job for a special reason that Jonas has experienced,  but still doesn't know what it is.  The Giver, an elderly man who was also  chosen to be the receiver of memories, now has the responsibility to teach  Jonas.  Jonas gradually learns just how costly this pain-free society can  be.This is really the best book ever, Lois Lowry used great descriptive  words to bring the book to life.  Once you pick this book up you will not  want to put it down."
"By ShaniJonas was a happy, twelve-year-old boy, who lived his day to day life with a rigid routine: going to school, playing with friends, doing volunteer hours and spending time with family in his dwelling. He lived a peaceful, perfect life of Sameness. He and his fellow members of society each went through the many ceremonies, each providing new opportunities. All of these later led to the very last one: The Ceremony of Twelve, the much anticipated celebration into adulthood. This is where they get their life's assignment. When the time came for Jonas' Ceremony of Twelve, he was in for the shock of his life. In just one day, Jonas was given an honorable position in his society. No one would look at him the same way again. During his training, Jonas learned the truth about his society and its past. Slowly, Jonas' life changed and so did his thoughts until they transformed into something more. He was determined to know what lay Elsewhere, outside of his utopian society. His thoughts transformed into an action, and off he went into the darkness.The Giver is written so differently from any other book that I have read. It is the type of book that many adolescents may not be able to fully understand, since it is describing a society so different from ours. From the way Lowry described Jonas' society, it would be classified as a utopian society. There are no troubles, except for very superficial emotions that the people feel, minimal choices, and rigid rules. The society is dull, civilized, and focused on perfection. Lowry seems to have developed her own vocabulary especially for The Giver. She uses words like, Sameness, Elsewhere and stirrings, which can only be fully understood after carefully reading the context in which it is used. I also notice that she is fond of using cliffhangers. At the end of each chapter, the very last sentence is either shocking or a riveting description. Regardless, it was a page-turner.The Giver turned out to be one of my favorite books. It was interesting for me to picture our society being similar to Jonas'. I thought that maybe it would be a good thing because there would be no wars, no poverty, and no worries. As I got to the end of the book, I began to think that maybe it is not such a good idea after all-a life without freedom. What makes life worth living is the different problems we face and how we use our ingenuity to solve them and I think that Lowry was successful in opening my eyes towards this fact. I feel that this is an important message for children aged twelve and above."
"The Giver is about a community that has no pain, no wars, and no hunger. Sounds like a perfect community, right? Actually, the community also has no feelings, assigned jobs, spouses, and number per kid. The community also lacks color and music. When children become 12 they are assigned a job.  Instead of assigned, 12 year old Jonas is ""selected"". This means  he is givven the job of the Receiver. He receives memories of color, war,  animals, and love. Jonas is determined to share these things with the  community, but how? Jonas and the Giver, the only other person in the  community who can see color, hear music, and who gives Jonas the memories,  devise a plan which could save or destroy the community. The Giver is a  really great book, but I only recommend it for kids 11 years old and up,  because it's really upsetting at times. All in all, a terrific book."
"This is a book I really *wanted* to like. It's generally well-written, it's a widely-banned book, and deals with really incredible themes (is a society flawed if people are happy in it, the relationship of memory and emotion, &c.). In fact, the beginning and middle of the book are incredible--as is the very ending--Lowry brilliantly shows us a utopia/dystopia (the readers have to decide which they think it really is) and its effects. However, getting from the brilliant middle to the brilliant last page is a chore--after setting up a psychologically compelling picture of two people's struggles with the world they live in, the book turns into what I can only describe as a low-key adventure novel. It's almost as if Lowry decided that continuing to write with the attention given the first three-quarters of the book would make it too long for the format, so a few shortcuts (having certain characters act in decidedly odd ways, essentially eliminating all dialogue) had to be taken--and it's a real pity, because the book had the potential to be a 4- or 5-star novel."
"This book is often overlooked by adults because of its ""young adult"" label, which is too bad.  I have never met anyone--adult or child--who has not been moved by this book.Lois Lowry is a master of storytelling, and this book is no exception.  This is such a departure from her normal style of writing, and it is an absolutely amazing book.  The idea of this ""perfect"" utopia and the restrictions placed upon its members are fodder for unbelievable conversation.I teach this novel to middle school students, and it never fails to amaze me how they respond to this novel.  I recommend that this book be read and discussed by people of ALL ages.  What a wonderful book for families to read together!(Be sure to check out Lowry's newest book, Gathering Blue, the long-awaited companion to The Giver!)"
"The Giver takes place in a society, that at first, seems perfect.  It seems to be free from crime or societal problems.  This however, leads to no freedom to make personal decisions or experience true freedom.  This novels main character is Jonas and centers around his coming of age at twelve years old.  At the magic age of twelve his society decides what his career and purpose in life is going to be.  His discovery into his assigned job as ""the giver"" is one that is troubling and leads him to search outside of his community to find a better life.  Follow Jonas as he learns of the true problems of his community and how maybe the grass is greener on the other side of the mountain.  We recommend this book for children at least 13 years or older due to some of the life and death aspects of this story."
"This book immediately captivates you and puts you inside of a world unlike what we know.  It was a real page turner at first.  But, there were some things that I feel should have been better explained to make the story feel more real.  For example, that author didn't explain HOW the people were unable to see color or HOW all hills were removed.  About 3/4 of the way done, I realized that the end of the book was rapidly approaching and wondered how it would end.  Well, it seems the author got a little bored and just decided to end it.  The ending was terrible. TERRIBLE.  This book had so much potential and the storyline itself was interesting.  I really wish the author would have made the book longer and added an ending that would have made sense."
"Jonas lives in a community where everything is perfect.  There's no crime, poverty, illness, or unemployment, and every family is perfectly balanced and happy.  Then, at his Ceremony of the Twelve, Jonas is chosen to be Receiver of the Memories.  As he receives memories from the Giver, he realizes that there are other things his world doesn't have: color, pleasure, warmth, weather.  Now that Jonas has learned about real life, he wants to do something about it, to save his community.  With some help from the Giver, he will show everyone what they are missing.  It makes you realize that there is a trade-off for everything, and even good comes with bad."
"You know a book is worth reading when it sticks with you for nearly 20 years. I read this when it first came out...I was 10 years old. Through the years this story stuck with me, always in my mind and evoking a somewhat melancholy feeling. For years I searched for it, but could never remember its name or specific enough details to find it.After reading 'Brave New World', at a friend's suggestion, the similarities inspired me to search again and here it is! This story profoundly affected me as a child and comes back to me often in my international work.I highly recommend this book to adults and mature children alike."
"As someone else stated, the concept and plot of this book has been mentioned many times, so I will not cover that area. I will simply explain why I love this book, and why I would recommend it to others.I simply fell in love with this book in the sixth grade. We were required to read it, and we were supposed to read a chapter a night - I read mine in a few days. Now mind you, that was over 10 years ago. I have since read it a handful of times, and each time, I draw different conclusions. I love that the book always leaves me wanting more; always leaves me imagining what would happen next; and always leaves me envisioning myself in the World it creates.I would recommend this book to anyone, including young adults all the way up to the elderly. It gives you a greater appreciation for things you would normally take for granted - like colors, emotions, and freedom to choose what to do with your life. I would also recommend seeing the movie equilibrium, or reading the book 1984 if you enjoy this quick and easy read. It's a more adult view of the same concept - a World with no emotions, no war, no pain, and sadly, no love."
"Somehow, I missed this one growing up. I picked up the book because I saw a preview for the movie and I decided to give the book a try. I'm only going to say a couple of things.1. As an adult reading this, it was too simplistic. This isn't an negative, only a warning to any adults who want to give this a try and have never ready it as children. This was written for children and it reads as such.2. Great, fantastic premise. Not original by today's standards, but since this book is, I believe 20 years old, certainly groundbreaking for the time. Relevant to any era I think.3. Lastly, there are some supernatural elements. They're subtle, to say the least, but you have to suspend belief in a couple of places (can't say more as I don't want to give any spoilers).I am trying to get my daughter to read this - while the reading level is a bit low for her I think she, like I did, will enjoy the premise and where the book takes you."
"I first read this book back in 8th grade, many years ago. Now, I am not a huge book reader mind you. (Though I do keep up with the Harry Potter series.) But of all the books I have read, this has to be, by far, the best. I'll always remember when I was in school, reading this book, always wanting to skip ahead many chapters before class the next day. Ended up I read the whole book a week before we were suppose to finish it. I was enthralled buy it. Caught me be surprise that Jonas was seeing color for the first time. I was never told about that. Just the fact of a whole society where everything is controlled makes things interesting. Very well written in my opinion. With the ending, it isnt as bad as people think. The writer wants you to use your imagination and figure out what may have happened with Jonas. I think the ending is a good very happy. The Giver itself is a must read for any age."
"We read The Giver with An Audience for Einstein.  Both are about memories, and feature a young main character.  While different in many ways, they both make you think about where society is headed, and how technology can be used for good or evil.  The Giver has a sadder ending than An Audience for Einstein.  But both are fascinating. I would say that the future in The Giver is darker and more disturbing than the closer future of An Audience for Einstein.  At least things somewhat return to normal in An Audience for Einstein, while things remain bad in The Giver at the end.  In that regard, An Audience for Einstein has a happier ending, especially for the main character.  The Giver is a classic novel, while An Audience for Einstein is newer.  Both have won awards.  They can be read by anyone from teens to adults and will hold your interest. I am glad I read both of them."
"Welcome to the ideal world: a world without conflict, poverty, unemployment, injustice or inequality.Welcome to the annual Ceremony of Twelves.  Each 12 year-old receives a life assignment by the elders.  Jonas  is selected to be the Receiver of Memory, this assignment was last given 10  years ago, and the youngster failed miserably.Will Jonas fail asd this  awesome task?  He meets The Giver, an elderly man who gives Jonas his  memories of the past.  Jonas learns about snow and sunshine, he learns  about color and most importantly he learns about love.Which way of life  is better?  The old life has pain, yet a life without pain holds no  joy.I'm never shocked at the reviews of this book...it is easy to see  age of the reviewers, especially when they write..."" what a dumb book,  who could imagine a world without color.""  I just hope at some point  these young folks will return to and read this book...it's magical and one  that will last forever."
"Dystopian teen fiction is pretty hot right now, with blockbusters like ""The Hunger Games"" and ""Divergent."" But the grandaddy of them all was ""The Giver.""And long before it became chic, Lois Lowry produced a hauntingly memorable story set in a world where emotions are suppressed, and only ""The Giver"" has the power to change it. It's a powerful little story -- whether read alone or with the three loose sequels --  with haunting prose and some very strong characters, as well as a message of compassion and acceptance.A young boy named Jonas lives in a rigid, joyless community where people use emotion-deprivation pills and adhere to insanely strict rules -- they have no conflict, poverty or discrimination... but they also have no love, no fun, and no creativity. When Jonas is selected as the Receiver of Memories, he is suddenly flooded with feelings and memories of both the good and the bad from humanity's distant past.And as he comes to realize what his people have lost in their quest to be the same, Jonas begins yearning for the world he knows must exist outside the Community. But his quest becomes a more personal one when he discovers another price for the Community's existence: the ""release"" of babies that they don't deem good enough. The only one who can change the Community is Jonas.Pretty much all young-adult dystopian fiction owes a debt to the Giver Quartet -- it has young people discovering the cruelty and callousness of their societies, and finding different ways to rebel. But Lowry doesn't shy away from asking the serious questions in her story, such as lack of respect for life (if it's inconvenient or doesn't fit in), kindness, compassion, and the good AND bad roots of what it means to truly live.Lowry's writing is simple but poetic, winding through with some quietly eloquent language (""Behind him, across vast distances of space and time, from the place he had left, he thought he heard music too""). And she fills the story not with bombast and battle, but with tragedy and quiet triumph -- and while we can see that Jonas' actions will have shattering effects, his rebellion against his cold, sterile society is an oddly quiet one.And as this book is the quiet grandfather of current dystopian fiction, Jonas is the quiet ancestor of the Katniss Everdeens of today -- he's an innocent young boy who discovers what being really alive is about, and the joys and horrors that come with it. He's not an action hero, but an everyman... well, everyBOY hero, struggling with the complex questions of what he should do to make his world ""right"" again.It's also worth noting that while ""The Giver"" is part of a loose-knit series, it can be appreciated as a standalone novel. However, the ambiguous ending is less ambiguous with the sequels that came some years later, which explain what happened to Jonas and Gabe -- which was rather controversial, since it ""ruined"" the ending that fans had decided was the real one.""The Giver"" is a powerful, haunting little novel, like a quiet song that resonates powerfully in your memory -- and conveys some powerful lessons about human nature and compassion. A true and deserving classic."
"Jonas, the main character of The Giver, is a 12 year old boy living in a society that has decided to rid itself of imperfections. The weather, for example, has been erased, leaving every day a bland day without sun, rain, wind or snow. Color has been erased. Animals no longer exist. Perfectly proper language must be used at all times - if a child mistakenly says just before lunch, ""I'm starving,"" that is cause to be beaten, because, although he may be hungry, he is not actually ""starving."" Love has been erased, presumably because it is often messy or painful. And choice has been erased. A committee of elders from this society decides, when you are twelve, what occupation you will begin training for, and eventually they decide to whom you will be married and if you are fit to raise children. You do not HAVE children in this society, however. One of the occupations for females who are slightly less intelligent and hard working is 'birth mother.' Birth mothers live amongst themselves, and give birth to up to three children who are in turn given to suitable parents. (There is no mention of how these children are fathered - the only loose end in the story but one my middle school language arts students found unsatisfactory.) There is, then, no need for sex nor sexual desire; when that little problem comes up among adolescents, they are told by their parents that they must start taking a pill daily that erases these urges.The novel begins just before the main character, Jonas, turns twelve. At the Ceremony of Twelves he learns that he has been chosen to be the next Receiver of Memory, a position of prestige but one that is very painful, for Jonas learns that every other person in his town, with the exception of The Giver, has had their memories of the past erased. He must be given these memories - memories of love, of extended family, of war, of pain, of snow, of animals, of everything that has been erased - and he discovers the richness of the world that has been extinguished, its good and bad, the absurdities, joys, tragedies, everything that makes us at times sad but also, at times, euphoric. Jonas realizes how colorless, literally and figuratively, this new world he lives in really is, and he is overwhelmed with the knowledge. The reader is treated to a captivating story, one that is difficult to put down. When I read it along with my students, as a group, out loud, and I say, ""OK, now we'll stop and read again tomorrow,"" there will be a collective protest because they do not want to wait until tomorrow; every chapter they read must be followed immediately by the next. This incredibly well written novel is at times almost unbearably sad, though, and if sharing it with students or your own children, it is best to read it first so that you can ascertain if it is age-appropriate. When it is age-appropriate, is is one of the best novels to share with young people, a story that they will remember long after they have finished it."
"Why this book is pigeonholed as Children's Literature is a mystery to me, perhaps merely because the protagonist is a twelve-year old, perhaps owing to the author's past works--I'm just glad to have found it. ""The Giver"" treats the most profound issues in a manner that speaks of deep understanding; the book will ring you like a bell, the ideas resonate and can not be forgotten. For this reason I call this the rarest of books; once read it will immediately and forever be a part of the reader--in a sense, our author becomes her own creation, she becomes the Giver of memory and her reader a Receiver.It is a spare presentation of a dystopic future world where the ""problems"" of humanity have all been neatly resolved; everyone is polite, happy with their job, unthreatened by pain, sickness, conflict and even death. Though it becomes quickly evident that what the author really gives us is a rather convincing rationalization for the fact that evil, pain and suffering are necessary. Foes of religious belief often claim that the idea of pain and suffering is inconsistent with a loving God; but, even for the secular among us, Ms. Lowry shows how suffering and joy are linked. ""The Giver"" argues that granting unlimited license to those who would sacrifice individual choice in their attempts to achieve relief from war, famine and economic inequality could very well eliminate that which makes life worth living. ""The Giver"" says much about the danger of placing the interests of the community above the interests of individuals.To say much about the story risks spoiling the slow exposition of the underlying flaws in the utopia, which was exceptionally well paced. At first the ""community"" seems vaguely creepy, by the end of the book it is horrifying. ""The Giver"" is a novel of ideas that begs to be discussed and argued over as the part of any moral education. It is powerful beyond my ability to express and like any truth, it offers something of value to any reader at any level.Highest Recommendation."
"different from gathering blue, this book is just as good. jonas lives in a world of organization, where no memories are found, no colors or sounds. there is one person who holds them all, the giver. it is so organized that you have no choices. 2 kids per family, extra infants are killed, the leaders don't know anything, nor do they want to. it is a world unexpected and makes you think. makes you wonder but most of all, makes you feel happy for what you have. it sheds light on the most unnoticed things in life, like love, sight, sound, color, and the choices you make. this book was and is a part of me always because it taught me an important lesson, to appreciate."
"The Giver is the Story of a boy coming of age that has been singled out at the time he is supposed to get his job assignment. Jonas, the boy was a seemingly normal boy until he got his job assignment. He was given a job that one person may succeed at and another may not. He has been chosen as his community's next keeper of memories. The community is free from pain and despair except for the keeper of memories was the only one to know of them. He has been given the duty to keep all the good and bad memories of the old time. Once he gets some of his special training by the Giver, the former keeper of memories, he decides that the people need the good and bad memories so that they do not live a controlled life without meaning. While he is trying to give the memories back, he finds another boy that would have been released (which means he would have been killed), if he had not been saved. The story has a great moral. We should not lose our feeling and passion to have a life where there is peace everywhere, but no freedom, a controlled life, where one does not choose to do things. This book was an easy read and it teaches a lot. It teaches that you should have both good and bad. By getting rid of the bad the good is gone. All that is left is things that are not good or bad. The book had a good plot but it did not explain itself enough.  It receives a 4 out of five from me."
"Lois Lowry creates a perfect world in her novel, The Giver.  With suspense, foreshadowing, and many other well-used techniques, Lowry paints a story of a young boy, Jonas, who is given the burden of becoming the next Receiver for his community.  The Receiver is the person who has to nurture all the memories of the world, from the past and present, yet not be able to share his discoveries with anyone else.  Jonas eventually becomes overwhelmed by this task, and persuades the Giver, the previous Receiver, to change the world, as they know it.Lowrys illustration of this Utopia is wonderful.  It forces the reader to think about the benefits and the problems of a perfect, uniform world. Lowrys precise writing leaves the reader pondering these questions: Is peace worth losing all color and beauty in a world?  Is unity worth losing all personal identity?  Are all utopias mind-numbing and monotonous?Personally, I truly enjoyed The Giver.  It was an easy read, yet so full of questions and morals.  I thought the end was very abrupt, but it only added to the effectiveness of the book.  It made me think even more about the messages Lowry was cleverly trying to portray."
"I have always enjoyed the books we read in class, a bit more than the others. I would recieve it and have the first five chapters done by the next day. But this book wowed me. I had finished by the time the rest were reading the first chapter. It tells the tale of life how so many of us wish it were like: perfect; no crime, no poverty. No sadness. Before reading it, our teacher asked us to describe our idea of a utopia in a paragraph. Everyone wrote of a crime and poverty free world (and of course there was the occasional mountain of icecream). Then she told us, what if you had to sacrifice something in return? Such as emotion? We didn't know how to return her question. Emotions are a wonderful thing that we have, but still... This book involves a world in which no one knows love, but lives without hate. When Jonas, a 12 year old boy is given the memories of when life wasn't so perfect, he decides to the fate of his world into his hands. A thrilling adventure that will leave your heart aching."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry How would you feel if you never knew your mom, you couldn't see colors, and it never snowed, rained, or got hot? You might not like it, but the people of the Community never knew anything else. In the community, everyone is perfectly equal. There is no crime, no poverty, and everyone thinks that they are happy. When Jonas is assigned the job of Receiver of Memory in the Community, he learns more than he could have ever imagined existed.  The Giver of the memories in this book is a rescuer, because he helps Jonas out of the lie that he had been living in. The Giver had to be brave and intellegent, or else he would not have his job as the person who held the memories of the Community.  I think this is an important book to read because its message is that real happiness can not exist without some insecurity. The Giver is a great book becasue it makes you think. I would recommend this book to anyone who likes reading, and if you don't, read it anyway."
"The Giver is a novel I would recommend to any adolescent.  It deals with issues that grip we, as people, from our adolesence through the rest of our lives.  The issues discussed in this tale are issues that one will remember for the rest of one's life.Lois Lowry's masterpiece is one of the most interesting tales that I have ever read, as a youth, and as a young adult.  The prose is fantastically written.  It is definitely interesting enough to keep both adults and young adults glued to the pages.I will definitely read this book again and again.  I have recommended it to my younger sisters, and I will recommend it to my own children some day.If you are looking for something to read after Harry Potter, perhaps this might interest you.  I must admit, Harry Potter got my sisters to read, but this book captivated them in a way that I never saw Harry Potter do.  [Now, it's my turn to read Harry Potter!]Read The Giver, you will not be disappointed!"
"The Giver is a remarkable story about a young boy who discovers a life totally different from his own.  Jonas finally turned a 12 and was very anxious to find out what his role in the community would be. After much exessive worrying, he soon learns that he is to be trained as the new Reciever of Memory, one of the highest ranking jobs in his community.  Throughout his many meetings with the Giver, he learns of a totally new world. Through the shared memories of the past he can longingly look apon a world with both love, sadness, pain, family, and feeling.  But now, because of his new discovery, he looks apon his world with less and less favor. Shortly afterwards an opportunity arises for him to leave his solitary community and become a member of the new world. He is faced with a difficult decision.  This is an extremly powerful novel through which the author expresses courage, love, and friendship. I can confidently recommend it to all ages."
"The Giver by Lois LowryHave you ever wondered what the world would be like if everything was perfect? What if there was no violence and no hatred? Imagine a world devoid of color and only minor differences exist. Imagine being able to take a pill that solves all of your problems. For the normal person, this type of world seems to be non-existent. There is no way in our world, which is consumed by chaos and violence, could such a perfect place exist. However, if one was to pick up The Giver by Lois Lowry, they would enter a world that is seemingly perfect. After exploring its pages, we begin to question the validity of this utopia. This book is the perfect introduction to utopic societies and leaves the reader wandering, ""Can a utopia actually exist?""The Giver is about a boy named Jonas who lives in an utopic society. The story begins right before Jonas's Ceremony of Twelve. At this ceremony, all of the students born the same year as Jonas will turn 12 years old and receive their life assignment. Unlike in our society, Jonas and his peers are not able to choose their profession. Rather, they are assigned a profession based off the observations of the elders in the society. Jonas anxiously awaits his ceremony with nervous anticipation. This will be his last ceremony and the most important ceremony of his life. All ceremonies up until this point each presented a new element to Jonas's life. For example, at age one babies leave the nursery and are given to their parents, at age nine students are given their bicycles and become mobile. However, at age 12 students are given their life assignments and officially become adults.When the big day finally comes, Jonas is told that he would be the new Receiver of Memory. This is the most important job in the community, and only one is selected every several decades. Jonas is afraid and excited to receive his new position. Jonas soon begins his training and falls under the leadership of The Giver. The Giver is the current Receiver of Memory and his job is to hold all of the memories of the world. He slowly begins to give Jonas memories of happiness, love, joy, and excitement.  However, after Jonas becomes comfortable, The Giver begins to give Jonas memories of pain, suffering, sadness, hunger, heartache, and other terrible feelings. Jonas has never been exposed to these things and it becomes very difficult to bear.Convinced that the community must change so that they too can experience all of the wonderful and painful memories, Jonas and The Giver makes the decision that Jonas will leave the community. After he leaves the community, his memories begin to fade, and it is believed that they fall back on the community which he left. The end of the novel is quite vague. Jonas and baby Gabriel, a child that he has taken with him, are at the top of a snow peeked mountain and begin to ride down on a sled. In the distance he hears what he believes to be music. At that moment the novel abruptly ends. Some speculate that Jonas and baby Gabriel actually die and he is going to heaven. Others suggest that he has returned to his society, except the society now has the memories that he left behind. The author never gives a definitive answer, but it is up to the reader to decide. This is one of the best books that I have ever read. It is written in such a way that it can appeal to readers of all ages. It forces the reader to think outside of the box and dare to imagine a world which is perceivably perfect. It also forces the reader to question their own ideas of perfection and the possibility of a perfect world. I can think of no negative traits about this book. Lowry has truly opened our eyes to a world that is so crazy, that it actually makes sense."
"I am not the kind of person who reads one book more than once in a short period of time but the Giver  was an exception. The first time I read it I couldn't put it down. I read through math class, through dinner, after my parents told me to turn my light off I read it with a flashlight under my covers until I was done. For the next month I couldn't get it out of my head (the first sign of a good book) so I picked it up again. I read for what seemed like barely minutes but must have been hours because by the time I stopped I was more than half way through. I seriously got lost in the Giver and I have a feeling I will need to read it quite a few more times before the year is over.This book is about a perfect era. There is no pain. There is no fear. There is no sorrow. But there is also no love, no color, no music, no snow, no pure joy. Everything is planned and calculated so there are no choices. There are rules for everything. When you get too old, break the rules three times, or are simply a baby that won't develop fast enough, you are released, sent Elsewhere. But Elsewhere isn't what the people are led to believe. Children don't live with the people who gave birth to them but with a 'family unit,' two people who applied for spouses; babies. There is only one person who remembers what used to be, who remembers love, color, music, choice. He is the Reciever of Memory. The Giver.I guess I don't really have much original to say about this book that hasn't been analysed and discussed thouroughly already, but just imagine if that is our future, total sameness. No individuality, no pride, simply sameness. If that is what we are to become, than what is the true cost of pain? It's true that war must end and that starvation is torturous, but I think we can fix these things without getting rid of love.I think everyone should read this book. It is a bit disturbing and it makes you think, but it is not jut your ordinary fluffly little kid's book. Some people commented that because it was about a perfect place it wasn't exciting or scary. But it was the perfectness that scared me. Now I know that perfection has a cost. And that even that whicg appeears perfect could be, in fact, sheilding the lies."
"I was unprepared for the depth of emotion that this lovely little book showed me.  This book is not as famous in Australia and I bought it on the strength of the reviews here on Amazon, but I must say that whereas the reviews do it justice in terms of how strong it is and well written it is, I was not prepared for the tears I cried at the end, and how much the story has effected me.  I find myself thinking of the central characters days after I have finished reading it.I need not relate the plot, that has been done very well here, but it is all too easy to think of the things that we so willingly give up for an easy life.  Is this a prophetic book?  This is certainly an interesting point of discussion. My copy has a commentary by Ms Lowry at the back, and I noted with interest (through my tears) that the book is well read in Germany, where students read it in conjunction with stories of their own modern history, and I thought that this was a really telling observation.I bought this book for my 12 year old daughter, but as she was half way through Harry Potter's fifth adventure, I thought I would read it first, and I'm pleased I did, as ""The Giver"" is a book that needs to be discussed and the reader almost de-briefed - it is such a powerful book.  So a message to all you parents out there - if your children have read or are going to read this book, you need to read it too, and give them the opportunity to discuss the themes and issues raised within.  This is not to suggest in any way that the book should be withheld from young readers - just that there will be value in your family to be able to discuss the characters and the future world in which they live.It is a wonderful book - witty at times, and as I said, I cried at the end.  It is a truly powerful book that can make you laugh or cry, and this does both.  But anyone who dismisses this as a simple ""young adult"" novel is sadly mistaken."
"When I began The Giver there was a sense of longing.  A world where there is no crime, hate, or fear sounds perfect.  It describes utopia, 'a place of ideal perfection especially in laws, government, and social conditions'.  It is very similar to Sir Thomas More's book Utopia. And like Utopia, there are many contradictions in this world.The community's purpose is to create uniformity throughout the society.  This is seen in the indistinguishable clothing that is worn, the elimination of material possessions, and the identical family units consisting of a male and female parent and a son and daughter. ""Almost every citizen in the community had dark eyes.  But there were a few exceptions.  Jonas himself, and a female Five who he had noticed the different, lighter eyes.  No one mentioned such things; it was not a rule, but was considered rude to call attention to things that were unsettling or different about individuals.""(p. Lowry 20)Using the word individual in this quote contradicts the message it is trying to convey because the goal of this community is to eradicate any form of uniqueness.In a Utopian society everybody's work is considered equal and important.  Yet the book includes undertones, which uncovers hierarchy within jobs.  When Lily confesses her desire to 'get assigned to be a birthmother' she is immediately chastised and is told ""There's very little honor in that Assignment.""(Lowry. p21)  This alone shows the societies unfavorable stance towards life when a job that is directly related to the giving of life is thought of as inferior.Overall Lowry's Utopian society exemplifies a lack of trust in human nature. Decisions are left up to 'The Elders' therefore eliminating any free will."
"I've read The Giver a few times to Grade 4 students and they love it. While only a few kids that age could read it independently, it's one of those books that seems to lift students up to its level of sophistication  and helps them mature by seeing our culture with a little removedness.Set in the future, it gives a horrifying glimpse into  ""perfection"". With everything safe and controlled, there's no  tolerance or allowance for error, for real feelings, for true thought. It's  a very colourless place! In fact, people have lost their ability to see  colour -- all except for a few. Jonas is one of them, although at first he  catches only brief glimpses and doesn't know what it is, just that for a  moment something looks ""different"". This is one of the very  powerful, sublte threads of the plot, the discovery that this different  look to things is actually colour. The reader doesn't know for a very long  time that this perfect world is in fact colourless, and when it finally is  revealed, my students are always shocked! (sorry if I'm giving away some  plot, but if you're a teacher and haven't read this book, it's good to know  to add some intrigue about this, as it is very subtle).One of the most  wonderful aspects about this book is that it makes us so very thankful for  the world we have, with all its imperfections. A perfectly safe world is  not so appealing afterall! It's certainly not without a very dark, secret  underbelly. What is ""Releasing?"" A discovery more shocking than  no colour! And this plot thread I won't give away!A good ""while  reading"" technique is to make a Venn diagram to compare ""The  Future Community"" to ""Our Community"", noting the  similarities and differences. It makes a good, thoughtful focuser for the  students.The ambiguous ending, I've found, leaves kids quite  dissatisfied. Many of them feel cheated. Personally, I think this is  wonderful, for it may be their first novel to not have all the loose ends  neatly tied. Lowry leaves room for their own interpretation. What I like to  do is not read the final chapter until after the kids have written their  own endings. This way they can better deal with the amibiguity at the end,  because they've thought it through to their own satisfaction already.I'd highly recommend this book if you love good, thought-provoking  literature. Lowry shows true genius, and stimulates very high-level  thinking."
"I read The Giver just a few days ago on the recommendation of a friend and found it to be one of the most thought provoking books I have read in years, and I read a lot!  Lowry seems to be trying to show, in an extremely artistic way, that in order for an emotion to truly exist, there must be a balancing antithesis. For there to be love, there must be war.  To truly experience beauty, you must also know repulsion.  Jonas realizes that his family and friends have never truly felt pain or saddness or anger, and that makes him feel extremely alone.  This ""painfree life"" is really nothing but a long gray death.'The Giver' is a challenge to you and to me, to the whole world, to never forget the memories. They are our responsibility to bear, and to share.I am 16 years old, an avid reader.  I have forgotten more plots than I remember.  I pray I will never forget this book."
"Required reading by the students at a Middle School where I teach.  I decided to read it in order to better assist the special needs students I work with.  I wanted to help them understand and I also wanted to be able to answer their questions.  The story starts out like any good plot should, but at some point about two-thirds to three-quarters of the way through, you reach a point where you realize that the author must have stopped writing for a considerable period and when she resumed, she had lost her original train of thought and went off on a completely illogical tangent that leads, ultimately, to a fizzled downer of an ending that seems to have been as others have said, a rush job to make it in time to the publishers.  The question that I pose to all students who read it is, ""If you could re-write the ending of this book, how would you end it?""  The responses are remarkably insightful, despite their middle school ages."
"At first when i had to read The Giver for my english class, I was ""This will be boring!"". When I came back from school, I started reading...and i couldn't stop! This is a unique story, the people are all the same. They live in a world with no music, or color or differences or true love. They take a pill to make them act like robots. The community gives them a job and a spouse and a family. They get their jobs at the 12th year. There is peace, but they don't have almost any feelings! Jonas is choosed to be the Receiver.  He will have all the memories of The Giver. He will have all the memories of the old times (colors, love, pain, loneliness, hapiness...), so he can be the wiseman of the community, he will make the best decisions for the peace of the community. But only one person cannot handle all these feelings and he feels apart from the others, he feels he can't fit in anymore, like when he was still a child. He grows too old for a kid of his age and the other kids don't understand him. Then he learns the end of every person released in to the ""Community's Elsewhere"". But he decides to control his own future. With the help of the Giver, he discovers that there is a different ""elsewhere"" for everyone, some place beyond the community, where the past, the present and the future are. This is a wonderful book, that made me smile and cry. I will never forget this book, who has strong feelings to communicate to the reader. I stopped reading sometimes, for a minute, and look around me, enjoy the colors, the music and the happiness of be free of my own feelings. This book is one of the best books I have ever read, i really love this book and I think everyone should read it."
I absolutely adore this story. I read it for the first time when I was 12 and I just read it again as I am about to give it to a group of girls I tutor. This book has some wonderful things to say about the beauty of life and the dangers of conformity. I would recommend it to anyone 11 or above because there are some things in it that may be a little too emotionally taxing for younger readers.
"I wanted to like this book much more than I actually did.  I pushed through each chapter eager to learn more about Jonas, Giver, the community and some unanswered questions.  Then all of a sudden, Giver is helping Jonas leave the community and the book ends with him and Gabriel in the snow....????  Did I miss something? And what's up with that red sled (from a memory) showing up at the top of the same hill ?.I do like books that make you think, ponder and then later wonder, ""what ever happened to ....or, I wonder why....""  but I was just irritated that the Giver abruptly transitioned and then ended with the rest of the story never told and questions left unanswered. No continuation and no real sequel.  One more chapter maybe? What happened to Jonas between the snow scene in the Giver and him showing up as Leader in the Messenger???  What about Gabe???  I cared about these people and then.....nothing.I was left with strange feelings after finishing this book.....like, that feeling you get when you reach out to shake someones hand and they don't reciprocate, but rather leave you hanging.  Or, being invited to dinner then ignored and expected to pick up the tab.  This book had so much more potential.  The author invited us to a great party and somewhere around 11:30, when things were getting good, she up and goes to bed.This was a bittersweet book, (I'll admit it more sweet than bitter, ) that left a lingering residue that I wish a Receiver could take from me.  The decisions the author made to move the characters from Sameness into Nothingness while I wasn't looking was most bothersome.  Did she become bored with her own characters?  Seems like we were all abandoned on this journey.  I think it only proper to be asked for forgiveness for this rudeness."
"I read and loved this book in middle school when it was part of the required reading. I wish that I had loved it as much this second time around. I decided to reread this book because the fourth book in The Giver Quartet came out this past october, and I wanted to be able to have read all of the books and kept them in memory.I have to thank my seventh grade English teacher for giving me the love of this book as well as teaching it so well that I still remembered a lot of it even though I read it almost ten years ago. I could remember that one of the memories that Jonas receives was the red sled, and how he passed memories onto Gabriel, and how bummed he was that he did that even though he continues to do it.I loved Jonas felt this sense of wrongness as he learned more about life past the sameness. I think that it would have been a little better had Lowry better described that there was this sameness earlier in the book rather then when we meet The Giver and he is introduced to the colors and other part of life he didn't know he was missing.I'm looking forward to starting the rest of the series, although it is my understand that the books don't continue with Jonas and his quest to escape the Sameness."
"Not sure how this won a Newbery.  It is incredibly well written but woefully incomplete.Lowry did a masterful job setting up a story, revealing the depth of shock the main character feels as a veil is removed from in front of his eyes.  It helps when he is forced to try to see the world through the eyes of those he loves before making a difficult decision.But then it seems the Lowry was bored or had a looming publish date.  The Giver hatches a hasty plot (a quick shock is exposed about the Giver's past that you want to know more about), and it seems like the book is over 10 pages later.For all of the fanfare, I was hoping for an Ender's Game or Hunger Games or Dune.  What I received was a book that was over when it was just beginning.What happened to the main charcter?  What happened to the town?  What happened to the friends Jonas cared about?"
"The Giver was a good book. The story captivated me, but something was missing in it. I was always hoping for something more to happen. The book in my opinion was way to short (188 pages). The ending was just horrible. I wanted so bad for the next book to be the continuing story, but it does not. For such a great story I am disappointed that I will not learn was happens to Jonas, the Giver, or the community...I am not one for drawing my own conclusions..."
"Read it as a big kid - loved it.Read it as a not-exactly kid - loved it.Arguments that ""The Giver"" is not a suitable book for kids come from adults. I'll put it simply. When my fifth grade teacher told the class we were going to be reading this book, I was happy. I'd already read the book. Every week, once a week on Fridays, the entire class gathered round and we listened to our teacher reading ""The Giver"" out loud. We analyzed it in class, and every single one of us (including those who hated books and reading) loved it.Some people say that ""The Giver"" is inappropriate for children because it deals with death and other difficult social issues. This is the reason adults don't like it? If that's the case, they need a reality check. We'd already studied about the Civil War in school (mentioned in the book). We knew what the word ""starvation"" means. We understood the concept of ""death"". Maybe we didn't fully understand population control, but we knew it existed. Unnecessary sheltering is silly. This book drew us in with the first sentence. It opened our minds to things we knew OF, but didn't fully understand. It brought to light things that nobody ever wanted to mention because they were concerned we were too young. This is exactly what made the book wonderful.It's not just the world image that's interesting. I fell in love with Jonas the moment the book started. He's an easy character to relate to, no matter what sort of a person you are. I connected to his need for accuracy. Others connected to his friendships and personality. All of the characters felt real at the beginning, but only halfway through do we realize how fake everything is. It was wonderful to reread the book and note all of the little things that had been hinted at, that only later became clear and necessary.This book is not just about a future void of differences. It's about relations between people, it's about being different, and it's about a boy who's trying to do his job, stay normal, but is realizing that he can't. The Giver himself is also a fascinating character that we very quickly learn to love like a grandfather. We see him at his best, and at his worst. We see humanity in an ignorant way.And yes, it's a children's book. Adults may find that the writing style is too simple for them. It's perfect for pre-teens. It's got enough of a plot to keep them interested, and isn't too difficult to read. It's a wonderful book that I don't think I'll ever stop loving.I recommend this book whole-heartedly. It's honestly one of the best books I've ever read."
"This is one of the few books that stays with me from my childhood (I am a high school senior now).  My friends and I still have discussions about this book from time to time.  It will always be a favorite of mine.I remember how entranced I was when my librarian first read it to me. It was probably my first exposure to a book with fantasy/science fiction elements and is probably what incited my interest in that genre.  I am forever indebted to Lowry for writing this book and stimulating the thoughts of a little girl all those years ago.I really have to compliment Lowry on her amazing skill.  In her novel, she has created a world very different from our own; one free of pain, suffering and fear.  However, the cost of living in such a world, as Jonas, the main character, will discover, is very high.  This novel shows the reader the value of his or her right to make decisions. In addition, the Giver, in its counter-utopian standpoint, reminds us that without the dark, one can never truly appreciate the light.  How wonderful can love and comfort be when one has never experienced pain or sorrow?  How enjoyable is the sudden burst of warmth one feels upon entering a house if one has never played for hours in the cold?  In order to fully appreciate the good in the world one needs something to compare it against. Everything is relative."
"Lois Lowry is one of those unique authors who has won the John Newbery Medal for children's literature twice. Once for the first book in this trilogy and once for a book about the Holocaust called Number the Stars. (Just as an aside only one other author has ever done that Madeleine L'Engle who I would also recommend highly.) I would begin by recommending any of her books; they are all worth the time and the effort.  This trilogy is set in a post apocalyptic world. The first two books each focus on different community's who have recovered from the devastation differently, both have strengths and both have weaknesses. And a young boy must heal them both and the land if either is to survive.The GiverLois LowryLaurel-Leaf BooksISBN:0440219078Jonas is a young boy who lives in a community with a lot of technology and many rules about it. He has only seen an airplane twice for planes were not suppose to over fly villages, it was against the rules. Children of the same age are raised together and each December they move up a grade, when the reach the age of twelve they are selected for occupational training Jonas in talking to his friend states about selections: ""Jonas Shrugged. It didn't worry him, how could someone not fit in? The Community was so meticulously ordered, the choices so carefully made."" However all the other Twelve's were assigned and Jonas was skipped then at the end of the ceremony it was announced that he had been selected he was chosen to become the `receiver of memory.' He was to learn all the history and story of the people and become an advisor to the council that ruled the village. It only happened every so many generations and only 1 keeper of memories was installed in each village. Jonas and his family take in an infant who is not maturing and growing quickly enough. The child is given a year extension, when the child is marked to me replaced (abandoned and killed). Jonas takes the child and runs away. Through the winter Jonas knows he will not make it and pours all the memories he has learnt into the child. But can he save the child? What will happen to him and his community? Jonas thought his world was perfect, that the elders had everything under control, that there would never be war again. But also a world without choices. Till he is given the knowledge of the past the choice to save a child or let it die?Gathering BlueLois LowryLaurel-Leaf BooksISBN:0440229499Kira, is an orphan and she has a twisted leg, she lives in a village with very little technology and one that casts aside those who do not contribute. The weak, injured, and helpless are abandoned. However things are starting to turn around for Kira, she has been spared by the all powerful Council of Guardians, for she has a gift she is a weaver and can die cloths in ways no other in the community can. As an artisan she is installed in the palatial Council Edifice and spends the whole year working her trade, her primary task is to care for the Robe of Remembrance that tell's the story of this community. But with her privilege comes expectations that she will do the council biddings. She befriends a young boy and his ragged dog, Matty `The Fiercest of the Fierce'. Matt tells Kira about another village where people are not cast aside, where they share their food. Matt brings her a gift the color blue, and a blind man that is her father. She is torn between staying and leaving the life she knows, and the truths she can find out what will happen.MessengerLois LowryThomas Allen & SonISBN:0618404414Matt has returned he is with Kira's father and living in the new community from beyond yonder. This village is guided by love and compassion, and guided by the `Leader' a seer arrived in this village one winter night many years ago on a sleigh with an older boy who did not survive the journey. The Seer can see the future and can often see for people what might be for his people. Matty is almost at the age where he will be named, he is hoping to be named `Messenger' for he takes message both in the village and to other villages which many can not do. But things are changing, the village is becoming hostile, starting to turn people away and the woods are becoming ferial and people are dieing. Can the Leader save the village, can the world be healed, what will happen to Kira, her father and Matty?These three books will challenge you, after reading The Giver the first time I was overwhelmed and it haunted me for a long time. I went back and have reread it many many times. All three books raise questions about community, love, friendship, and care for other people. They also show dark paths that we as a people can go down, and how it can devastate all around us when we make the wrong choices for the wrong reasons."
"Lois Lowry's The Giver has been enjoyed by generations of young adults, and older ones as well. It is a very good book with superficial and deeper meanings, and is a great study in contrasts and how our society might one day turn out. It just seems basic, written in a simplistic style. It is easy to follow, easy to understand, and fun to analyze. Deeper messages abound, and it has a few morals and interesting lessons about family, friends, and relationships tossed in as well. It also deals with the idea of being different in a world where everything feels the same. It has good development, and I highly recommend it to middle school students and anyone who hasn't read it. An old classic for modern times in a future world, it is truly generation-spanning. Having read The Giver multiple times, I still am not enthralled by it. However, I prefer elaborate stories, so don't be put off it. I myself did not love it, but it's worth being read."
"I got this book and decided to read it before I let my son read it, as recommended by the other reviewers on here. I'm glad I did. It is a book that would be worth reading, but is NOT appropriate for a child of any age. Perhaps a teenager, but definitely not a young child. Also, what the other reviewers say is true about the ending of this book. The book is fairly well written until the end. It's like the author ran out of time, or else ran out of story idea, and just abruptly ends the book! The boy escapes with a baby, trying to save it's life, but then the story literally just ends! They are going down a sled, and the book just stops. What happens to them? Do they die? Do they live?? Do they find other people in a town or just freeze to death?? There is no warning that the story is about to end, except that you see that you are running out of pages. I would have actually rated the book with four stars, for the rest of it, had it not been for the completely abrupt and poor ending. I would not recommend it for children, as there are several inappropriate things for a child under the age of about 14 or so, but the actual book itself is decent until the end. The reason I feel that it is not appropriate for a younger child/preteen are as follows:It covers such things as sexual arousal in the young boy, as he starts having wet dreamsIt discusses killing babies, old people, and anyone who disobeys the rules more than twice. For example, the author goes into graphic detail about how the baby is killed, by describing the scene where the father is injecting the baby with a lethal dose of something through the fontanelle (soft spot) on the baby's head. Jonas discovers that all of the people who are ""released"" are actually killed by lethal injection.It covers descriptions of such things as war injuries, broken bones jutting out of skin, etc.For those able to handle this type of subject matter, it would be fine, but just be prepared for a very abrupt ending with many loose ends that never get tied up...you are left hanging to wonder what happens (and not in a good way) because after building the story, it literally just stops with no explanation. I've never read a book that did this quite this badly. Had I realized it was going to end this way, I would not have actually read the book at all. However, until the end, it's a pretty well written book with an interesting storyline. It makes you see what life would be like without choices, pain, colour, memories, proper family, etc. It also shows the burden that would come in knowing what real life is like without being able to share it with anyone else."
"This is a complex, beautiful book that offers a look into a futuristic dystopia in which there is no color, no aberation, no hot or cold, and no personal choices.  Drugs are taken to repress sexual urges and even out temprament, and careers are chosen for children based on their aptitude.  Children are raised in prearranged family units.  There is no privacy and no personal choice, but is this really a bad thing if people have no concept of those things?  There is no hunger, emotional pain, violence, crime, war, or sadness.Growing up in this world is Jonas, a bright 12 year old who is about to receive his career assignment.  He is given the important but extremely rare job of ""Reciever"": the keeper of ""memories"" of what life was like before the creation of his utopian world.  Slowly, he begins to see color, to learn what love, hate, death, and heartbreak are like.  He begins to understand that some of the ""happy"" things around him maybe aren't so happy.The brilliance of this book is that the world unfolds gradually.  Lowry does not hit us over the head with an up-front description: in fact, the place starts out sounding fairly normal if a bit Montesori.  Slowly, though, the reader realizes quite how foreign this world is.  Lowry is a deft writer with an excellent sense of subtlety.Ultimately, this book is about the importance of cultural memory.  The idea of cultural memory is probably a new one for kids, and some of the concepts of death and destruction might be a little disturbing, so I recomend that parents read this book too so that they can discuss it with their children.  This in no way means that I think that it is innapropriate for kids: I just think that it is an amazing starting point for discussion about what makes us human.  Please read my review of ""A Wrinkle in Time"" (also made today) for my thoughts on how these two books are related.This is a moving, thought-provoking book that is a great read for adults as well as kids.  Adults might find it interesting that the idea of a drugged-to-make-them-""normal"" population where everyone is encouraged to analyze and discuss every aspect of their lives sounds eerily familiar..."
"I am not usually very interested in science - fiction books, but I'd have to say this book, ""The Giver"", which is both science - fiction and fantasy, without a doubt, is one of the best books I've ever read.  I would describe this book as very unique and unusual.  ""The Giver"" will lead the reader to a whole new world.  This utopian society that the author had created is seen through the eyes of the main character, Jonas.  This society that Jonas is living in has no emotional or physical pain, crime, suffering or disease.  It is where everything is perfect except for the part that there is no colour and no freedom of choice, and even `love'.  All these things were left out of the community because of the problems all these things caused in the world of the past.  When Jonas turns twelve, just like everyone else, he receives a job selected by the elders but unlike the usual, Jonas is singled out and is selected to be the Receiver of Memory.  He gets special training from the Giver.  The Giver alone holds the memories of the truth, pain, and pleasure of life.  It is his job to pass these memories to Jonas.  Now it is time for Jonas to receive the truth.  There is no way out.  This book, ""The Giver"", has a very mysterious and puzzling ending that keeps the reader pondering.  The ending is left to the imagination of the reader.  This book will make you think.  It will make you actually look at the world you are living in.  If I had the chance to edit some parts of the book, I wouldn't have anything to change because this book is perfect just the way it is.  It is a great book and I would rate it 4.5 out of 5.  It is very inspiring and a book that you will not regret reading."
"The ethically inspired theme of Lois Lowrys The Giver is told from the point of view of a young boy named Jonas.  Jonas lives in a futuristic culture where there are no feelings of pain, fear, anxiety, or grief.  The societys lack of variance and competition is due to the members of the community looking and behaving the same way.  The society has eliminated the ability to have choice, which results in the community members being assigned spouses and jobs at the age of twelve.  These assigned jobs are the occupations that the members will be part take in for their entire lives.  On Jonas twelfth birthday, he is assigned Receiver of Memories which was previously held by The Giver. The role of Receiver of the Memories is to contain all of the memories of hurt and pleasure that the previous life used to have. The Giver gives all of the past memories to Jonas which causes Jonas to wonder what the members of his community are truly missing out on by having such a protected lifestyle.  By being so sheltered, the members of his community do not have the opportunity to relish and appreciate joy and happiness in life. The nonexistence of color, uniqueness, and personal choice cause Jonas pain, which results in his decision of change in the society. Lois Lowrys ability allow the reader to indulge themselves in Jonas character is remarkable.  I believe the plot of the story is varied in preference; however, I thoroughly enjoyed the book.  The Giver derives the question, Is being protected from lifes negative aspects worth being deprived the joy that life presents?"
"The Giver had an interesting concept, however as the book progressed it became less clear how the Giver and the Receiver kept what they had from the rest of the community.  I kept looking forward to some sort of satisfactory conclusion, even to the point of starting the next book in the series, which appears to share neither the characters nor setting of The Giver.  This first book left me with the feeling of a cruel and selfish society which were, as a whole, untouched by the richness of what makes life worth living.  Then the ending felt like a death of hope, which was further emphasized by the start of the 2nd book.This is a strange fantasy book, without a positive resolution to the issues raised."
"The Giver was one of the most interesting books to read.  It was very easy to read, and I would really recommend it to people of all ages.  These people lived in a world where there were restrictions on practically everything.  Even left over food was to be recycled.  But for a community that was to be so perfect, well I've got my own response.  When Jonas was picked to be the new reciever he was very scared because he really did not know what to think.  Jonas and the Giver developed a friendship that could last forever.  But I believe that the best thing that could ever happen to him was to just plain and simply leave his home.  But what really got to me was the fact of how they decieved others of what being released really meant.  The fact that they killed the lighter of the twins just because there could not be two of them was one of the most cruelest things yet.  But in a so called perfect society I believe things like that would happen every day.  It's just the only two people who knew what feelings where just couldn't take it anymore.  Jonas left and the Giver had been living ten years of grief because his only daughter Rosemary had wanted to be realeased.  So if you have an hour or so to spare this book would be a great one for you to read.  Or if you were interested in what you might think the future would be like in another 100 years I believe this would give you some insight."
"The Giver was amazing!  It was about a boy named Jonas who lives in a community of Sameness.  Where everything is the same and safe.  Nobody has to worry about emotional pain.  Everything was perfect until the Ceremony of 12.  That's when everybody in his age group was assigned an assignment.  When the Chief Elder skipped Jonas the crowd became uneasy.  They paid attention to the rest of the assignments but were still anxious about Jonas.  After the last assignment the Chief Elder announced a selection.  Jonas was selected to be the reciever, the most honored job in the community.  Jonas starts his training and experiences pain, joy, and even more in depth feelings.  Things he's never felt before.I finished this book in 2 days.  That means it was a very good book. (And it earned me an A in reading)  Recently our Reading teacher read aloud Gathering Blue which, like The Giver, was set in the future.  This book was much easier to tell though because of the memories, having technology, and because of the animals.  Also they were alike because Lois Lowery left you hanging at the end.  She wanted you to have imagination and figure out the ending on the own.  And I still wonder if the boy with light eyes in Gathering Blue is Jonas or not.Overall this book was excellent!"
"In the wonderfully imaginative mind of Lois Lowry, a futuristic Community has been created where there is no more war, no more suffering, no more starvation, no more unemployment, no more choices.  Everyone is seemingly happy.  This is where a Twelve named Jonas lives.  He is selected one day to be the Receiver of Memory of his society by the Elders of the Community.  This is the highest honor to receive and at first Jonas is nervous, but excited to start training.  But once under the instruction of his mentor, The Giver, who teaches him the truth about the choices his ancestors made, Jonas begins to understand the pain involved in bearing the burden of truth.  Together with the Giver, he makes the tough decision to initiate change, if he can survive long enough to do so.This book was one of the most engaging books I have ever read. Lowry has a talent for creating memorable characters and uses stark details that place the reader right alongside Jonas.  She also has a knack for lucid pacing and dialogue.  This book examines the question of the choices we might make to ""make this world a better place,"" and the sacrifice that comes with comfort. I recommend this novel to readers of all ages."
"The Giver is the story of a ""ideal"" society whose inhabitants are keeped completely ignorant of the outside world, an ignorance their keepers think makes up the perfect society. Jonas is the main character of the story and until he is chosen to be the only one to experience any feeling what-so-ever, up to that point he is completly apathetic toward everything in his world except for what is good and not good. The story goes through jonas's journey of enlightenment and understanding that there is no pleasure without pain and that there is no such thing as an ideal society."
"The book tells a village, no wrong word, it's community, which everything is ""Sameness"", that means everything is the same.  The people there can't see color, nor feel any feelings.  There is this child, Jonas, which been select to be a Receiver of Memory.  The Giver, which was the  previous receiver giver Jonas memory of feelings, color, and pain.  But,  Jonas felt alone by having the power, he wanted to share the feelings.  Then he made one with the Giver.  I'm not going to tell you the rest.  I  want you to find out the unexpected ending."
"The Giver is  a futuristic tale that demonstrates to the reader a possible approach to a utopian society.  It clearly illustrates that the loss of freedom in such a society is a trade off for  ""perfection.""  Creativity is a threat instead of valued. Longevity is inappropriate.  Thinking is not allowed.This book is an outstanding tool for the  individual reader and the middle school classroom. The projects and  discussions are endlessly possible, completely the opposite of the  existence of the people who populate this novel."
"Jonas lives in a world where everything is done for him and everything is chosen for him. He has no idea of the outside world. This story is wonderful. He meets the Giver, a man who is the only one in the community  who has experienced true joy and grief. Jonas must recieve from him, but  Jonas can't handle it, he must do something. He doesn't feel safe anymore.  The Giver will help him. He will face something with bravery and heart, to  truly see through the eyes of the Giver. Masterpiece! Loved it like crazy!  Touching, but unreal."
"This story presents a world that is so wonderful it's terrifying. The book is well-written, short, easy to read and understand, but, in my opinion, that does not make it a kid's book. I think children lack the past-present-future perspective necessary to successfully experience this story. Even adults can get lost in its depth and miss the true meaning of the circumstances and choices made by the characters and the consequences of these choices. In any case, if you enjoy dystopian fiction, you should not miss this book."
"Characters:Jonas, Lily, Jonas' Mom, Jonas' Dad,The Giver,GabrielSetting and Time: The setting is in so-called a perfect world with many different points of view of life.  The time is really whenever you want it to be but I think it is in the future.Review: After reading the book, ""The Giver,"" written by Lois Lowry it changed my perspective towards life. Jonas, a 12-year-old boy, living in is what to be a Utopia has just been selected to become the next, ""Receiver of Memory,"" a very powerful job in the community.  Everything is going well until Jonas finds out the truth about his community's past from The Giver.  Jonas has feelings not many other people have and Jonas has a  drastic plan to make the community differently.  He takes with him his most precious being in his dwelling, Gabriel.  Read this amazing book to find out its weird but great ending. This book, ""The Giver,"" conveys a feeling of confusion but as the story progresses all the knots in the story untie at the end of the book.  This story is so abstract in most of the chapters you'll have to re-read the chapter for it to make sense.  The book has a sense of belonging towards the end because of the book's actions.  This book is well written and has been rewarded with a Newberry Honour Award.  The book deserves this award for its continuous page turning action all the way to the end.  The Giver is one of the best books I have read in my life.  The Giver should have a chance to be read all cross the country by each student in grade 6, 7 and 8.  This book should be read all over the world. I give this book a four and a half stars out of five because it deserves a great deal of respect ans has little flaws that do jump out at the reader.  I recommend this book to anyone over the age of 11 but they have to be mature enough to handle certain situations."
This is a great book for young adults.  This book is about a world that has certain rules to abide by and is unnone to our type of people.  This world is not allowed to feel any type of emotions.  They don't know what  love or pain is.  This world is very restricted.  There is a boy named  Jonus who is the main character of the story.  At the age of 12 the kids in  the community get their life jobs.  This is a great book for young adults.
"This is probaly the best book I have ever read.  Lois Lowry did a great job on this book. It is a story of a boy named Jonas who lives in a totalitarianism community, or a perfect community.  They are given Assignments for their jobs and he becomes the reciever of memories when he is twelve. This is the most honored, important, and painful Assignment there is. Read more of The Giver to see how good this book really is."
"For those who have ever felt like the world was missing akeyelement; for those who have felt special, The Giver is a book abouta young boy named Jonas who recieves the truth.  The society in The Giver shelters its citizens.  This book shows, through Jonas' relationship with the Giver, how humanity is meant to live.  Rules and government that restrict feeling, whether they be positive or negetive, is harmfull to us."
"I thought that the giver was a very good book, it was very suspensful and I really got in to it.  Some people may not like this book if you don't like sci-fi or if you are not a ""in depth"" reader.  I loved it  but the ending was a little confusing but a side from the begining I had to  keep reading it was like a big magnet pulling me in and I'm only 13.  Your  parents might like this book, mine did."
"I've grown fond of children's books.  We take better care of our children than we do ourselves. We encourage our children to eat their vegetables whether we do ourselves or not.  We encourage them to play outside whether we exercise or not.  We care about what they are allowed to read, while we read trash.We should be concerned about what our children read.  Reading is an intimate experience.  When we read, we let someone else come inside our brains, walk around, and leave things. Sticks and stones can break your bones, but books can change the way you think. We are right to care about the sorts of things our children invite into their minds, and this concern has led to a children's literature that's better in many respects than what is supposed to be ""adult"" literature.I was converted to children's books in stages, as my children started being interested in reading, but the final step-the icing on the cake-was a book entitled The Giver, by Lois Lowry. It can be read in a few hours, but that does not decrease its impact, which is something like that of a sledgehammer. It is the story of a boy named Jonas who lives in what seems to be an ideal world.  There is no crime, no hunger, and no dissatisfaction. Everyone is in the profession that best suits his talents. It appears to be ideal.  The Greeks had a word for a place like this, and that word was ""Utopia"".  It shows the keen insight of those old Greeks that the word means ""nowhere"".  Nowhere is perfect. Nowhere is without problems.While the Community in which Jonas lives is without strife, it also lacks a great many other things.  On the way to achieving the ""perfect"" community, certain sacrifices have been made. Jonas discovers this when he turns twelve and is assigned his life profession, The Receiver of Memories.  Part of the price paid for utopia is loss of connection to the past. The children of the Community are not raised by their biological parents, but by foster parents who are deemed suitable for the job of parenting. After the children of the community are grown, they lose connection with their foster parents, so even family history is lost.  One might think about the impact this would have on the situation in the Middle East. There wouldn't be any fighting for the Promised Land.  The Promise would all be a part of the forgotten past.  For those of us who would like to see peace, this notion might be quite appealing.However, Lowry's insight is that a person without a past is a person without a future.  While there is virtue to be had by living in the present in the metaphorical sense, living entirely in the present without connection to the Eternal is sterile.Jonas's role as Receiver of Memory is necessary for the Community because basic survival does require some knowledge of the human past, but this knowledge is a great burden, as human history is full of pain.  The Receiver of Memory remembers these unpleasant things so others won't have to.  The decision was made to remove this unpleasantness from the Community's conscience.  In reading this, I was reminded that some people shudder at the bloody passages in the Old Testament and regret their inclusion in the Bible.  Sometimes fiction is not far from the truth.But in forgetting pain, much that was pleasant has also been forgotten: Snow, sunny days, and the love of a family.  Bad weather is inconvenient, and so the weather is controlled.  Sexual yearnings cause problems, and so they are eliminated by taking a pill.  Even love has been removed.This brings up another theme of the book, the use of language. Children are continually urged to use language precisely.  Once Jonas asks his foster father if he loves him and is told that love is a meaningless word.  His foster father says that he is very fond of Jonas, but that he couldn't possibly love him because there is no such thing.Yet we, the reader, know that there is such a thing, and in the course of gaining the memories of the community, Jonas discovers not on does love exists, but that he is capable of it in its deepest form.Though there is never an explicit reference to religion, one might almost see The Giver as sequel to the story of the Fall of Man in the book of Genesis.  In eating from the Tree of Knowledge, Man is separated from nature and separated from God.  Mans knowledge of the universe and how to manipulate it enables him to control.  The world shown in The Community in The Giver is one that logically follows from that separation.  The Community controls everything, the weather, and the sexual urges of the young.  The separation from nature is complete, and perhaps so is the separation from God.The theologians have a name for the complete separation from God, and that name is ""Hell.""  Hell is not usually presented as being so clean as the Community, nor its people as being so polite, but somehow I do believe that, like the Community, Hell is made-to-order by man.The most frequent complaint that one sees about the book is about its ending.  It would be an understatement of massive proportions to say that my twelve-year-old, the Middle-Child, found the ending to be very frustrating.  However, it need not be if one takes it at face value, and that is all I am going to say.The next time you would like a good, short read, and if you are tired of being force-fed someone else's sexual fantasies, let me recommend The Giver.  If nothing else, it will make you think."
"I give The Giver four stars because it is a great book, but the ending is one which I myself did not understand.  The Author, Lois Lowry, obviously put a lot of thought into each individual character. When you read the book it is as though the characters are there around you. You can  see them. They come alive in your mind. Jonas, is a young boy who does not  see the world with the same eyes as us, for he has grown in a community  different from those in which we  grew. There nothing has great importance  as they do to us. Then his life is changed in a way his fellow citizens can  not understand. Everything in his life is different. As you read, you can  feel the pain that Jonas feels. It is some of the best characterization I  have ever read.  The community in which Jonas lives in strangely  different from ours. Lois Lowry brings the community to life. She explains  in detail how the community does certain things to keep perfection. It is  as though she  is in this community writing what she sees and hears, yet  this community does not exist in real life. She lets you see into the ways  of the community. For example, each night at dinner a certain amount of  food is given to each family. If the family does not eat it all at supper  they must put it in a container and set it on their doorstep so that the  city maintenance crew can pick it up. This is something new to the reader  and Lois Lowry brings it to life.  Love is something that the  community does not have. The pills they are required to take stops all  feeling. Yet, when Jonas stops taking the pill and works with the Giver, he  knows what love , sadness, happiness and loneliness are. He is starved for  feeling. He does not like the idea that the Community has been deprived of  such things. He knows it needs to change. This book is truly one that show  the characters feeling. I think that Lois Lowry put a lot of emotion into  this book.  It is a superbly written piece and I see why it received  the Newbery Award."
"The Giver is one of the most amazing books that I have ever read. When Jonas felt pain, I too felt pain. Lois Lowry describes in such great detail that the reader feels as if they are the character. It's no wonder this won the Newberry! If you haven't already read it, DO SO NOW!!! It is appropriate for anyone over the age of about 10. if you're a fan of the Shadow Children or Left Behind: the Kids series' (as I am of both) then I promise you will LOVE this book! It's definitely one of the best I've ever read. If this review was helpful to you, PLEASE SAY YES! Please help me in raising my position on Amazon's site. Thank you!"
"My middle school teacher recently used ""The Giver"" for a reading class assignment.  Several years ago I read ""Gathering Blue"" for my own enjoyment.  Both of these books are by the author Lois Lowry.Overall, I think these books are great.  In ""The Giver"",  Lois Lowry creates a world where society is peaceful but very boring.  The people in the Community know nothing about true pain, or love, or death because they are sheltered from it.  At birth, they are born into a world which is shielded from anything in life that can harm them physically or mentally.  Lois Lowry uses interesting dialogue and unexpected plot twists to keep the reader interested in this world and its people.  The main characters are mostly children around 7 to 12 years old.  Some adults interact with these characters.  Some are teachers and others are parents.  In fact, The Giver himself is an old man.I would not say that this is a happy book.  In fact, there are some disturbing ideas in it.  There is a part of the book that refers to children being deliberately killed.The parents of younger readers may not want their children exposed to this kind of subject matter.However, I and other kids in my class found Lois Lowry's ""The Giver"" to be a very interesting read.  I loved it, and went on to read her book ""The Messenger"" which uses characters from The Giver and Gathering Blue.If you like science fiction/fantasy literature, then you might like these books."
"What can be said about this book that has not been said many times before.  I just feel compelled to attempt and add something to the other comments made about this book.The novel centers around the idea of choices and consequences.  If we choose one thing we may loose the opportunity for something else.  A choice made today has unimaginable consequences days and maybe years later.  The fate of the whole ""world"" lies with Jonah and how he chooses to use his powers and gifts, and Jonah feels completely unprepared for this.  He's forced into dealing before he is ready.  This book is an excellant read for adolescents.  They are faced with choices each day and are so often incapable of seeing the consequences.The ending is ambiguous.  We are left wondering what really did happen.  This book is the first in a loosely connected series, and the answers will not come to you until you have read Gathering Blue and The Messenger, both of which are equally excellant books.I must say my peace about these books again though.  A fourth grader may be able to read these books based on the vocabulary and basic story line, but a fourth grader will not be able to appreciate these books for what they are truly worth.  The theme of creating a utopia and the disposal of the elderly are ideas that I don't think are appropriate for younger students.  Please reserve using these books for middle school or high school students."
"I enjoyed reading this book, but did not love it. It had a good message about the colors of difference, choices, fresh experiences and emotions--whether they be good or ill. But I felt it was missing depth. It resembles more the simpleness of an Aesop fairy tale."
"At first glance, The Giver, a mere 180 pages easily readable in a single sitting, seems to be the average teenage novel.  The plot and characters are fairly easy to comprehend and you don't have to be in an honors class to understand and appreciate this book.  When I first read it in 6th grade, I thought The Giver was pretty cool.  It's basically the story of how Jonas, a young boy, struggles with his totally concrolled life and eventually begins to break loose.  He learns that while his society may be safe, having no choices and no freedom is not really living.  Now, 5 years later, I read it again and am totally awestruck at the depth contained within this small novel.  Moving beyond the plot and characters, I began seeing the social commentary and warnings that Lois Lowry had set in place.  It honestly made me think about the world, and in fact, the thought of a life such as Jonas' is deeply disturbing.  Imagine a world without color, without music, without love.  A very scary notion, which makes for a truly awesome book.  I highly reccomend it for readers of all ages.  Grown-ups and middle schoolers alike with both enjoy this wonderful novel."
"I find it hard to believe that this book is ""bad literature."" Don't believe the low-star reviews by kids who will not understand the deeper meaning, advanced ideas and vocaulary, or grammar. Of course it will be boring to younger kids because there is no ""BOOM! CRASH!"" action like The Hunger Games. Everyone I knew who has read it enjoyed it very much because it made them think about lots of things. And, yes, it's disturbing and dark. Why wouldn't it be? It's a DYSTOPIAN NOVEL. Not a utopian novel. And boring? Well, it depends. If you wanted to see Jonas and the Giver go all out and battle people, it's not going to happen. The reason why Jonas decided to just leave was to 1) save Gabe and 2) have the people begin to remember the memories and deal with them. And no, parents, Jonas doesn't commit suicide. He's suffering from hypothermia with various other afflictions. Perhaps some are talking about Rosemary, but the fact is is that she wasn't strong enough to bear centuries worth of pain and suffering. And, yes, the ""release"" was really sickening and horrifying. It was supposed to, and the kids I know were looking pretty ill, too. Parents have the right to read and judge for themselves whether it will be an appropriate book for kids, but it's a good, thought-provoking book for young adults."
"Jonas, the main character, is born into a society that strives for perfection.  Everything in the society is regulated, from the weather to relationships.  To marry, one must apply and be approved.  Then he/she is given a mate whom the elders think is suitable.  One must also be approved to have children.  Children are brought into this society by women who have been selected.  All of their children are distributed to suitable homes.  There can only be two children to a family, a boy and a girl.  At age twelve, children are told what occupation they will fulfill.Jonas is told that he will be the Receiver of Memories for the community.  This is the most important position in their society.  Only one, carefully selected person holds this position.  Under the leadership of an old man, the Giver, Jonas realizes the truth about his community.  He must make a very important decision that will affect the future of his society.This Newbery Medal book is thought provoking and enriching for both young readers and adult readers.  Reading this book will remind the reader of the importance of our free will.  I strongly recommend this book for everyone.  It will impact you in an incredible way."
"I thought this was a very thought provoking and well written book. It's an easy book to read (most people probably read it in a day or two). This would be a perfect book for people who enjoy going to book clubs and discussing a book. You could have a discussion on it for hours.I however DID NOT like how the ending ended like that..... leaving it up for you to decide how you wanted it to end. The book needed to go into a more detailed ending leaving it as it did to me was a little unacceptable. (But that's why it is also a good book to discuss in a book club)I thought the book also did a poor job of explaining things that are kind of important like why no one could see color, how the Giver can pass on a memory with only a touch of his hand.... etc.....Regardless of the ending I think its great that elementary/junior high schools are having kids read this book. It's a book that's easy to read, it makes you think, it's a book that gives you something to talk about, it's a book where you can draw several different opinions on and have a very lively discussion which is all the qualities you look for in a book, especially for young people whose minds are still developing."
"""The Giver"" is one of the most provocative and thoughtful books that has an intriguing story line as well. Right from the first sentences, readers meet Jonas, a 13 year old boy, who's thoughts and observations sound very natural and familiar, like somebody you already know and care for.Page by page, a new world that is set in some distant future unfolds with its ""dangerous simplicity"". The wrong and right is not spelled out in the beginning of the book, so the reader has a chance to follow Jonas and to see everything and to decide for themselves. Jonas observations add up to questions, and he starts to see everything a bit differently, he starts to question himself if everything around him is exactly as it seems.Further, the story flows into a beautiful climax - Jonas meets the Giver - a person who has an ability to ""see beyond"", the ability that Jonas himself has as well and was chosen to develop it further as Giver's student. The Giver ""gives"" Jonas all kind of feelings and memories that humanity has accumulated but denied to burden themselves with. Instead, it was up to one person to know all there is to know and to ""shelter"" everyone else from it. But Jonas knows too much now, and he decides to take action - something that no one have ever succeeded at in the community - he decides to flee in search of other, ""real"" way of living.The book ends at even more provoking and intense note. But Jonas knows the truth now, and he is free to choose for himself. He is free to feel all there is to feel - excitement and pain equally...Julia ShpakAuthor of ""Power of Plentiful Wisdom"". Available on Amazon."
"One of the few books that I can ever read past the first few chapters, Lois Lowry's ""The Giver"" has easily made its way into one of my favorite books.  It's amazing how many only 170 some odd pages can work on so many levels- emotionally, socially, politically- and still pull it off.  Lowry perfectly brings a coming-of-age boy (Jonas) forced to live in a seemingly ""perfect"" community into receiving the truth about the past, a past where pain existed, a past where feelings existed.  Jonas' own naivete towards the world is the most interesting part of the book; watching him come to his own revelations about the very society he lives in, and the pure simplicity of his convictions: ""But we SHOULD have choices!"" Lowry leaves a lot of the book open for you to fill in the structure- she never really explains the whole concept of why people moved to ""Sameness,"" and I really think that's for the best.  I think it gives the message that maybe we really aren't made for perfection- because, perhaps, beauty comes in imperfection.  A classic."
"Jonas lives in a ""perfect"" world where war, disease, and suffering have all been eradicated.  Everything is in order; everything is under control.  The people have no worries or cares.  The Community strives for ""sameness,"" in which everyone and everything are the same and equal.  To help the Community function as a cohesive unit, each member is assigned a position in society.  When Jonas turns twelve, the Community selects him to be the new ""Receiver of Memories."" Only the ""Giver"" knows the truth and memories of the past, and now he must pass these memories on to Jonas.The Giver is a wonderful book.  Lois Lowry skillfully crafted an intriguing and profoundly thoughtful story.  She subtly creates an uneasy feeling that something is wrong with this ""perfect world.""  The Community's advisors intend to establish security within utopian society, but they really establish a stifling dystopia.  To protect people from the risks of making poor or wrong decisions in life, the advisors plan and dictate the lives of the people.  In effect, the citizens have no freedom of choice; they do not choose their job or even their spouse.  Moreover, the advisors inhibit the people's ability to feel because they want to spare them from the hardships and pain of life.  For instance, individuals must take a pill everyday, which suppresses passionate feelings.  The citizens do not know or experience true emotions like love.  One of the goals of the Community is to achieve ""sameness"" so that no one feels embarrassed or gets excluded for being different.  However, this limits individuality and freedom of expression because everyone conforms to a certain desired image.  Finally, to relieve the population of the horrors and devastation of the world and the past, the advisors isolate the Community from the rest of the world (also known as ""Elsewhere) and give the burden of holding the memories of the past to a single member of society: the ""Receiver.""  Therefore, the Community lives only in the present, and the people have a narrow perspective of life because they only know their community and way of life.  They are naive; they do not gain knowledge or wisdom from the memories.  While receiving the memories, Jonas learns a different and better way to live and realizes what he and the Community have been missing.  He decides that something must be done to change the current conditions and enlighten his community.Although it is a Newbery Award Winner, The Giver is a controversial book that has been challenged and even banned.  After parents complained that the violent and sexual passages were inappropriate for children, the Bonita Unified School District in California temporarily banned the novel from classes.  The Giver has been challenged in other school districts around the country for its ""mature themes"" of euthanasia, infanticide, and suicide.  I do not agree with banning and challenging of this novel.  It is a great book, and part of what makes it so great is the incorporation of these controversial issues.  They force readers to wrestle with their own thoughts and figure out their stance on the issues.  Good literature makes readers think.  Banning this book takes away the freedom of speech, the freedom to read, and the freedom to learn and explore.  The banning of The Giver is ironically similar to the actions of the Community that lead the Community to its suppressive and stifling state.  A powerful story, The Giver keeps readers in suspense, touches them, and stays with them for a long time.  I love this book, and I encourage everyone to read it."
"Imagine that you are in your late seventies, and - although you had a rich career as an English teacher - you have only a superficial concept of what the Newbery Medal is, probably because most of your teaching experience has involved senior high school students.Your son, himself a teacher of sixth graders, is discussing THE GIVER with you, sharing the enthusiasm of both him and his students for the novel.  In order to introduce you to his world of children's literature, he orders a copy for you.  Your daughter reinforces his sentiments, going so far as to lay claim that she and her family (all discriminating readers) thoroughly enjoyed the novel.Amazon downloads your Kindle copy.  You are intrigued by the countless memories of a lifetime carved in the face of the old bearded man on the cover.  You begin to read.Having recently joined an audio book club, you realize instantly that this is a book better appreciated through a visual absorption.  Some common words are capitalized, for example, and this distinction would be lost in a narrator's presentation.  Also, as language itself is extremely important in the book's community - the children always being corrected if they do not use the most accurate words possible - the typography (ellipses and italics come to mind) is crucial, and a case can be made for the value of visual as opposed to aural.It's a slow start.  The unidentified aircraft seems out of place in the December sky, and it quickly loses significance as part of the necessary exposition.  As the characters, and environmental, sociological, cultural, and governmental functions are revealed, you wonder when the action begins.  Too many bicycles neatly placed in their designated ports, too much repetition, so many meals eaten at precise times with no mention of what is being eaten, endless references to routine and sameness, and always community, community, community.  A disturbing sense of ennui skitters across your mind.  Why all the accolades for THE GIVER?Continue imagining that you are committed to completing the book for the sake of respecting your children, although it does occur to you that father, children, and grandchildren are not on the same page ... or even in the same book.  On and on it trudges.  No chapter titles - just a red 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 ...Seven, or the end of seven to be more word explicit, is where the action begins. The author suddenly jolts you into the so-called ""rising action.""  Finally it has begun, and - in spite of your age - you are pulled into the world of children's literature and a darned good story about an age of dystopia.You run a literary marathon and finish the rest of the book without stopping.  Your son said it would be like this, and it's nice that you continue to respect his intelligence, but you're not too certain of the reliability of your own.  You really didn't give Lois Lowry or her book or her talent a chance.  To be fair, you should have reread the first few chapters before continuing.But something's not right.  You liked the book, and were caught up in the terrible truths of the community, and were right there with Jonas and little Gabe through the final chapters.  Yet a certain satisfaction is missing.  You almost feel like saying, ""So?  It was good, but I've read better books.""Imagine then the memory of a bruised ego.  You're a retired teacher, for crying out loud ... sort of a Giver yourself.  To save what you can of self-respect and stave off complete humiliation (your son said, ""Can't wait to talk about it!""), you do a computer search, checking out Wikipedia and a few good book review sites.  And you make sure that your paucity of the Newbery Award is rectified.  You even reread the opening chapters, which, of course, at this point changes your entire perception of the novel.THE GIVER deserves the Newbery, and probably more, if for no other reason than the claim that its underlying theme - the giving and receiving of love- is the key to finding true happiness in this life.  Even though the book burners have managed to establish this book as inappropriate for young readers (according to the American Library Association's list of the most ""challenged"" books of the 1990s), THE GIVER continues to remain on countless other lists - those of middle school suggested reading titles. The book is taught even in higher level grades.Maybe it's good to stay in your own community and be happy in your own ignorance... sometimes.But just imagine if ..."
"Perhaps because it's so lauded I expected more. It's just a 1984, Brave New World, Farenheit 451, Animal Farm or Clockwork Orange for kids -- I guess. It just made me want to read those books instead.There were many unanswered questions at the end of the book. I would have liked to have known why the community was the way it was and how it got there. How did people only see in black and white? How did they get rid of the sun? How did they grow crops if there was no sun? Why are the birth mothers considered so stupid and low, yet they're giving birth to the entire community -- therefore giving birth to stupid kids? How come Jonas isn't stupid?Where is he at the end? It wasn't clear. Or I'm just too dumb to read into things.  I would have liked more of a ""fleshing out"" of the community instead of the bare bones we are given. I'll buy anything -- just sell it to me."
"Since this book is so critically acclaimed it is impossible to not know about it. I pushed off reading it for centuries. Then I saw the movie trailer and I thought ""why not? I enjoy reading books on utopian society's"" so I searched it and saw the incredible reviews so again I thought ""why not?"" The author did a really good job in the beginning. Great story line! The book was whimsical but twisted. Then the end came and I was completely let down. Authors enjoy leaving readers hanging and wanting more but she robbed us. She left so many questions and such an uneasiness. I looked frantically for a sequel but nothing. Her other books are attempts at recreating the giver. Extremely let down. Read at your own risk."
"Lois Lowry is one of those unique authors who has won the John Newbery Medal for children's literature twice. Once for the first book in this trilogy and once for a book about the Holocaust called Number the Stars. (Just as an aside only one other author has ever done that Madeleine L'Engle who I would also recommend highly.) I would begin by recommending any of her books; they are all worth the time and the effort.  This trilogy is set in a post apocalyptic world. The first two books each focus on different community's who have recovered from the devastation differently, both have strengths and both have weaknesses. And a young boy must heal them both and the land if either is to survive.The GiverLois LowryLaurel-Leaf BooksISBN:0440219078Jonas is a young boy who lives in a community with a lot of technology and many rules about it. He has only seen an airplane twice for planes were not suppose to over fly villages, it was against the rules. Children of the same age are raised together and each December they move up a grade, when the reach the age of twelve they are selected for occupational training Jonas in talking to his friend states about selections: ""Jonas Shrugged. It didn't worry him, how could someone not fit in? The Community was so meticulously ordered, the choices so carefully made."" However all the other Twelve's were assigned and Jonas was skipped then at the end of the ceremony it was announced that he had been selected he was chosen to become the `receiver of memory.' He was to learn all the history and story of the people and become an advisor to the council that ruled the village. It only happened every so many generations and only 1 keeper of memories was installed in each village. Jonas and his family take in an infant who is not maturing and growing quickly enough. The child is given a year extension, when the child is marked to me replaced (abandoned and killed). Jonas takes the child and runs away. Through the winter Jonas knows he will not make it and pours all the memories he has learnt into the child. But can he save the child? What will happen to him and his community? Jonas thought his world was perfect, that the elders had everything under control, that there would never be war again. But also a world without choices. Till he is given the knowledge of the past the choice to save a child or let it die?Gathering BlueLois LowryLaurel-Leaf BooksISBN:0440229499Kira, is an orphan and she has a twisted leg, she lives in a village with very little technology and one that casts aside those who do not contribute. The weak, injured, and helpless are abandoned. However things are starting to turn around for Kira, she has been spared by the all powerful Council of Guardians, for she has a gift she is a weaver and can die cloths in ways no other in the community can. As an artisan she is installed in the palatial Council Edifice and spends the whole year working her trade, her primary task is to care for the Robe of Remembrance that tell's the story of this community. But with her privilege comes expectations that she will do the council biddings. She befriends a young boy and his ragged dog, Matty `The Fiercest of the Fierce'. Matt tells Kira about another village where people are not cast aside, where they share their food. Matt brings her a gift the color blue, and a blind man that is her father. She is torn between staying and leaving the life she knows, and the truths she can find out what will happen.MessengerLois LowryThomas Allen & SonISBN:0618404414Matt has returned he is with Kira's father and living in the new community from beyond yonder. This village is guided by love and compassion, and guided by the `Leader' a seer arrived in this village one winter night many years ago on a sleigh with an older boy who did not survive the journey. The Seer can see the future and can often see for people what might be for his people. Matty is almost at the age where he will be named, he is hoping to be named `Messenger' for he takes message both in the village and to other villages which many can not do. But things are changing, the village is becoming hostile, starting to turn people away and the woods are becoming ferial and people are dieing. Can the Leader save the village, can the world be healed, what will happen to Kira, her father and Matty?These three books will challenge you, after reading The Giver the first time I was overwhelmed and it haunted me for a long time. I went back and have reread it many many times. All three books raise questions about community, love, friendship, and care for other people. They also show dark paths that we as a people can go down, and how it can devastate all around us when we make the wrong choices for the wrong reasons."
"The Giver is a very suspensful book.  It is a great book forall ages.  I would reccommend The Giver to be put on a requiredreading list.  It will intrigue you from the very first page to thevery last. The author did a great job keeping the reader interested throughout the whole book.  The Giver is about a boy named Joanes.  He lives in an ideal world.  There is no pain, no worries, and no memories.  Each person is assigned a certain role and that role is carefully chosen and well thoughtout . Each member in the community has to work in that job until they enter the house of the dead.  When Joanes is twelve years old he is assigned the most important role in the community.  This role requires power, strength, and courage. This job also requires pain, and emotional feelings Joanes may not be ready for.  When Joanes receives his training the world in his eyes is now seen in a different perspective.  His world is no longer a perfect world.  Joanes now realizes all the things and choices he is misssing out on.  This explores human's desire to live life to the fullest whether there are good things like pleasure and happiness or bad memories like war, hate and death.  Joanes realizes he is no longer happy and decides to do something very drastic. This decision could deeply impact the society Joanes lives in.  After reading this book it made me think in an entirely different way.  I realized that even though I do not get to do whatever I want, I still have the freedom to make choices, and ultimately I can choose my own path. It helped me appreciate my world for what it is, and realize that in order to feel true happiness, sometimes it is necessary, as happened with Joanes, to feel pain, sadness, worry, and uncertainty.  This book is the first book I have read that touched me to this extent. I hope many other people read this and get to experience what I have experienced."
"Set in a world completely different from ours, The Giver is an exceptional novel about everyday life in a community with no feelings, color, war, or pain. Everyone has a role, specially designed to help the society function precisely. The same activities are carried out from day to day. Everything seems perfect. Then all that changes for Jonas when he turns twelve and is selected to receive all the memories that the society has never known, memories that will change his life forever. As a result of brilliant craftsmanship and talent, the author used the strong elements of the story's setting, writing style, and a carefully planned out plot to attract any reader.The world that Jonas lives is unlike any place on our Earth. Everything is under control and perfectly planned out. Nothing surprising or unexpected happens in the community. Feelings have been eliminated, since they can lead to problems and would upset the perfect balance of their world. This futuristic place is interesting to read about because it is so unlike the places that truly exist. The author created a completely unique and fascinating world and amazingly brought it to life. From characters to daily activities, I was very interested in the entire setting.  In addition to her imaginative ability, Lois Lowry is an especially gifted author and has a very appealing writing style. The book uses wonderful descriptions, which definitely draw the reader in. Her rare imagination sets this book apart from all others. She writes at a slow pace, not rushing anything, expanding on details to let everything soak into the reader's mind. The story unravels slowly, but proves to be very thoughtful, not boring in the least. She truly succeeded at producing an insightful masterpiece based on a world we know nothing about.All the events in this story were woven together to create a very unpredictable plot. Since the world the characters live in is so different from ours, its impossible to foretell what will happen next, so the story definitely held my attention from beginning to end. First the story opens by telling of everyday life in the community, but changes drastically when Jonas turns twelve. Once he starts to receive memories from the Giver, he goes through happiness, pain, fear, and emotions he has never felt before. The worst part is that he is not able to share them with anyone. He must endure all of the pain in a world where no one but the Giver understands or has felt what he feels. Jonas knows he has to make them understand and that there is no way he can stay in this world. However, Jonas does not have the liberty to tell them and the only way to accomplish his desire is to break the rules. It is a risky endeavor, but he will do whatever it takes to escape from this world of no feelings, in a place where no one will understand unless they experience the memories for themselves. Not only does he want to escape, but has to in order to make his world right; the way things used to be.With great imaginative ability, the unique setting, writing style, and thoughtful plot of this remarkable book clearly show the fine talents of the author. The John Newberry Medal, along with the many other awards The Giver has received, proves that Lois Lowry has indeed created a literary masterpiece. I strongly recommend this book to readers of all ages. It will not only prove to be enjoyable, but also give you a new perspective on the world that you live in. Reading this book will leave you with a different outlook on life and a brightened sense of reality."
"I purchased the audio version of The Giver last year so one of my students whose comprehension is excellent but decoding skills are still emergent could read the book.  He enjoyed listening to it, so I decided to use it with my seventh grade class.  The man who reads the story has a pretentious way of talking that the students objected to.  That would have been tolerable, but there were two other glaring problems with the audio version of the book:1. There is music that plays randomly throughout the story.  This was distracting and detracted from the story.  I understand using music to signal the end of a CD (I am listening to an audiobook that does just that), but this music was in the middle of chapters.  It played behind a few very important scenes, scenes that were somber and serious.  Uplifting, new age music with somber and serious scenes?  Not for me.  More problematic was how distracting it was for the students, who were asking why there was music playing rather than listening to the story.2. The narrator seemed to think Jonas was a whiny, petulant, snivelly boy.  In my multiple readings of the book, I found Jonas thoughtful, patient, clever, and calm.  He was not a whiner; he was not a complainer; he was not petulant.  At the end of the book, The Giver reveals a secret to Jonas that upsets him greatly.  I had to turn off the audio version because the way in which the narrator read Jonas' part was absolutely ridiculous and not how the book even says.  Jonas is supposed to be sarcastic...the narrator made him whine.  Jonas is supposed to be passionately caring...the narrator made him whine.Again, this review is for the AUDIO version only.  The book itself is awesome.  I love it.  I am angry about the movie they're making because it's not going to represent the book.  I am similarly angry about this audiobook because it doesn't represent Jonas in a way I feel he -- and we, the readers -- deserve."
"I read this book the first time as an adult (late 20's). I remember it was a popular summer reading book back when I was in school. Everyone I know who has read it said it was good, so I figured I'd give it a shot.From the very first chapter, it had a spooky, ominous feel to it. It was a bit confusing during the first chapter, because it's set in a different world, and even a futuristic setting. The author quickly explains everything you need to know to understand this new world, but it doesn't make it any less strange. It reminded me a lot of ""1984"" to give you an idea.The last 10 chapters or so I was not able to pull myself away. It was a good read, don't get me wrong, but it was more of a morbid fascination that kept me glued to it. I could not believe what I was reading. It's horrifying not only to reading about the kind of world that was presented in the book, but to see aspects of it in the real world. It leaves you thinking (just as ""1984"" did): ""Wow, this could actually happen someday if we continued down this path"".It left me feeling very unsettled after I finished reading the book, and that feeling continued with me until the next day. People I've talked to that read it in high school told me that the book always stays with you like that. Not to mention, I finished it right before going to sleep that night, so I was left with some pretty odd dreams and an overall restless night.When I first finished, I disliked the ending, but after sitting with it on my mind for awhile, I have a better understanding of why she chose to end it that way.I remember this book being on my 5th grade reading list, but I feel some of the themes are a bit mature for someone that young. I'd say it was better for 15 and older. It just contained too many mature situations, death of a baby, for one. And the author was pretty descriptive.It was a book that I equally loved and hated. I loved the writing style, and the overall idea. It was a quick read, with no slow points to speak of. Her descriptions were amazing - very detailed. As the reader, you could really picture what she was describing. The characters that needed to be 3-D were, and there were some that needed to be less developed, and it went along with the premise of the story. I also hated the world she created because it scared me so much and it was just horrible.I recommend that everyone should read this book. It serves as a warning of what may become (""sameness"",etc) if we continue on the same path. Don't let the ""young adult"" label stop you from reading it, it's a must-read for adults too."
"This book is, at least in part, a cautionary tale, in the tradition of Brave New World and 1984, about the danger of allowing ourselves and our government to continue slouching toward paternalistic statism.  The difference between it and those older and better known stories of dystopic societies is that this one is written for kids.I found the book to be well written, well paced, and of a length that won't scare off tweens and teens.  The development of Jonah was quite well done within the constraints of such a short book (171 pages in  the paperback edition I read); he was likable and sufficiently flawed so as to be believable.  As for the other characters (excepting The Giver), their lack of development is one of the points.The Giver does a fine job of giving the reader food for thought and discussion about the inverse relationship between individual liberty and the imposition of outcomes by governments and communities.  It's not a one-sided account on that score, however.  I often found myself being seduced by the security, safety, and civility that accompanied the depicted totalitarian society.  As is typical of good fiction that tells some significant truth, that balance allows the reader to come to a conclusion through seeking and thinking as opposed to having it thrust down his throat; that makes the The Giver's case against soft fascism a strong one.I do find it a delicious irony that the education establishment, a great friend to the statist movement, has embraced this book.Some have complained that the book contains some logical inconsistencies.  I thought those were minor and they didn't significantly detract from my enjoyment of the book.There are some mature themes that some parents won't be comfortable with their kids reading about.  These include infanticide and senicide, capital punishment for crimes far short of murder and rape, and some fairly oblique sexual themes."
"Imagine having your life whole life planned out and never having to make any decisions. Things like who you were going to marry, who your children were, and what job you had were decided by people in your community. This is the main plot in The Giver by Louis Lowery. Every year when children turn a year older they have ceremonies and are given certain items/ privileges such as when a person turns a nine he or she is given a bicycle. When the Ceremony of Twelve comes a twelve year old is assigned a job in the community. The main character Jonas is assigned the new receiver with special training from the giver. No one in his town has feelings or can't see any color. When Jonas is given both exciting and painful memories by the giver, he finds out what true love is and begins to have feelings. When twins are born one is ""released"" or killed, or unsuccessful babies and older people, however no one knows this is bad because they have no feelings for other people. In the end Jonas goes on a journey and searches for an ""elsewhere"" and the community he has dreamed of where people had feelings. The Giver was an interesting novel I would recommend. One of the reasons I liked this book was because of the interesting plot. It made the reader wonder how it must feel to live in Jonas's town where nobody makes their own decisions or has any feelings. They are not allowed to tell any lies and every night at dinner they share their feelings or dreams. The book was really unlike the communities people live in now, such as when a person turns twelve they are given a job they have to stick with for the rest of their lives until they get very old. Another reasons I really liked this book was because the author used very descriptive words to tell what was going on. Such as when the giver transferred his memories to Jonas he used descriptions that made you feel as if you were actually there. For example when they were remembering riding on sled in the snow and when Jonas had cut his leg, the author didn't just say ""he cut his leg"" but described how he felt, what was happening around him, and the scenery. Also this book was full of feelings, such as when they remembered Christmas and the fireplace Jonas started to know what love is. The plot was very suspenseful and kept the reader wanting to know more. An example was when Jonas was running away with the newchild, Gabriel to search for a new community. As he rides on his fathers bicycle with the infant, search planes fly over head. Also when they were at the ceremony of twelve for Jonas the name caller accidentally skipped Jonas, he began to get worried and it left the reader wondering what job he was going to get. The Giver is an excellent novel because of its great traits such as suspense, vivid details, and unique well built plot. It is about a boy who lives in a dull and boring world where no decisions have to be made until he meets the Giver. From him he learns the true meaning of friendship, love, and pain. This is a exciting, action packed book I would recommend to anyone.~ C. Cirillo"
"Katie WilemanFantasy GenreLowry, L. (1993).  The Giver. New York: Random House.Synopsis: The Giver is a story about Jonas; a young boy who lives in what he considers a normal life until he turns twelve.  Once all students in his community turn twelve they are assigned a job by the elders.  Jonah is selected to be the Receiver of Memories, the most honorable of all jobs.  Jonas quickly learns that the life he once considered normal was in fact choice less and everything and everyone was the same.  The Receiver of Memories job is to hold all the memories of many centuries.  Eventually Jonas discovers what feelings like love, pain, joy and anger really are while the rest of the community are spared of this and live in ignorance.  Jonas also discovers colors, seasons, and having the ability to make choices.  But when Jonah discovers that when someone is released it is not a reason to celebrate because instead of being sent ""Elsewhere,"" the person is killed.  At the end of the book Jonahs is so miserable he wants to be released, but instead plans an escape and sends his memories to the community for everyone to experience the memories he holds.Evaluation: I thought this book was outstanding and beautifully written with an original plot.  Lowry writes in a manner that the reader is convinced that the other members of the community are really clueless to what true feelings like pain and love are, and that they truly live in a choice less, carefully planned world.  In this fantasy book, Lowry writes the community where everything is opposite of real life, as we know.  People don't marry for love, rather the elders match them, and instead of giving birth to their own children there are birthing mothers, and couples must apply for children.  The characters have rigid and proper lives with a strict set of rules everyone must abide by.  Additionally, children are grouped specifically by age and receive certain rules and responsibilities as each year passes.  The community members will never know hunger, or war, or inclement weather because the Elders and Receiver have planned and controlled all of that.  Last, members of the community do not know what choice, colors, or death is.  Lowry writes the story so well that the story and the characters lives sound believable, and the story is logical and consistent throughout. The story ends openly for the readers to decide if Jonas and Gabe will survive.  Between the open ending and the universal truth that this story brings to life give readers many issues to discuss.  For example one universal truth is that every society is plagued with troubles and dangers that the government can't always control because of our rights and freedom.  If the novel was used in a classroom it might provoke students to examine if the rules in our own society should be changed and choice restricted to make the world safer?  Another question an instructor might pose why or why not does the reader believe if Jonas will survive?Another book that connects to The Giver, but contain different characters is Gathering Blue which is about a world similar to Jonah's a world of the future but this time the main character is a handicapped orphan named Kira who is spared because of her gifts as a weaver, making her useful to the guardians."
"The Giver is a great book about a boy who goe through a big adventure as he turns twelve and gets his first job. This book tells about how The Giver teaches more about life than anyone else he knows. He got a job extremely few, in his community ever get. It is called the Receiver. His job is much different then any other job. He goes through many good and bad trials during his job. He suffers pain and happiness in his life until he has to make the biggest decision in his life. The book is recommended for students who enjoy mystery, sadness, and abig twists.  s will enjoy the book just as much.  This book is perfect for middle school students and could help them to relate to their life. This book has great vocabulary for a middle school student and doesn't have many hard words. It may be harder to read for less experienced readers. The author spaced out the cahpters evenly so somebody could read it at a good pace without overwhilming theselves. This book, for some readers, is so addictive that as soon as you read the first chapter you're hooked and you won't be able to put it down until you read the whole thing.  This book has very good morals and would be great for kids. It teaches us the values of life and how much we live it to the full extent, whether it is good circumstances that bring joy or things taht bring pain and sadness. This book also teaches us about making big decisions in our life, and that how we live life will lead up to those decisions. It shows how peole can lie to you your whole life and you might not even realize it. Jonas was lied to and has to make a big decision to leave his life behind.  This book , most of all, tells an amazing story of a boy's life that you will be talking about for a very long time. This book has big twists and turns with amazing characters that experience happiness, sadness, humility, and much more. The ending of this book will leave you wanting to read more. Fortulately, there are two sequels that include some of the same characters so you can read about them more.  The Giver is suggested for those who love an amazing story. It is recommended for middle school students who like mystery, deceit, happiness, good morals, and most of all, the values of life. You will pick this book up and read it so fast that you will want to read it again and again."
"I first read this book many, many years ago when I was in grade school. I'm sure it was compulsory back then, but I've read it dozens of times since then on my own, and our family's copy of it is well-worn and missing the cover.I am completely aghast at all of the reviews that stem from both parents and students questioning the values the book teaches. Many, many people are missing the point that while the community in which this takes place is painted as a utopia, it is decidedly not, which is what Jonas comes to realize by the end of the novel. Yes, in the book, the elderly are not valued, nor are birth mothers, lower-weight twins, the sick and mentally handicapped; however, as the book progresses, one realizes along with Jonas the absurdity of the values this ""utopia"" holds and comes to appreciate diversity in all forms. This book challenges the reader to examine their beliefs and embrace life.Yes, this book does touch on more adult topics like euthanasia, puberty and sexual urges, war, etc., but these are not topics that are foreign to everyone under the age of 14, and there is no reason a mature younger child should not be allowed to read and enjoy the book. Can it be scary to someone not ready for it? Yes, perhaps, but I would challenge the parents of the scared child to discuss the issues presented in the book with their child and help them realize that this is a ""what if"" story and does not, thankfully, represent reality - yet.I can appreciate how some might find this story boring and some younger readers may not understand what is happening, and therefore not appreciate it. However, I read it for the first time at a very young age and was never bored nor frightened by it, and I appreciate the story and timeliness of the events even now."
"So my second book in the Reading Newberry Books series and... wow! I read this book completely in one day so my thoughts are real fresh about the thing as a whole...I really liked this book and I ate it up but I still don't know what to feel about the ending. I, like many people, wanted to see the community affected by the memories and I wanted to have some sort-of better feeling about where Jonas ended up. He was so much a victim of his family and his community that I, in my most humane way, want to know that he ended up well. I don't want to spoil this for anyone who is thinking about reading it.I'm 31 years old and this is a book that will entertain and make anyone of any age just think. Not only the ramifications of Jonas' act but to go further back, the community itself. I knew what they were doing however I was still surprised. Especially Jonas' father. Other aspects of the community frightened me more. The hive mentality of the whole community. The fact that people are born from mothers that they will never know. And I'm guessing that the ""fathers"" are just ""sperm pops!"" There are aspects of the community that remind me of socialism, then the Amish, then 1984 in the control of the community. There are aspects of the community that are good. I found myself thinking about that but as a writer, the suppression of art and individuality bothers me so much! And to not see color. I'm surprised Jonas didn't just go mad that he could see it and no one else but the Giver could!I really loved this book and it made me angry, happy, upset, and nervous which is what good fiction does and is what this community had no concept of. It's an interesting statement of the Mrs. Lowry's skills."
"I have read the novel, The Giver, writing by Lois Lowry. The Giver is a fiction, talking about the theme, ""love"" and ""emotion"". Also, The Giver is the winner of ""John Newbery Medal"". Therefore, it's a very good novel for reading.  The Giver talks about a boy was called Jonas who lived in a unreal society. The society was called Community. Our real society is like ""dystopia"". Against, the Community is just like ""utopia"". ""The relationships are not biological but are developed through observation and a careful handling of personality."" In the Community, there're lots of rules the citizen need to follow. For anyone who did some thing against the rules would be released from the Community, also you can call it ""euthanasia"".  ""Jonas's world was perfect. Everything was under control."" Jonas was going to be 12. The Ceremony of 12 was extremely important. After the Ceremony of 12, children would be with their Assignment group (end with play group), with those in training.All children would be given the Assignment according to their interest, preparing for future.  Jonas had nothing interest. He is worried about future. Eventually, Jonas received the Assignment, the ""Receiver"" of memory. It's a particular job, because the ""Receiver"" could get memories and hold memories. These memoris were lots of kinds of feeling, some are direct and some are indirect. During the Assignment time, Jonas's teacher were called the Giver was training Jonas to be a ""Receiver"".  Once, Jonas asked the Giver ""What's your favorite?"". Then, the Giver gave Jonas some memories of the Giver's family played together on holiday. Jonas didn't understand. He could not describe it by using a word.  ""love"" the Giver said.  Eventually, Jonas thought that the Community was immoral. Therefore, Jonas decided to escape. At the end of the novel, Jonas brought a kid who's going to be released when jonas began to escape. Jonas succeeded. However, where Jonas's going. The writer didn't tell.  I think The Giver is a instructive novel. The writer want to tell us that ""love"" and ""emotion"" are important and necessary. The world won't be lively if there're not any ""love"" and ""emotion"". That's why I agree with the writer.  On the other hand, the world without ""love"" and ""emotion"" also has some advantage. Just like the Community in the novel, ""The relationships are not biological but are developed through observation and a careful handling of personality."" In the Community, there's no war. There's no crime. There's no violence. There's no hungriness. Also, There's no poor and rich. In the Community, the world is completely peaceable.  The world in the Community is perfect, but everybody just looks like a machine. There must be no one in our real word want to be a machine, although the world is not perfect. Therefore, ""love"" and ""emotion"" are necessary.  The Giver is ""a powerful and provocative novel"". I believe you'll enjoy it.  1/1/2006  Killua Fu"
"Jonas lives in a perfect community; there is no pain or no pleasure.  The families are selected by the elders.  The elders also assign the jobs to them. Each person is assigned a job.  Every year there is a ceremony and you become a year older.  When you become twelve years of age, you become an adult and you are assigned a job.  Jonas is now twelve, and is job is the receiver of memories.  He is taking the place of the Giver.  The giver was the last receiver of memory.  He must now teach Jonas to be the receiver of memory.  When he teaches him, he gives him memories of pain and pleasure.  Jonas then learns about all of those things, and he realizes that even though they don't experience pain that they are missing many things in life like pleasure and such.  Jonas wants to save the town.  So he and the giver make a plan.  The giver will stay back to help the town, and Jonas will run away.  They do that and Jonas makes it to another plane with lights music pain and pleasure.  I thought this was a good book.  It had a good ending, it had a good story line, but some of it seemed impossible.  This book had a good ending.  It was very happy, a lot of books have ending where it does not turn out good.  But this one makes you feel good when you read it.  After living in a horrible community like that, Jonas finally got to go to a better one.  It describes how he hears music and singing, that's very warm feeling.  Also it tells how he thought he heard music behind him which means that maybe his old community got better.  This book has a good story line. All the events are properly done.  Plus I just basically like the book, and the way it goes.  It is a pretty good idea.  And it is very creative the way they made the town and all the customs of it.  Also the jobs were well thought up, but mostly Jonas job, the receiver of memory.  The thing I didn't like about this book is having a community like that seems impossible to even imagine.  Like every thing makes either pain or pleasure, I can understand the no color or music but to live you have to have pain or pleasure.  Also being twelve years of age, you're not usually mature enough.  So that was the only thing I really didn't like.  So I thought this was a good book.  It had a little things wrong with it, but in the end I really liked it.  I would probably read it again if I had time or there was a sequel.  I recommend this book to other people that like reading.  I rate it an 8 out of 10.-J. Hamilton"
"The Giver is an amazing book. It's about the life of a boy named Jonas and the society in which he lives. Jonas lives in a world where they choose sameness over risk. Everyone has the same amount of people in their family. Everyone can only see black and white. Everyone follows rules exactly. No one can hear music. No one has individual birthdays, instead everyone is born in the same year and all become ""ones"" together, then ""twos"" together, then ""threes"". There is a ceremony for each year. At the ceremony for ""nines,"" everyone receives the same birthday gift, a bicycle. This society does not know real death, does not know pain and does not know love. Everyone thinks the same and acts the same. They choose sameness over individuality because there are no risks. No one can get hurt. There are no problems.At the ceremony of ""12's,"" the kids get assigned jobs. Jonas is assigned to be the Receiver, a very honored job, but does not know what the Receiver does. As Jonas trained with the elderly Receiver, he learned that the receiver held all the people's memories of when there was pain, suffering, death and war.  The Receiver also held all the memories of real love, true happiness and individuality. As the Receiver, Jonas learned of these emotions, as well as learned the existence of color and music. The Receiver kept all the memories away from the society to protect the people from suffering, but for years the Receiver had been trying to think of someway to allow society to share the memories, so the society could learn real pain and true love and get rid of sameness.Once Jonas started his training, the Receiver became the Giver and Jonas became the Receiver. Together they came up with a plan for Jonas to run away to the true world which existed outside the boundaries of the community and as he ran the memories would be released into the community and sameness would be lost forever.What is so interesting is that this story could take place in the past, present or future. Perhaps our society evolved from Jonas' society, from sameness to individuality. On the other hand, Jonas' society could exist in the present, existing as we speak. Or this society could take place in the future and we are the people from which the society of sameness evolved into individuality.I recommend this book to teens and adults. Both age groups can relate to the story and reflect deeply about life, the way we choose to live and the experiences, both good and bad, that we share. This book makes you think about what a society without pain, color, suffering, love or joy would be like would be like. Would you rather choose sameness with no risks, or a world where you can be yourself, take chances, a life with risk where people are hurt and hated, but where there is color, happiness, music and true love?You decide!"
"Lois Lowry's award winning novel, ""The Giver,"" describes a utopian society that is far from perfect.  In this society every individual is assigned a job or duty.  Jonas, the main character of the novel finds out that at the age of 12 he is to become the society's receiver.  As the receiver, Jonas learns about the memories that people all around him are holding.  He hears memories, which are both pleasurable and painful.  Jonas also becomes aware of the beauty that his society is missing out on.  The beauty of color, feelings and emotions are held in Jonas' hands.  Jonas is not sure what he should do with all of this information he is responsible for.  He wants to give it back to his society that has forgotten the important things in life.  Does Jonas give these things back to his society?  Or is he ""released"" like the others? The best thing about Lowry's book, ""The Giver,"" is that it is filled with enough detail to make a very unbelievable society, believable.  Lowry slowly gives the reader information about the society, so that the reader does not become overwhelmed by such a unique and unfamiliar setting.  Lowry also leaves the reader questioning certain things, especially in the end.  This gives the reader an opportunity to come up with their own ending, or gives a wonderful leeway to discussion.  I think Lowry intended for the book to be written this way, so that it could reach out to different types of people.  I think anyone could find enjoyment in this novel.  In no way is this book limited to a young reader; it could very well branch out to high school and adult readers.  ` I think the thought provoking book would be an excellent choice to read in a social studies classroom.  It describes a society that one might hope for, before they actually know what the consequences might be.  I am amazed at how realistic Lowry has made this society sound, to someone as young as 5th grade.  As an adult, I found myself reminding myself that this book was still a fantasy book.  I love the fact that all throughout the book there are plenty of opportunities for discussion questions."
"I bought this book after hearing the author interviewed on NPR.  I think I had read some of her books as a girl.  And every now and then I will read a YA novel.I read it in one afternoon-- I'd have gotten through it sooner, but had to look up and around the room and cry from time to time.  I'll never see the color red in the same way again-- now it's something precious, a gift.This book is far more than a dystopia for kids, or a simple allegory.  Some of the ideas in the book-- the notion of group memory, the questioning of the ""greater good""-- are very sophisticated and presented with great subtlety and art.  But the power of the book lies in its story.  The book takes us on a journey through a world that seems idyllic at first, and it is only gradually, and terribly, that we, with the main character, discover the sadness, the real horror, at the heart of the society.  And perhaps the true horror is that the awfulness is not even understood by the people.  There is no malice in this world.  There is just absence-- absence of memory, absence of attachment, absence of all the complicated feelings that can lead us to love and grace.As he accepts the responsibility to become the receptacle of society's memories, the main character learns how his society really works-- how it eschews, even destroys, those who don't contribute, how it abhors individuality, how it ultimately rejects the idea of love.  And he begins to see in color.This is all discovered through the eyes of a child, and told very simply.  The final escape is much debated-- did he die, or find a better place?  I firmly believe that he found a better place, but in the end it doesn't matter.  What does matter is that once again a human being has discovered what it means to be human.This book truly deserves its awards and should be read not just by teachers and students, but by anybody who enjoys a good story.  Thornton Wilder has the Narrator say in his wonderful play OUR TOWN, to Emily's question, ""does anybody realize life while they're living it, every, every minute?""  ""Poets and artists, they do some.""  After reading THE GIVER, you'll be inspired to remember to do that too.  Life is precious, and its memories, even its painful ones, are an incredible gift."
"This speculative novel won the 1994 Newbery Medal for best contribution to American children's literature. Apparently, it is one of the most popular books for children (approximately ages ten to thirteen) in the late 1990s.  It is about a young boy named Jonas who lives in an unusual future world  and is about to turn twelve. In this world, everyone lives in a highly  structured Community and each is assigned specific roles. There is no war,  no pain, and when one is old and is no longer contributing to the  community, they happily are ""released,"" although no one seems to know what  that really means. When a young person turns twelve (all turn ages on the  same date each year; just like horses do today), there is a big ceremony in  which each is assigned their future job at which they become apprenticed.  However, Jonas is not assigned to a job. Due to his special insights,  compassion, and intelligence, he has been selected to be the new Receiver  of Memories. This Receiver is a single individual who has within themselves  all of the memories of the past, including memories of true pain, war,  passion, family, etc. The older Receiver becomes the Giver and begins to  transfer these memories to Jonas. Soon Jonas discovers concepts he never  even considered. For example, he discovers color and that the ability to  perceive color had been purposedly removed in the distant past. He  discovers hills, snow, joy, and pain. And he learns about love. Finally, he  discovers what ""release"" really means. And, he and the Giver must do  something about it. Near the end of the novel, Jonas starts a quest to find  others with imagination, memories, and passions; others with more humanity."
"Eleven-year-old Jonas is a typical boy living in a futuristic world of mediocrity. Even the geography, (completely flat) and the color scheme (only black and white) are bland. The elder of two children (all that is allowed per family unit), he attends school and enjoys the company of friends like any other kid. But in his town, everyone's behavior is closely monitored, Big Brother-like, with physical punishment meted out for infractions of its many rules. The community gains 50 babies per year and at prescribed ages, persons are given certain freedoms and/or responsibilities (for example, bicycles are given to nine year olds). Once a family's children move away, former parents (babies seem to be born in vitro) move out of their homes and in with others in the same situation until their eventual move to the nursing home and, finally, ""release.""Jonas's life changes drastically when he is given his life job assignment, the most respected of the lot, Receiver (of memories). During his training, he gains the freedom of being allowed to ask any question of any person, but is unable to share his newfound knowledge with family and friends. He sees and feels the formerly unimaginable, love, hate, joy and sorrow, and, for the first time, experiences color. He also learns the truth about the procedure known as ""release."" Author Lois Lowry has created a simply written, amazing book with a memorable plot and engaging characters in this story about social conformity. Of the Newberry Award winners I've read, The Giver is my favorite. Similar science fiction: Feed by M.T. Anderson, The House of the Scorpion by Nancy Farmer, and Fearless by Tim Lott."
"If you have ever been hurt before, then you have probably thought of what it would be like to have no feelings or emotion.  It's a nice thought, never to be hurt again. You also then have to ask yourself what it would be like to never experience love or happiness, because if you have no feelings, then that would eliminate the goods ones as well.  This is what it is like for the community of people in ""The Giver.""  They see no color and feel nothing, not even love.  This can be very disturbing to read.  I know it was for me and I am an adult.  A world like that is hardly imaginable, but is no doubt well detailed and explained by Lois Lowry.  It is a complete contradtion to the world and society as we know it in the United States.  Here, diversity is welcomed and smiled upon especially in our schools.  In this book, everyone is the same and there is no room for differences.  This is very sad and would be very boring if it was real life.  Also, the people in this community are just assigned a job at age 12.  No one gets to choose what they would like to do.  Jonas is both blessed and cursed with receiving his assignment which is to be the receiver.  The ending of this book is a cliffhanger.  The reader is left without knowing what truly happens.  I like that it is open to the reader's interpretation.  My interpretation is that Jonas and Gabe die and go to heaven.  I could be wrong.  It is only my opinion.  Even though this book is sad, it is still an excellent book.  When I began reading it I could not put it down and that is saying a lot because there is not much that can hold my interest for any given time."
"Twelve-year-old Jonas has lived his life in a controlled community. At first glance this community is a virtual utopia where pain, suffering, and disorder do not exist. Demanding rules run this society, leaving no room for personal growth beyond communal expectations. At his 12 ceremony, a public celebration of age, Jonas and his peers are assigned jobs. Jonas is -chosen- to be the Receiver of Memory, a job that places him under the guidance of the Giver. In receiving the memories of the Giver and of the past world Jonas comes to question his community. Though the memories come with great pain they drive an ardent longing for a life of freedom, choice, love, beauty, and wisdom. The longing leads to a plan, a plan that allows for ""no looking back"".  The Giver is a beautiful book! It's truly complex in its simplicity. Louis Lowry manages to bring to life the community, taking a fantastic world and making it believable. His characters and their community live vividly in the mind of the reader. Lowry's simple writing style leaves the reader to struggle with the flaws of the misguided ""utopia"" and the difficult choice between security and freedom.  The ending is vague and somewhat unsatisfying to a mind used to being given a straightforward outcome. In writing it so, Lowry offers a chance for the reader to apply his or her own thoughts and morals to the resolution, in essence giving them the freedom that his protagonist searches for. All in all, The Giver is a thought-provoking book that will stay with the reader for a long time."
"What an incredibly well organized book!  Every thought about how the futuristic society exists and operates has been meticulously figured out and recorded by the author, Lois Lowry.  There is not a word out of place in this novel.  When younger, I often got this book mixed up with the similarly titled, ""The Cay"".  An unfortunate mix-up when you consider that Theodore Taylor's ""The Cay"" is regarded by many to be a badly written pompous book.  This book, however, is lovely.  An easy read, it sets up all its ideas perfectly before knocking them down.  The reader is placed in a position not too different from that of Jonas, the protagonist.  What Jonas learns to feel about his community, we  readers learn to feel the same things at the same time.  Lowry is especially skilled at the slow reveal.  We do not know that the citizens of this world do not distinguish height or sunlight or snow or color until Jonas learns about each of these things in turn.  And the book is especially interesting when you consider that there aren't any villains beyond the system itself. This is a laudable book and a good didactic (without being preachy) tale.  This would pair well with other dystopian futures, such as ""A Wrinkle In Time"" (remember the world where ""It"" lives and the children must bounce the ball all the same way?).I disagree with those readers who feel this book is inappropriate for younger readers.  While the open ended ending will probably disappoint or anger some, kids will enjoy the writing for what it is.  Eloquent and enjoyable."
"As a high school senior, I am always looking for a book that gets my attention and holds it. I have found that book. It is THE GIVER By Lois Lowery. At the start of the book I thought that it would just be an ok book, but as I read farther and farther into it, I found out that I was wrong. I found that it is a great book to read.The book begins with a young man named Jonas who is outside and he sees a plane flying overhead.  What's the big deal, you ask?  Planes are not supposed to fly over the village, so the people are all shocked.  This is just one strange thing about this community.  The village is its own little world with every thing controlled. Everybody gets a job assigned to them when they turn 12. Jonas becomes 12 and is assigned the job of receiver of memories which is a big honor. But will it be too much for him to handle?The book is an interesting look at a society trying to control everything it can in its town. As you read you will see all the crazy things they do and how it doesn't always work. You will see how they suppress love and other feelings and even color.Overall, I believe this is a good book for seniors or any high school student to read.  While many schools use this book in younger grades, I recommend this book for older students because of the complex ideas. I also recommend it to people of any age who like realistic sci-fi.  It's interesting to wonder:  how far are we from having this perfect society, and do we really want it???"
"In the novel, THE GIVER, the author Lois Lowry uses futuristic details to create an excellent story. In the begining, everything in the Sameness community is perfect, there is no fighting there is no pain. But there are also no choices. Every citizen is assigned a job in the community, a spouse, a life and destiny. There are no changes and things always stay the  same.  Until the day that Jonas, a twelve year old boy is selected as the  new Giver.""He has been selected.""He is faced with the pain and  true pleasurable memories that most people in his small controlled  community have never felt or could ever imagine, Jonas is also faced with  the choice whether to live in a world with no feelings and no choices or to  leave the sheltered life he has been used to for so long and pursue a life  of love and happiness that the people in his community have never  experienced.The choice is his.  With the small child, Gabe, who has  been living at Jonas' family unit, Jonas makes his decision. He decides  that the sweet child deserves a life outside the community. They make a  dangerous escape and for days they discover new and exciting things they  have never seen before. They have left the comfortable place where meals  and supplies were delivered right to their doors, to a place where they are  starving and cold. But Jonas keeps going, he knows that there is something  waiting for him and Gabe at the end of the road. He would rather die than  live without the true feelings of life"
"Book ReviewThe GiverImagine not being able to experience color or the feeling of love. Well, this is everyday life in the setting of The Giver. This book, by Lois Lowry, is set in a community where simple things like feelings, colors, and weather have all been diminished. Everything in this community everything is the same including the people, landscape, and weather. However, one boy is set apart from the rest.Jonas never quite felt the same as everyone else. He sees things differently than others, which makes him feel odd and set apart. When he is given the high honor as Giver, he feels even more different. Being the Giver, he recieves memories unlike he has ever seen. In addition, he also creates a wonderful with his mentor, the former Giver.My favorite character in this book was Jonas. He often reminded me of myself at certain times in the book. I often feel different from my peers because I have talents not many obtain. I soon realized, like Jonas, that my different talents are usually what bring out the best in me and can be used in many different ways.I recommend this book to anyone looking for a plot that is extremely interesting and adventurous. This book takes you to a world that you wouldn't even think could exist. Ms. Lowry did an absoloutely fabulous job with creating her characters and describing things throughout the whole plot. I definitely give this book two thumbs up!!"
"In the story The Giver, a boy, named Jonas, lives in a community that the  people think is a utopia, but he learns it is the exact opposite.  The  community is interesting because everything is chosen and done for you.  For example, your job is picked for you by a group of elders, and your bike  is given to you at the age of nine. At first, Jonas likes his community  very much because everything that is needed is provided, and he has nothing  to worry about. Then, he is selected to be the receiver of memory, the  person who keeps all the memories from different generations.  He goes to  the Giver who trains him and soon finds that his world is not so great  after all.  The conflict in this ""utopian"" world is that  Jonas wants everything his community does not have. He learns that there  are things called love, color, and music. He decides he wants to run away  and, in the process, breaks most of the community's rules. If Jonas is  caught, he will be severely punished. After successfully running away,  Jonas is miles down the road from where he began his journey and is  struggling to keep moving. Jonas sees a colorful house with people inside  who seem to love each other, and he hears what he thinks is music. Lowry  leaves you there to make up your own ending.  The Giver is very well  written, for example, the language that is used is not too advanced but at  just the right level for a sixth or seventh grader.  However, the book gets  into a slump in the very beginning and becomes very boring because there is  nothing happening in Jonas' life.  Even his escape is not very suspenseful  because whenever he is about to be caught, he uses a very dull strategy to  get out of the situation.  If you're looking for a book with a lot of  action and suspense, keep on looking. I would give this book two out of  five stars."
"This genre is totally up my alley and I've been meaning to read it for ages. The good news is you can finish it in a couple of hours. The bad news is it's not worth the time. I get it's a children's book, but that doesn't mean it can't be nuanced and well written. The plot is bare - just plain weird, in a rushed way, at the end - and so much of this very literal book turns into metaphysical mush in the closing pages. Big letdown. All the hype made me assume there was something really brilliant going on here. Not so much. Go read some Orwell instead. Animal Farm, perhaps."
"THE GIVER is an edge of your seat reader, which will not alllow you to put it down. It is a book in which describes the life of a 12 year old boy, who lives in a future community with his family unit. He is assigned a job which is one among the community, and he is trained by the giver.The community in which this excellent book takes place in, has climate control, where it is never hot, and it is never cold. The've never seen rain;the've never seen snow. Read and find out about this good but bad, adventrous story, and like I said;you will never want it to end."
"How would you like to live in a setup community? The giver is written from the point of view of Jonas, an eleven-year-old boy living in a setup society that has no pain, fear, war, and hatred. which is kind of cool because you dont worry about anything There is no prejudice, since everyone looks and acts basically the same, and there is very little competition. Everyone is  polite. The society has also ended choice: at age twelve every member of the community is assigned a job based on his or her abilities and interests. Citizens can apply for and be assigned compatible spouses, and each couple is assigned exactly two children each. The children are born to Birthmothers, who never see them, and spend their first year in a Nurturing Center with other babies, or ""newchildren,"" born that year. When their children are grown, family units dissolve and adults live together with Childless Adults until they are too old to function in the society. Then they spend their last years being cared for in the House of the Old until they are finally ""released"" from the society. In the community, release is death, but it is never described that way; most people think that after release, flawed newchildren and joyful elderly people are welcomed into the vast expanse of Elsewhere that surrounds the communities. Citizens who break rules or fail to adapt properly to the society's codes of behavior are also released, though in their cases it is an occasion of great shame. Everything is planned and organized so that life is as easy and pleasant as possible. this is a very interseting book."
"Ah, The Giver is one of those few books which can completely captivate the mind and soul... and can do so with such simplistic and discernable writing.The Giver is the story of a futuristic society where choices are premade, emotions are fake, and human urges are supressed.  Jonas is the novel's protagonist. He is an intelligent child who quickly finds out that this 'utopian' society is much more of a dystopian hell.As I read through this book, I was able to find shades of Orwell's 1984 or Huxley's BRAVE NEW WORLD; however, The Giver is quite distinct.  Though it's concepts are not new, the way in which they are presented are quite spectacular.My advice would be to not read the reviews... for they will only ruin the book for you. As I read the book (having not previously known the action of the story) I was actually shocked and almost driven to tears at points.  I was amazingly affected by this spectacular novel.Finally, to clear up the misunderstanding about the book's ambiguous ending.  This ending NEEDED to be the conclusion. Thus we can truly decide if this novel should be considered a utopian or dystopian world.  Compare this to the other great 'dystopian' novels 1984 and BRAVE NEW WORLD... both have a definate ending.This novel gives the reader a chance to believe... a chance to have faith... but most importantly, it gives the reader hope:  a hope which The Community would never be able to 'release.'..."
"""The Giver"" is captivating, thought-provoking, and beautifully written. It deals with: Sameness vs. Diversity. It challenges the reader to ask ""how much freedom am I willing to give up for security?""--A relevant question in today's climate (2004).  This Newberry Medal winner is best for young adults, but mature adults would greatly enjoy this book as well. Some children, younger than 5th grade, may find some of the subject matter ""unsettling."" ""The Giver"" is ideal for group or classroom discussions."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is an interesting work of dark fiction.  It is about a planned society set in the very far future.  Kind of a young reader's version of Brave New World or WE.  The main character of Jonas lives in a world where everybody is assigned a job at the age of twelve after years of very careful education and training on how to behave, work and play within the community.  Those who do not fit in are Released.Jonas has been selected to be the Receiver of Memory.  He will be filled with memories of generations past, like a jug is filled with water, to be used as a source of information by the leaders.  He learns about pain and love and starvation.  In doing so he can no longer live within the community, with people he has come to distrust and even hate."
"Jonas was born into a perfect community.  In a society where there is no unemployment, criminals, or poor people.  Everything is perfect, and everyone is happy.  In this world people are assigned to their spouse, and children are assigned to couples if the Committee of Elders believes the couple is qualified.  All families in this community consist of a mother, a father, a male child, and a female child.  Once a person in the community gets too old they move to the House of Elders, where they live until they are ""released"" from the community.  A person can also file for ""release"" if he or she no longer wants to continue to live in the community.  This year Jonas will become twelve years old.  Becoming twelve is an important year for all children within this society.  It is important because that is the year when all the ""twelves"" receive notice of their occupations in the community and begin their training.  The Committee of Elders decides the careers for each child that will turn twelve in that year at a ceremony performed in front of the entire community.  Jonas is given his job title last.  He is assigned to be the Receiver of Memory, which is the most important job within the community.  His job is to receive the memories held by The Giver in order for Jonas to become The Giver of Memory himself someday.  His training is secretive and can be painful or pleasurable.  The Giver transfers his memories of all things including love, color sensation, sledding in the snow, and war.  Memories such as war can cause Jonas to have pain.  On the other hand memories like sledding can be exciting for Jonas.  Jonas' training will take much time to be completed because there are an abundance of memories to be transferred.  The purpose of The Giver is to hold all the memories so the people of the society do not have to experience the bad memories or have the burden of holding memories.  For instance, Jonas training is dramatic and he grows wiser.  Jonas realizes there is more to life than just the community where Jonas lives.  The author has shaped a creative plot that is fascinating and intriguing due to the creative plot with the concept of one person holding all the memories for everyone within a community.  Written for young adults, The Giver convoys a positive and outgoing mood due to the fact that the society in which Jonas lives is protected and perfect.  That memories are valuable and precious is a central theme in this book.  It is important for people to experience a great variety of things and cherish their memories and experiences."
"The GiverBy: Lois LowryReviewed by: J. HoP.1  The Giver is about a boy named Jonas. Jonas lived in a perfect small town governed by many rules. He gets excited about his ceremony of twelve years old because he gets assigned to his adult job. His job was to become the receiver of memories, or all the experience of the world. During his training, he experienced real world feelings that he was unable to experience in his perfect little town. After seeing what a ""release"" is and hearing that a newborn was going to be released, he couldn't stand living in the village anymore. He planned his and the newborn's escape from the village with the memory giver. In the end, Jonas and the baby were able to escape the village. There were some things I liked and disliked about the story.  The part where there was the war scene was a part I didn't like. ""Dirt streaked the boy's face and his matted blond hair. He lay sprawled, his uniform glistening with wet, fresh blood."" The war scene was really sad. A kid had to go to war and even got badly injured. ""The colors of the carnage were grotesquely bright: the crimson wetness on the rough and dusty fabric, the ripped shreds of grass, startlingly green, in the boys yellow hair."" The scene was described in a sort of gory way because I pictured a place with lots of blood everywhere on the ground. There was another part in the story I disliked.  The part where the newborn was released was another part I detested. ""To his surprise, his father began very carefully to direct the needle into the top of newchild's forehead, puncturing the place where the fragile skin pulsed. The newborn squirmed and wailed faintly."" I felt sad for the baby. I knew that taking a shot at that area meant that there something bad was going to happen to the baby. ""As he continued to watch, the newchild, no longer crying, moved his arms and legs in a jerking motion. Then he went limp. His head fell to the side, his eyes half open. Then he was still."" This quote from the story confirmed my guess about something bad happening to the baby. The baby was killed. There was also a part of the story that I liked.  I liked the part where Jonas escapes with Gabe, a newborn. ""'So,' Father went on, `we obviously had to make the decision. Even I voted for Gabriel's release when we had the meeting this afternoon.'... But it was necessary because it had the child seat attached to the back. And he had taken Gabriel too."" Jonas was very brave to risk his life to save someone else even though he is a kid himself. ""He wept because he was afraid now that he could not save Gabriel. He no longer cared about himself."" Jonas acted very kind. He put the well-being of the baby in front of himself."
"The title of the book that I am reviewing is The Giver, the author is Lois Lowry, and I gave this book 5 stars.  This story is about a 12 year old boy named Jonas and his journey into becoming a man. I gave this book 5 stars because you can really get a feel for what the characters are feeling. There are many packed into this wonderful story. Lois Lowry created a totally different world and she filled in everything you need to know to understand how Jonas and his friends feel. Once you get to the middle of the book you feel like you actually live where Jonas lives. In this time period there are no colors, no choice of jobs, when you become 12 you are offically an adult and age no longer matters. With each year there are different perks, like when you are 10 you get your first bicycle. Every family unit gets two kids, a boy and a girlm the parents a child has are not the people that geave birth to them Birth Mothers have all the kids in the village. Everything is assigned and nothing is a choice. There are only a certain amount of new children (babies) in the community each year. If there are too many new children the ones that weigh the least get released or killed. When your children have grown and they leave you house you go to live in the house of the old, then once you have been there for a few years the workers there preform you release (they kill you). It is a very sad way to live but that is how they do things in this time period. There are many different jobs in the community. One for almost every interest you have.  When Jonas is assigned The Reciever of Memory, the most respected job in the community, he is frightened. He meets with the Giver, the former Reciever of Memory, to recieve memories of the past. All the memories he gets to start out with are all happy memories. Then once he has been recieving memories for about a year the memories start to get scary and painful to witness. The more memories Jonas recieves the angrier he gets with the life he lives. He wants to live with emotions and colors he doesn't want to live a miserable life anymore. He and the Giver are the only ones who know what life could be like, but they know they can't change the way the community has lived forever. Since they know they can't change the ways of the community they have to take matters into their own hands. Jonas plans to run away and take a new child that was going to be released the next day. He and Gaberial (the new child) run away to find a better place to live. They travel for days and days until Jonas hears music and he knows they have found refuge.  I am a 12 year old that loves to read. Other tites that I would recomend are Gathering Blue, The Messenger, and the Harry Potter books."
"The Giver is not a tale for the faint of heart. It is not about utopian societies and children experiencing the power of friendship. The Giver imagines what a society bent on eliminating the negative aspects of humanity would function like. There is no choice in this civilization. There is nothing that functions independently of the government. Every child is assigned a job by the age of twelve.  There is no pain nor fear nor any war or hatred. It is perfection with a dystopian twist. Jonas is a child living in this society and though, he doesnt know it, he is different from the others. This is usually the premise of many books throughout the world. The protagonist is always the different one. In this case, Jonas has light eyes while, everyone has dark eyes. Jonas can perceive flashes of color every now and then. Jonas is the receiver of his generation and this trait causes a series of events that change their society forever.Through this book, Lois Lowry described humanity not as black or white, but existing in shades of grey. To be free is to experience both the bad and good in life. The Community takes that all away. Originally, I read The Giver when I was in elementary school and Im sorry to say I did not understand many of the concepts in the book that I do now. This is a good book for children to read, but if one wants to fully understand the novel, it is better if a person waits until they are older to emerce themselves in the work."
"I bought this book to give as a gift, and ended up reading it myself. A scary and thought-provoking book, chillingly and beautifully written, right up to the ambiguous ending.I think this is a very worthwhile read. If you have not yet read this book I suggest you don't read many of the amazon reviews. Many of the reviews give away every single major plot point. I find this very disappointing and am glad I did not read many reviews before I read the book, as much of the power and gut-wrenching effect come from discovering the answers yourself as the story unfolds. Read the book. If you want to read other reader reviews wait until you've read the book first. It's worth it."
"The book the Giver, by Lois Lowry, is a narrative of a boy named Jonas. He lives in a community where there is no war, pain or hunger. We follow him throughout the story as he changes in not only physical ways but in mental ways. The book is sci-fi and it's based on a community filled with rules and brain washing. This book takes you through so many different levels of drama. It is always sort of tense.The community that Jonas lives in thinks that it is a utopia. Lois Lowry wants the reader to understand the idea that sameness is bad and that freedom is good but it can also come with suffering, and would you rather have freedom and suffering, or sameness and rules and dullness and dictation? This community has two walls- Jonas is stuck in-between the truth and the lies.Overall the book gets three stars. The storyline was good, but the ending seemed rushed. The descriptions were amazing and were the best part of the book. She described the memories as if they were miniature stories. The book was slow, and at times it was hard to follow. Nowadays people are used to reading graphic novels and books that are more fast-paced. This book was more focused on the everyday, rather than the crime and action that can be read in other books. I also would have liked more of an ending.Lois Lowry has written another book based on this community, and I am eager to read it."
"Everyday we make different choices.  What we wear, what we eat and how we act are just some of them.  However, in The Giver that;s not the case. Jonas, a young adolescent, lives in a community where all his choices are made for him by a group of elders.  In this community everyone is  classified by age.  When a child is twelve years old, they are given and  assignment that is their job for life.  Instead of an assignment, Jonas is  given a rare honor that leads him to realize how different his community is  and what is outside of it.  Because the story is told from different  points of view, it is a unique reading experience.  During the first half  the story is told from first person point of view.  Jonas is explaining how  he feels.  Later on in the book an omniscient narrator is interpreting  every event.  Lois Lowry writes the book in a way thatmakes you feel  present throughout the book, witnessing every event. It is not extremely  descriptive, nor is the reader unable to get the feeling of the book.  I  am glad I took the time to read The Giver. I liked the nook because not  only do I like Lois Lowry amd her writings, but my peers have recommended  the book several times and I still hadn't read it.  I wouls reccomend the  book because what Lois Lowry accomplishes is showing everyone why it's  beneficial that everyone's unique and what our lives would be like if we  were all the same."
"Recently, I've been reading thick and complicated books, and I was upset when I had to read The Giver in my 8th Grade reading class. Somehow, I willed myself to pick it up and read it. I was pleasantly surprised! This is the beginning book to all the great novels about alternative governments such as 1984, Animal Farm, and Brave New World. It all begins with a boy named Jonas who is the average, polite boy of his community. In this community, when a child turns 12 (often called a Twelve), he is given a life-long job that he must fulfill until he reaches the House of the Old (otherwise known as a nursing home, ha!) Jonas has been working at many different places so it is unclear of what his job should be. At ceremony, Jonas is shocked when he finds out that he has been elected as the Receiver of Memory. The Receiver of Memory is apprenticed by The Giver. What is This Giver? The Giver runs the community and keeps the people happy and long-working. Jonas is shocked when The Giver reveals secrets about the community and its people. this book compels Jonas to begin a long journey in search of the truth. The story and setting of this book are very well described. Suspense and excitement grew and I couldn't seem to put this book down! I would recommend the alternative books: 1984, Animal Farm, and Brave New World when you finish this book."
"I had a friend who told me about this book, and although I didn't want to read it at first she kept pestering me to, so finally, with much dread, I picked up the book and began flipping through the pages. Wow.  Thank you, Maria, because without you I would never have discovered the magic of The Giver.Jonas lives in a world very different from ours today.  There is no fear, pain, or suffering of any kind.  Basically, no one has any feelings.  Suddenly, on his twelveth birhtday, Jonas gets an opportunity to discover a world beyond that (and change his own), with lessons from someone he calls the ""Giver.""  The Giver gives Jonas memories of times before people decided to change their world to an unsuffering one, and Jonas realizes that even through the suffering people have (poverty, sickness, hunger) that they get great things as well (happiness, hope, love).  Not one person can finish this book without learning or taking away one thing from it.  Lois Lowry shows how great our world really is, and that we should all be thankful for what we have rather than focus on the things we don't.I would reccommend this book to children 11 years and up, because otherwise you can't understand/enjoy the detailed plot line of Jonas's story.  This is one of those books that everyone should read, and hopefully enjoy."
"In the book The Giver by Lois Lowery the community is flawless.  There is no pain, fear, or personal choices. The community is controlled by the council who has total control of the world and its inhabitants.  The main character is Jonas who is about to receive his job in the community.  However as the book progresses it turns out that Jonas is to receive a special job.  He is chosen to receive the memories of the past, memories that lead Jonas to believe that his community is not as flawless as it as it seems. This book is an exciting novel that keeps the readers on the edge of there seat yearning to find out what happens next.  This book is best enjoyed by young people who understand that The Giver is not only a story, but also portrays real world issues such as ideas about government, economy and the flaws of a real world and a perfect world. As the reader progresses the reader will begin to uncover the horrors of a perfect society, a society in which people are devoid of emotion, and in which no one portrays any sense of emotion towards each other. This book is not entirely sad however.  It is also a novel of finding conscience, and discovering true happiness even without being perfect.  I know I really enjoyed this book and I hope you read and enjoy it as well."
"Lois Lowery has written some good books in the past.  But nothing that that she has written is half as wonderful as The Giver.  Jonas, the main character, lives in a world of no pain.  When Jonas is assigned a job in the community, he is picked out to receive memories of the past.  The memories are of joy, pain, evil and everything in between.  There is definitely no turning back.  I liked The Giver because it has many different characters and made me ask questions about the meaning of life.  Jonas the main character lives in a life so different from ours.  However he relates to our world.  He almost makes us hate it.  He has many experiences with the characters in the book, such as his parents, close friends, and the Giver.  I think that The Giver is a unique book because it attempts to portray the meaning of life in a way that is keeps in the story.  Some people might disagree with my ideas.  Others may think that this book is confusing.  It is a little confusing, because it shows you what is important and doesn't tell you that.  For people, that to try to that try to rush through books as fast as possible to the Human brain, it may be confusing. Now when you read this book, which I highly suggest you do, you will realize immediately that it is definitely worth reading."
"The Giver is a fascinating warning about our often misguided desire to achieve a perfect society, without crime, confrontations, or any kind of unpleasantness. Lowry takes that desire to the extreme by showing what we would have to surrender in order to reach that ideal (but unrealistic) goal. Unfortunately, that would include most of what makes us human- both the good and the bad. Although the ending has left some readers dissatisfied, I think Lowry's message would have been watered down had she tacked on some superficial, happy ending just to appease those who like their fiction sunny. As it stands, Lowry's warning is all the more convincing for showing how hard it is to change the status quo, particularly a status quo meticulously enforced and regulated. While this might seem on the surface to make the book inappropriate for younger readers, the opposite is true- they should read this book to understand the dangers of giving up too much of ourselves for some artificial culture that has the appearance of being civilized, but in fact is devoid of those very things that ultimately make us human and life worth living. I had read The Giver in tandem with An Audience for Einstein, another thoughtful book about memory and ethical choices."
"Some YA books don't age well when you get older, but this one is phenomenal. A delicate, thoughtful book that is even more meaningful today. Far better than the current dystopian fantasies, because it has soul."
I was surprised by the depth of this book as it is labeled YA.  The underlying themes were heart-felt and the characters moving.  I am looking forward to the rest of this series!
"Before THE GIVER, Louis Lowry had shined with her Newbery Medal winning NUMBER THE STARS, as well as with the comical ANASTASIA KRUPLINK, but this shows some new talents that she seems to have mastered.How the story IS is the oddest thing about it-- Jonas's town seems almost perfect to him and  his family and friends, where standered rules are manners, never lying,  never having more than two children per ""family unit"", etc.  Also, it is a world where at the Cermony of Tweleve, each tweleve year old  is given lifetime job that is assigned especially for them.  And so Jonas  watches his friends Asher and Fiona be picked for a especially chosen  assignment, and one by one every Tweleve.  But when she get's to Jonas's  number--nineteen--the Cheif Elder skips it, leaving the crowd to wonder  until it is announced that he is chosen for something special, that could  make him a better person, or that could make him the saddest and most  thoughtful person in the town, or yet something that could turn his life to  bitterness forever...."
"WOW! Part of the (...) reading curriculum is to read THE GIVER. At first, I though it would be really stupid and boring. Our teacher said to start reading it and stop around the second chapter. I did something very naughty. I kept on reading. I went home and finished the book. I feel very guilty for doing that, but hey, it is a really good book and it's not my fault i can't put it down!!This book is about a boy naped Jonas. He lives in a world where there are rules for everything. There is no such thing as love. Everything is the same. People don't see colors. They don't even know what SNOW is!!When the Ceremony of Twelve takes place, he is selected to become the Receiver for Memories. He receives memories from the former receiver, The Giver. Jonas holds the memories of the pain and pleasure of life. The secrets that no one but him and The Giver know.I found sadness in this book. I found the pleasure in this book. I felt the pain from this book. I could not put this book down. I recommend it to you. Read it!!!!!!!"
"Imagine a world with no hate, injustice or pain. A world of peace, comradery and sameness. This is the world of Jonas, the main character in Lois Lowry's award winning novel The Giver.Lowry has created a magnificent novel that causes the reader to think about the idea of a utopian society. It focuses on the concept of whether a perfect society is truly attainable, and at what expense. Lowry bravely takes the premise of utopia and shows the reader that a world devoid of emotion is world devoid of both evil and good.I found this book to be extremely enjoyable, a true page turner. it is written with such detail that the reader can both feel themselves in the situations at hand and the emotions of the characters. This relatively simplistic book features timeless themes and I recommend it for children and adults alike. This is an excellent book for reading groups,and it is an equally enjoyable personal read. I strongly recommend this book for all those mature enough to comprehend it."
"Jonas has a good life , or so he thinks. His people live in a controled society. No one's rich , but no one's poor. When he becomes a Twelve, not the age twelve but a Twelve,his whole life changes. Cheif Elder chooses him out of all the other Twelves to become  a Reciever of Memory. What's a Reciever of Memory, Jonas asks himself shocked! He knows nothing until his training begins.There Giver, a Reciever of Memory before Jonas, teaches him about snow, color and other things of the world. He later relizesthat the life he has isn't so great.Curiosity gets the best of him and starts asking questions. The release is the one thing that he wonders about the most. It's hard for Giver to tell him , but he does. Regretting he ever asked, Jonas knows what he must do so he can actually have a life. This book is almost guaranteed to make you cry, even if your a guy! This book is so great in so many ways that I can't explain it. If you want to know what I mean then read ""The Giver"" and other books of Lois Lowry"
"I'm not usually a big fan of science fiction, but this book was definitely an exception. It takes place, way; way, into the future. Even if it doesn't seem like it. They live in a perfect community. They make no important choices. Everyone's the same. You get assigned a job, a spouse, and kids. You have no feelings. You take pills to prevent you from getting sexual feelings to another person. You don't see color. You have no memory of the past and what happened before your community. It's a story about a boy who along with his friends get assigned his life job. But, his is different. He can do something that not everyone can't. He meets The Giver who gives him the memories of the past. Of love, of war, of pain, of Christmas, of hunger. He can see color. He has to hold in all the pain from the memories for the community. It shows how bad our World actually is. Him and The Giver can't take the pain. They have to do something about it. But they can't, even though they have to. But they have a plan..."
"Turning twleve in any normal world would just be another birthday, but in the novel The Giver, Jonas is about to experience the the biggest day of his life. Living in a perfect community with no pain, hunger, color, or  differences between anything, Jonas is given his ""Assignment"" for  the rest of his life. He is given the job that is highly respected in his  community, the Reciever of Memory. As he recieves memories from an old man,  known as The Giver, he begins to realize that his community is not so  perfect and everything seems to be an act. He begins to feel out of place  because he doesn't agree with the rules and assignments the community  gives. But he can't leave his family and friends that he has been with his  whole life. Or can he? He decides he has to do something and fast. As the  novel ends it gets confusing and hard to understand. This novels is very  similar to Brave New World, but in The Giver, author Lois Lowry just keeps  you wondering, what if?"
"The way this book starts out, with the author telling how its been 20 years since its been written and how much it seems to have impacted readers around the world, I was excited to read this book.  After I finished I was quite confused and my comment was ""that's it?"".  I found the book to be unevenly paced and it left a lot of loose ends.  Since I had downloaded the entire quartet, I went on reading the 2nd book, hoping it would continue the story, but it seemed to have no relation to the first.  More loose ends.  The 3rd and 4th book had some tie in's but the pace of the writing confused me.  The author would spend pages and pages describing rock climbing details, but then only one paragraph on the final ""battle"" scene.  So many things were not explained and it left a feeling this series could have been great if the author had taken more time, but in reality I struggle to call it even good.  Im surprised by the accolades this book has received."
"My class was assigned to read this book over the summer.  Its about a boy, Jonas, who lives in a world of no feelings, colors, or any of the common happiness people take for granted everyday of their lives.  I think that this story really helps people to realize and learn to value all the small  things around you.  It also made me aware of my rite to choose.  Now, I am  going into the 7th grade, and as I said, i was assigned to read this book  for school, but i had also read it in the fourth grade.  I did understand  it, and I did enjoy it, but I do feel that I certainly enjoyed it more now  that i am older.  And I feel that it is more intended for older children,  not a Fourth or Fifth grade student.  But its your choice!  It was, though,  one of the best books I have ever read!  And if you like the author, Lois  Lowry, you should also try ""Number the Stars"" , especially if you  are looking for another outstanding story for a younger reader!"
"Lois Lowry is definatley a great writer, and this book proves it. Even though The Giver, the title of the book, refers to the Giver that Jonas works with, the book is more so about Jonas, which isn't found in any of her other books. Jonas's community is a perfect community. It's a community where there is no violence, there are no arguments, and there is no slang or poor speech. I suppose you could even describe his community as ""uptight"". I personally think it fits in the catagory of science fiction, though some may disagree with me. Jonas's community has very strict rules, and some even seem hilarious. Puberty in their community is called ""stirrings"". I couldn't help but laugh a little when I read that part, but it didn't make me take the book any less seriously. The Giver gives Jonas the memorys of the past that aren't found in their community. The Giver is growing old, and someone needs to take over. So, a new ""receiver"" is chosen. The Old, as the elderly are called, monitor what the children do during their volounteer hours. Jonas never focused on one particular thing, which made him perfect for the assignment. The previous receiver was The Giver's daughter, but his daughter could not take the stress of all the memorys, so she decided is was best that she was released. Release, as we find out later, is when they stick a needle in a person's arm and they, well, die.I definately reccomend this to anyone who is looking for a deep and very, very interesting read. You won't be dissapointed!"
"Eleven-year-old Jonas lives in a community where all decisions are made for you--your career, your spouse, and even your children. Everything is meticulously ordered, the choices so carefully made. Once you begin to have wants and desires, you're required to take a pill to suppress them. There are no deep feelings, no real sense of right and wrong, and love is meaningless and useless. The Elders control everything and keep everyone happy, healthy, and ignorant, as they are themselves ignorant and must look to The Giver--the person who knows all--for wisdom.When Jonas reaches the age of twelve, he's assigned a career based on what he did as a volunteer. Instead of being excited, Jonas is apprehensive about the upcoming ceremony-with good reason. He's selected as The Receiver, a very honorable position, and he must meet with The Giver every day after school to receive the memories of pain, war, destruction, happiness, and love--the memories of man from way back.The more Jonas learns, the more outraged he becomes. He wants to make his own choices, and he believes everyone should be able to choose what color of tunic they'd like to wear each day, but The Giver quickly tells him there are more complicated choices, and it's safer to protect people from making wrong choices when they're at the age when choices become important.Jonas learns that, yes, there is the pain of hunger, death, war, and cruelty, but there's also the happiness of birthday parties, holidays, spring rains, blue skies and sailing, horseback riding, and hugs and laughter. He learns that everyone should be able to experience making choices.Even though this novel was written for teens, I truly enjoyed it from beginning to end. Several conflicting emotions surged through me as I read ""The Giver""--at first it was anger that anyone could conceive of such a place, but mostly I was confused because I couldn't decide if the community Jonas lived in was truly a good thing. Part of me thought it was. People do tend to make stupid choices and mess up not only their own lives but also the lives of those around them. But the emotional side of me kept screaming, It's wrong! All wrong! Because I had the gift of wisdom, the knowledge of right and wrong, and an array of emotions, I couldn't agree with such a community. In the end I had to agree with Jonas and The Giver. No one should have the freedom of choice taken from them.At the end of the book, you, the reader, are left to determine what fate you think Jonas saw. Yours will probably be different from mine, depending on your optimism. I like to think...well, I wouldn't want to influence your thinking. Everyone should read ""The Giver"". It's a powerful, thought-provoking story."
"The story was about a boy named Jonas. The world that he lived in was very special. Everyone was under control, and they couldn't see color! The company ""released"" some people and you can ask to be released, too. There was no war or fighting in their world. The family in that world could just have four people a mother, a father, a brother, and a sister. Jonas was a 12years old kid. In that world, when the children were twelve, they would receive an assigned job, and they had to do that job forever. Jonas had a job: the receiver. This job was to receive all the memory. The Giver, who was the receiver in the past, gave Jonas all the memories everyday, after a year, the Giver told Jonas that if the receiver was gone then the memories that he received would go back to the people, so the people would see color again and ""remember"" things. Jonas wanted everyone to have the memories, so he and the Giver planned to escape from the community. At last, Jonas escaped! But everyday there were airplanes searching for him. There was no clear ending for this book, but I thought Jonas had died.  The center controlling the community seemed good. Everyone would live safely and never have trouble. The same things happen again and again every year. They called this ""Sameness"" Some jobs such as Jonas father in the story required killing people. That is too sanguinary.  I think I'd like the job of a receiver. Then I can remember the things that nobody can remember and see colors. I can call out some memory when I am cold or when I need it. But if everyone can see colors or remember things that are good, too. I think that ""release"" is too terrible. Put a poison needle into person's head and kill them! I would cancel that part if I were the writer. I think he was dreaming at last and his real body got frozen. Everybody can imagine their own ending. But I suggest that the writer can end the story clearly so I won't be confused. I guess maybe the writer didn't have time, so the writer didn't write the ending."
"I first read this book several years ago and have been rereading it ever since. Only recently did I learn that it was, at one point, banned because of ""explicit sexual content."" I had to laugh at this because the only thing sexual that happened in the story was something very natural to a young person's development. (Please remember that the protagonist is an adolescent.) It was also crucial to the story as it showed how the community attempted to stifle sexual and romantic feelings (this includes love) in its members.I have to admit that there are parts of the book that are too heavy for younger readers. Aside from the above-mentioned situation, there is euthanasia and infanticide. Yet these things are necessary for the reader to really understand what the characters' lives are like. They are a community without feelings, without history, without the ability to cope with anything that is out of the ordinary. Only two people in the story, a young boy named Jonas and an old man known as the Giver, have feelings, emotions and true awareness. Only they can see colors and hear music and experience joy, anger, sadness and other feelings. In the end, Jonas is smart enough to use all the knowledge and information that he has received to do some good. Instead of letting the community continue to hide, he and the Giver carry out a plan that saves everyone. (At least, that is what the plan was supposed to do. The story ends without clearing up what happened to the community.)The book teaches the necessity of sharing emotions--be they happy ones or sad ones. It teaches the importance of history and the richness of variety. Its ultimate moral lesson is that people cannot hide from the darker aspects of life, because in doing so they hide from all of life and ultimately from love as well. Then the darker aspects (euthanasia and infanticide, among other things) win anyway. We can't kill them by hiding from them: we have to take them head-on."
"I got this book from the library because my sister, who is only eleven, reccomended it to me. She said she enjoyed it, but obviously she couldn't have understood its true depth. I read this book in one afternoon, since it is short and the language simple, but it haunted me for days. This book made me so glad to be human; it made pain feel wonderful just because I could *feel*.The only word for it is spectacular. It made me cry when I found out about Rosemary, and I was ecstatic when Jonas took Gabe with him. The ending is a bit unclear, but I think it was meant to be that way. This book will never end, since we all have our own ideas about what will happen next. I love books that end that way, since they can just make me think for days on end. Some people have said that this book is sick, and not something they'd want their kids to read. I think that that's censorship, and isn't that something that this book talks about? In the book no one is allowed to read books, for fear that they might actually - gasp - think! By saying that you wouldn't want your kids to read this, aren't you doing the same thing? This book isn't sick, it just inspires contemplation. The plot is beautiful and at the same time frightening. I could spend years analyzing it, since it has to many different meanings. I found it terrifying, since Lois Lowry is clearly warning us about what might happen if people continue the way we're going: We long for perfection, but can there truly be a perfect world? I doubt it, since a ""perfect"" world would end individuality and rebellion.This book is wonderful, but it's not really suited for sixth-graders. If I were a teacher, I'd prefer to have ninth-graders study it, since I'm sure they would understand it much better. I'm thirteen, but I'm a bit ofa philosopher, and the other people in my grade who read this book didn't really grasp its true meaning.This is an amazing book. It may be a bit strange, but, all you people who say that it's sick and you'd never let your kids read it, have you even stopped to contemplate it? It's people like that who made Jonas's world the way it was. Think about it."
"Imagine a world of black and white, a world where everyone is equal and no one is capable of doing wrong.  There are no lies, no thieves, no murderers; everything is perfect.  This is the place that Lois Lowry takes us to in her distopian novel, The Giver.  She paints a picture of the perfect life; free from all wrongdoing and judgment.  There is also, however, no feeling.  The community that she artfully depicts fulfills almost any expectation.  This place, though, lacks hate, love, joy, grief, pain, sorrow, and even happiness.  The people of this numb community are always fed, but always hungry, not for food, but they are starving for some kind of Elsewhere, a place that they are totally oblivious to.  The main character in this fictitious read is a young boy named Jonas.  He is given the honor to bear the weight of the Memories of the Community; and often battles himself over this knowledge.  Jonas is constantly conflicted with his yearning to share his ability.  As soon as he received his gifts, he wished the community had abolished them, yet still wanted to protect the citizens from themselves.  Until one day, he discovers a horrible truth, one that drives him to do the unthinkable.  This book is a must-read.  Lois Lowry is has an excellent ability to drive a plot through its end.  The Giver is a powerful example of a distopian society at its worst, yet it still brings out the best in mankind.  This book compared to such books as 1984, Fahrenheit 451, and Animal Farm."
"My own personal grudge against the book comes from the extent of the writing profession, and how it beared so scary and remarkable a resemblence to one of my unpublished ramblings into the SF genre.  I had plans of doing a novel where all emotion is stripped away, set in a world much like THE GIVER.  Then when I read it, I was somewhat concerned for my own work.Anyway, this is often comparted to a children's 1984.  Yes, while it does bear resemblance to 1984, this book is wonderful on its own terms.  The story is the world has been taken down into a utopia, a place with no crime and no feeling, no true feeling.  The family establishment is essentially nil with no sexuality at all (this resembles the dominant theme in my own work).  Birth Mothers are the source of the population, though it does not give the identity of the fathers.  Work and family comes about by selection.  Jonas, the hero, has been selected to be the Reciever of Memory.  It is here he realises how shockingly sterile and devoid of beauty his world truly is.  The ending, somewhat vague, rewards the reader by not giving away to much detail.For those readers who will be travelling on to Orwell after this, go to ANIMAL FARM, my own personal favorite, and then 1984 for when they're older.Like all good children's literature, this book deserves to be read by both adults and children alike. Bravo Lowry!Other significant works by Lowry: Number the Stars.Mike London"
"The Giver, by Lois Lowry, is an excellent work of literature. It presents a stunning example of a futuristic, dystopian society where all facets of life are controlled by various rules and regulations in an easily readable format. Jonas, the novel's protagonist, is chosen by the council to become the successor to the Giver, a man whose job is to mentally store the collective memories of society. The book focuses on situations such as a society without individuality, the importance of choice, and how people react to finding out that the accepted truths of their world were at one point not the case. Ms. Lowry uses chilling imagery, such as the lack of color, the inability of most people to love, and the unemotional ""release"" of those who don't fit into the government's carefully laid out plans for a perfect society to establish a mood that, while somewhat bleak, is not entirely without hope. The story picks up as it progresses, shifting to a more tense, but still equally atmospheric, form. This tension is skillfully maintained until the story's conclusion. I would heartily recommend this story to all those who enjoy fictional works that focus on either individualism vs. society or potential visions of the future.- Benton Wilson (a member of the Mythology and Folklore VHS class)"
"Felt like the first half of a longer book.  I might have liked it if it weren't for the childish writing style.  It reminded me of a the way a 10-year-old tells you about his day-- ""First this happened.  And then this happened.  And then this.  And then this.""Just not really good overall.  As some of the other reviewers suggest, read 1984 or Brave New World, or countless others instead.  One might argue that this book has more of a metaphysical leaning but those concepts weren't really given the proper treatment.  The lofty ending might not have been as bad if the first 90 percent of the book weren't so matter-of-fact."
"Can you imagine a place where the people that live there have no memories of the past, no emotions, no colors, and none of earth's wonders?  The Giver by Lois Lowry takes place in this kind of a community.  Jonas is an 11-year-old boy that is about to turn twelve.  He is soon to receive a job assignment because at that age one is considered an adult.  At the birthday ceremony Jonas is chosen to be the only holder of memories in the community.  Once Jonas receives a few, he realizes that his community isn't doing anything regularly.  What will Jonas do to help his community see the error of its ways?  The Giver is a truly unique book because it tells about a different kind of lifestyle in a strange community.  The author has characters who mention and follow rules such as the ones that say only one group of people can chose the job assignments for young adults, and that is quite different from our government, so that makes it interesting.  You should read this book because it is very realistic and it has true emotions attached to the characters.  When Jonas sees the way his community is living, his emotions of sadness, anger, and regret are extremely vivid.  This book might appeal to you because it is an intriguing story that tells about a turning point in a young man's life.  In the story Jonas is turning twelve and experiencing ""stirrings.""  Also he becomes an adult in this book, and he has an extra responsibility.  Etudier un d'ordinaire livre et experience joie! (Read a book and experience joy!)  This one certainly is a keeper."
"The Giver is one of those books that you don't ever want to put down. The reader will get easily engrossed in the story, wanting to know what is going to happen next. This novel teaches people to be more appreciative of everything they have in their world. There are so many every day things that no one even pays attention to and take for granted. But after reading The Giver, your mind is opened up to how terrible life could be if the simplest things were taken away. For example our free will and our differences; without them we'd live in ""Sameness"" as the community in The Giver does. This book has been one of my favorites for the past 4 years, and every time I read it it's like I'm reading it for the first time again. It is a truly remarkable book."
"Jonas lives in world where everything is under control. Everything is planned out for everyone, and everyone is the same. If someone breaks a rule, they are released from the community. Jonas is selected to be the next 'Receiver of Memories' the person who gathers the memories of the past. This job includes pain, sorrow, and happiness. Jonas realizes that the world he lives in is not all that great after all.I have heard that this book has been banned from some schools, and personally, I think that is ridiculous. These are the only reasons that the book has been banned: a 12 year old having sensual feelings toward a girl he likes, and injecting a deadly needle into someone who is being released. Ok, well the injecting is not really pleasant, but the reader does not need to focus on that. For this book focuses on more important issues that that.The Giver gives an important message to people: Living in a world where there is independence and choices is better than living in a world where everything is perfect. Lois Lowry did an awesome job making this book. I like the way she always kind of hinted that the perfect world was not that good after all. I recommend this book to people ages 10 and up.HAPPY READING!"
"The novel The Giver, entailed many aspects of every day life in a typical  ""perfect"" or utopian society.  While reading this novel it  appeared that this society was to set in its ways.  They had every aspect  of a child's life written in stone before they were even born into the  society.  This appeared to be a little strange that all of this information  would be complete before the child even existed.  This is one of the many  aspects that occurs in a utopian society.  The novel had one main  character, named Jonas that the story was based around.  Jonas belonged to  a family unit, this included his mother, father and his sister Lily.  Each  family unit only consisted of a mother, father and a son or daughter.  All  of this information is written out before the parents and children reach a  certain age.  I don't know about you but to me this doesn't seem normal.  This novel is highly recommend to audiences of all ages.  As you read the  book you should think of all the so called normal things in our society and  realize that in the utopian society these things would never be heard of.  It is also a great novel to compare how other societies live, as compared  to our democratic society."
"This book is not for young children.  The issues that this book addresses are deep and disturbing.  Euthanasia, infanticide, drug dependence, depression, war, ""brain washing"", and deception are some of the issues this book addresses.I read this book knowing only the title and author.  It was captivating but the images are too disturbing for young children or even young adolescents.  I have my own children read this book when they are 16 or older and we definitely discuss it.  Discussing the book helps alleviate any shock they may experience and also helps to clarify some of the vagueness in the book.  It is science fiction.One of the reasons that this book is so controversial is that it is such an easy read while being about such heavy topics.  This is a ""childrens'"" book about an evil evil society.  No child should ever have to bear the burden which the author placed on Jonas.  But in cultures and societies today many children face far worse.Admittedly the ending is vague, however, a reader can make very positive inferences about the time of year and appearance of the town at the end of the book.  The book's message is one of hope.  The value placed on life and freedom is clear."
"When Jonas and the rest of the Elevens (surmised to be eleven year olds) approaches December, they know that the upcoming ""graduation"" is a significant change.  When they become Twelves, their jobs in the Community will be announced.  The Elders have been observing them for their entire lives, and they will hold these positions for the remainder of their time.  At the ceremony, Jonas is alarmed when the Elder in charge assigns him to the job of the Receiver.  He had never heard of the job previously.  For all of his life, he has been guided in acting uniformly with whomever was nearby.  How was he supposed to do that now? Nothing in his environment has variances.  Crimes have been banished.  Hate was out-ruled.  Love dissolved along with malevolence and bloodshed. As Jonas experiences the teachings of The Giver, he solitarily confronts life prior to his Community.  Memories that The Giver must pass on to Jonas are both excruciating and intoxicating, yet they make him think.  They force him to turn his mind on doubting conformers and apprehending change. Although the story can get a little sci-fi/freaky, the message it conveys superceeds all of its negatives. A definite must read."
"The first time I read this, t was a class assignment in 8th grade. I remember just feeling okay about the novel, it wasn't something I felt I should work myself up over. However recently my younger sister has gone into 8th grade herself, and she brought the novel home. I thought might as well read it again, because my reading supplies have been weak as of late. There is so much in this novel that I missed when I was younger the great themes, the 'colorful' characters,  and the big morale behind the story that I wish I would have picked up on as a child.The giver is centered around Jonas, and we watch him come into what will be the career he leads for the rest of his life. Jonas is given the job as an apprentice to the Keeper of Memories. Not the job he wanted. While underneath the wing of the Keeper he learns things about his society, horrible things, and he see's wonderful tings that no one besides he and the Keeper have seen. We also learn about The Keepers past life and the pain and joy he felt. Can Jonas stay in his society knowing everything that he now knows, or will he leave?A beautiful novel for children and adults alike. Please give it a read."
"All in all, The Giver was an interesting read. It was unconventional in its ways of storytelling and it took place in a dystopia that many tales steer clear of. In the Community, anything different or unable to follow the status-quo is discouraged, rather, punishable. Jonas, a young boy who is just about to turn twelve, is the main protagonist of this odd and twisted tale. It showing the walls he must overcome in order to unveil what he truly craved for in his life, as well as depicting many of the cruel realities of life. The story continuously shows the complexity of emotions and feelings and how a simple memory can change the outlook of one's future.In my opinion, this book did an excellent job of showing what another world would feel like. Or rather, it depicts a world where I am not granted with the same rights as I am in my current country. It gives a lesson in being grateful for what you have and it helps in learning to change the way things are if you are unhappy. Despite the confusing and strange ways of this story, I do recommend that it be read and understood because the themes provided are thought provoking for people of any age to view."
"Overall, the book, The Giver was a very good story to read, partly because it wasn't your typical every day story.  I think the author, Lois Lowry, did a very nice job writing this book.  The main character, Jonas, was chosen to be the new Receiver of Memory, a very important job in the community.  He held all the memories of the past so the community members wouldn't be troubled with painful memories.  The author described all of the scenes to perfection by using descriptive language.  The author also painted a very visual picture in my mind, and that helped me to understand what was happening in the story at that time.  But the book was also full of suspense, so it kept me wondering what was going to happen next, and wanting to read more.  Probably the worst part of the book was that it had a slow start, but then it quickly progressed from there.  The best parts of the book were the descriptions, theme, and suspense, outweighed the bad part.  Because of this, I think it is a book worth reading for all ages, both kids and adults, with a rating of four stars.  Cameron a sixth grader from Maine"
"The Giver by Los Lowry was a very clever way to say nothing can be perfect. The book is about Jonas, aboy who lives in a society where there are no choices, color, or feelings. Almost everything is done for them: their jobs are picked by a committee or elders, and their food is delivered  by dilvery men, but when Jonas is assigned to be the receiver of memory, a  job where you are given memories of love, he runs away to a community with  all the things he has been living with out.  I enjoyed the book a lot  because of its messafe: everything has a flaw. The book taught ne that  nothing can be perfect and that I don't want to be perfect. I enjoyed the  book to the very end because I enjoyed learning about Jonas' society. I  think the most interesting charecteristic of the novel was the ending. The  author left you to decide what was going to happen to Jonas. This ending  was unusual, so at first, I did not like it because I really wanted to  learn what happend to Jonas, but then, i realized what she was doing, and I  started to like the ending due to its peculiarity. That is why I am giving  it five stars."
"The novel ""The Giver"", written by Lois Lowry was written in 1994, and in the same year it got the prestigious ""Newbery Medal"". The novel is about a twelve year old boy, called Jonas, who lives with his parents and his younger sister in a future world, where  everything is O.K., or seems to be so. But when he gets his assignment, he  starts to  realize the lie of his society and discovers the  dark secrets  of the past more and more. The book has some positive and negative  aspects,for example  the sentences are not too long and often easy to  understand and on the other hand the vocabulary is sometimes really  difficult. But all in all this book is the best book I read in school. I  like the  plot of this science fiction story because it is not like many  other films and books with aliens and starships or something like that.  Maybe this story shows us the developement of ouf society in 50 or 100  years. So we should care about the future, the future of our children, so  that nobody can be manipulated in so many ways and individual life won't  get lost."
"The GiverLouis Lowry  The Giver is an exciting book. It is a very fun and interesting book but it also has good lessons in it. It is a good book for teens and up. I think that it is a very good book and everyone should read it at any age but if a young inexperienced child read it I don't think that they would learn very much from it. They also probably wouldn't get the whole point of the book.  The story takes place in what Louis thought would be the Future. So it is somewhat a real place. Personally though I don't think that the ""Future"" would be like this. The world is to into its ways of living, such as Christmas. Christmas is a big part of our society. And so is pain as well.  The story is mostly about a boy named Jonas and the Giver. Jonas is a boy who at the beginning of the story is 11 and later on turns 12 years old. He lives in a community of plain and orderly living. When he turns 12 he and all the rest of the ""12's"" get their permanent occupations. He was chosen to be the communities Receiver. His job was confidential and quite different from the other jobs in the community. The Receiver before him would give all the memories of both joy and pain from what would have been experienced today and before hand. All of these memories have been taken away from the community and should not be distributed out into the community ever again. Jonas struggled with it immensely. At the end of the book he finally leaves the community and goes ""Elsewhere"". The Giver is a very interesting character. He had kept many secrets from Jonas until near the end of the story. Secrets like who the Giver was before he became a Giver. Did he ever get married? Have children? Did he ever really have a true life in the community instead of being locked up with his memories in one room by himself? He is the one who helped Jonas escape to ""Elsewhere"".  I think that Louis Lowry did a very good job with this book. She had many good points and goals with this book. Many people have written books about perfect worlds and utopias but to some people that may not be their perfect world. After Jonas had been given memories about how wonderful Christmas or even just color is, his community was no longer his perfect little world. One lesson I learned is how we take so many things for granted. Like color, love from and for our loved ones and many other wonderful things. Even as simple as a boat ride or running across a field of daisies.  I like the way the author writes and I plan on reading more of her books sometime. During the time I was reading it I was so engrossed in the story that sometimes when I would get up from the book and I would be doing normal everyday things that Jonas's Community usually didn't do I would almost get afraid that someone would catch me doing it. It was like I was living in the book. It sounds weird but really it is wonderful. That is how I usually know that it is a good book. It is a very fascinating book and I feel bad for anyone who doesn't have a chance to read or who doesn't want to read it at all. I definitely recommend it to teens. It is a great book to read."
"Lois Lowry has created a book about the future. Lowry had created a whole new world for her readers; the world ""Sameness""; a world where no one can be hurted--except for the Receiver. The Receiver has to hold onto  all of the memories from the past: all the wars + all the bloodshed. But  the Receiver also holds onto all the joys which the community gave up for  ""Sameness"". When Jonas is chosen to be the next Receiver, his  ""normal"" world is turned up side down. When Jonas leaves the  community with Gabriel, he makes a hard decision. In this wonderful book,  Lois Lowry creates a world where everything is safe. I really enjoyed this  book, and I would recommend it to anyone of any age (17)PS:Servus Wunsch"
"On the surface, the giver is the story of a young man, Jonas, who is becoming an adult in a very strange world. There is no crime, every family unit is made up of exactly a mom, a dad, a brother, and a sister, no one gets ill, no pollution, every one gets exactly the career and job that they are perfect for . . . sounds perfect! But there's a downside, too. There is no color. Children, upon reaching puberty, are given pills that they must take everyday for the rest of their lives so that they will never have any sexual desire. And though the community is told that the old, the sick, and the disabled are ""released"" to another community, in reality, they are euthanized - many of them by Jonas' father. Meet the results of equality taken to an extreme. Lowry's ""The Giver"" contains elements of Plato's Republic, as well as Thomas More's ""Utopia."" This book is an essential read for any intelligent child, and an intriguing read for any adult. It's been several years since I first read ""The Giver"", and though I've read a bit of Plato and of More, I am still entertained and enlightened by this fantastic utopian novel."
"I remember reading this book in 8th grade and absolutely despising it.  I thought the writing was slow and that the plot was hollow.  Boy oh boy was i wrong.  This is a fantastic book (once you get through the first 50 pages) and presents some very poignant and though-provoking ideas about a future with no feelings.  I do think that the book did take a little to long to really get going, but on the other hand, i think it was neseccary.  We are so used to living in a world with color and emotions that the author needs to try and bore us to tears so that when emotions happen, they are shocking.  When push comes to shove, i think that this is an excellent novel for all ages.  The writing is clear and concise, and the ideas are daring. Now more than ever you see politicians attempt to  ""keep us safe"" from certain  things that could cause any sort of emotional response.  The Giver gives us a picture of what the world could be like with a government that retains total control over thoughts.  The picture is very bleak indeed.Meyer H BrownVirtual High SchoolMythology"
"Great sci-fi book with an Orwellian feel.  Good for ages 12 and up...  Read ""Son"" for the ending of the story."
"Imagine a world with no poverty, no sickness, no criminal intensions, a utopia you could say a perfect world apart from today's violent society. There are no colours, and no love, the community itself is very strict and organized run by a counsel of elders, who decide everything from who will receive a certain role, and one ordinary boy has to bare the incredible burden of being the Receiver of Memories, the most honored and respected job in the community. Jonas is that boy he had to receive personal lessons from The Giver (the previous receiver of memories) learning the truth about the world, digging into the past and Jonas will change his fate and discovers a dark secret that may change his life forever. I thought that this book was just a must read once I started the book I just couldn't put it down. It's like the book catches you in a trance. But the only bad thing about the book was that I thought the book ended too soon, it just jumps from the most climatic part of the story to the end. Overall, it was amazing this book is a must read and out of 5 I would rate it a 4.5 ."
Such a beautifully written story. Couldn't put it down. An absolute must read - great family read aloud (kids 11+).
"The Giver The Giver is a very well thought out, original novel. Written by Lois Lowry, it is filled with interesting ideas in every chapter. It's a pretty simple read but with a sci-fi feel. It's hard to know if it took place in the future or the past. When I read it, I was full of questions as was the main character Jonas. At the beginning, Jonas is an 11 year-old boy with unique qualities unlike any of his friends or family. When Jonas attends the annual assignment ceremony, he has no idea what job he will receive for the rest of his life, but he could never imagine the one that he is selected for. All in all, The Giver is a remarkable one of a kind book and I highly recommend it."
"Bizarre, disturbing, twisted: that is what I think of the Giver.Imagine a world where you  are told how to act, think, and what your future is going to be. That is the life of Jonas in which there is no laughter, no color, and no induviduality. As Jonas reaches twelve his life changes forever as his place in society.As the new ""Receiver of Memories"" Jonas finds out the powerful memnories of the community. He also learns that his predacessor went stir crazy and ""released"" herself. As he sees these memories Jonas realizes that there's trouble in paradise. As yu read this book the plot thickens as Jonas suffers a blow on the homefront. It's a great book, but quite on the eerie side."
"This book is amazing.  It has the most intriguing plot of most any book i have ever read.  It deals with a young boy who lives in the ""perfect world""--no sickness, pain, hunger, divorce, or any of the troubles in our world.  But when it is time for his job to be chosen Jonas is selected  to be his community's(more like an isolated city) Reciever of Memories.  Suddenly the horrible truth is revealed to Jonas- the truth of his utopia  type world.  This is his revelations about the world before this, and his  reactions and decisions because of this.  It is a book that I read every  year, as I have for the past 7, because of its wonderful plot, and  captivating ideas.  A must have."
"The beauty of this book is that it is pushing people to grapple with the ways that any society could limit itself to ignorance, while not actually pointing the finger of blame at any wizard behind the curtain. Not only is the story epic and brief, making it perfect for younger or simply impatient readers; but it is beautifully crafted. As you move from one line to the next, you will find it hard to foresee whether the next feeling it stirs within you will be shock, awe, comfort, disgust, and so on. This is a daring little story, aimed at the big enemy we could prove to be for ourselves. Buy one for everyone you know who isn't afraid to face the darkness with both eyes open!"
"As in other fine, classic books that address the great questions of society, The Giver quickly establishes its necessary mood of impending doom. At bottom line is the question that the great and fatal experiment of Communism asked during the last century, the question asked by the myriad attempts at establishing utopian societies: Can human beings be trained/coerced/tricked/cajoled into behaving themselves? Every generation must face this question and usually discovers the answer only through the agony of trial and error, for the answer it seems, is always, resoundingly, no. Four stars rather than five? As with Nancy Farmer's The House of the Scorpion, I found the book wanted at least some small kind of humor to enliven and soften the heaviness of the plot. There is indeed a place for humor in writing that deals with profound issues as Mark Twain dealt with the questions of racism, freedom, and slavery in Huckleberry Finn. Therein, I think, lies the difference between great literature and simply very fine literature."
"I enjoyed the book The Giver By: Lois Lowry. The Giver is about a boy named Jonas who lives in a community that everything is the same. Jonas is selected to be the new reciever of memories, which is an extremely important job. The receiver of memories holds all of the memories of the past so the community doesn't have to bear them. As Jonas takes on these memories the excitement begins. I enjoyed the characters in the Giver because they were different and interesting. I loved the plot because it was exciting and suspenceful. The Giver is one of a triolgy of books. The second is called Gathering Blue and the last is The Messenger, they are all relitivily related."
"If you like books that have no clear CONCLUSION, then this book is for you.  If you like books where the author (that would be the person who is suppoed to be WRITING the book - which would entail FINISHING the book) feels its ok to let YOU decide what happened to the characters at the end of her book, then this book is for you.  I am one of those people who believe that a book should have a begining and middle and an ending (CONCLUSION).  Call me crazy!  The book has such a great premise, only to be TOTALLY ruined by the ending (or non-ending).  Do not waste your time - there are so many other really good books out there to read.  Just not by Lois Lowry."
"This is an exciting book! It tells what seems that Lois Lowry thinks might be the future! It is like when there is no color, no music, no wars/battles, you never get hurt...it is like a totally different world! You live in a dwelling with a mother who isn't your birthmother, a father that was assigned to you ""mother"" and a sibling of a different gender. It is so exciting! Jonas (a boy who is curious about OUR world) gets assigned to one of the hraddest and MOST important jobs in the whole community. The book is a huge adventure and has a wonderful ending! This book was probably the best book I have ever read and best I will ever read!!!"
"My son bought The Giver at a bookstore. After he read it he asked me to read the book because he thought it was not only a fascinating story, but very educational. I wasn't sure I really wanted to read a teen book at first, but once I started reading it I couldn't put it down. I read the whole book in one day, and I'm sorry to say but my family had to fend for themselves when it came time for dinner.Lois Lowry does such an excellent job of describing his characters, especially Jonas, and the city where everything is controlled. This is a great read for middle school students through adults. I would gladly recommend it to all my friends."
"I have read The Giver 4 times--twice to myself and two other times to other people. This is one of those books that should be read more than once, just because of all the information in it. The Giver starts off slow, and migh deter some younger readers, but once it gets a few chapters in it becomes very intriuging and thought provoking. This is a wonderful book for young kids to first realize and understand the freedoms and other important things we have in our world today. This also teaches that sometimes living through the bad in life is worth it to get the good. I really cannot say enough about this book. It is simply excellent."
"I randomly picked this book up at the library and couldn't put it down once I started. Honestly, I was expecting the sort of teen horror stuff that Lowry is famous for and thought it would just be a quick read. Well, it was a quick read, sure, but certainly not easy to get out of my mind. It really has some great themes to discuss with others. I was thoroughly absorbed in the story and the characters and thought that Lowry did an excellent job of creating the world inside this book.I would recommend this book to adolescents and adults both and think it would be a very interesting book to discuss with both groups."
"I really liked this book but it kinda wierded me out. It was definately different from any other book i have ever read. I think it should have explained certain things better though. I've read it twice. First in 5th grade and then in 8th. My 5th grade teacher refused to read it outloud  because it dealt with some issues that may be not be suitable for 5th  graders and i agree with him. Now as a freshman i think i understand the  book alot more. I think it also makes you realise how much we take things  for granted, like color or real families. I would recomend it to anyone  looking for a different view of life."
"In ""The Giver"", a 12-year-old boy, Jonas, is selected to be the new Reciever of Memory in his Community.  He soon finds out that the world he lives in is not ""perfect"" as it is intended but full of murder, infanticide, and suicide.  The people in the Community can also not see color or have feelings.  Jonas decides to do something about it.  If you look in the dedication section of ""The Giver""  It says, ""To all the children to whom we enrust the future.""  This made me realize that if we are not careful, the children of today could let our world become like this.  They are making the history of tomorrow."
"The Giver is a novel about a Utopian city. Everyone in this city is perfect. If they are not perfect, there are serious consequences. When you are 12, you are given a job. When you request it, you can apply for children. You don't choose your spouse, your children, or your job. The irony of this book is that the so-caled ""perfect city"" is really not perfect at all. I didn't exactly like some of the ideas in this book, but it did make me think. If you like books that are interesting, and make you think about certain things in our world today, then you should read The Giver."
"So much potential for a really great story, but the ending was confusing, disappointing. and went no where.  I am left feeling that somehow the whole book didn't make it to my kindle. I ""get"" the message of the book but there are so many more  worthier reads.  Enders Game is a good one; it had a beginning, middle and ending. How about 1984 or Animal Farm. In the end this books just didn't have enough depth or mental challenge for me.  Granted I'm in my 70's and not 12 so maybe that's the problem."
"Wish I had read this book as a Young Adult. Even as an adult reader, I couldn't put it down."
"1.5 STARSI know a lot of people read The Giver as part of school English, but since I didnt I knew that I was going to before I saw the film. From what I heard it was a classic, and one of the first dystopian books that started the whole craze, yet I found it boring.Thats what I would have expected from a book youre forced to read as part of English because teachers hate us like that, but it wasnt what I was expecting after the major hype from people with similar tastes to my own.I found the whole thing rather bland I found the whole thing rather bland (and not because thats the point of the world Lowry created) but because there was no action, or romance to get behind; or even characters that stood out and made you root for them. It wasnt a very enjoyable read in general; sure it was quick, but that was because it had such a small page count and not because I was so interested that I flew through.It was basically a screwed up utopia, which now that I think about it is the premise of most dystopias. However it seemed to me that it could be easily fixed if The Giver simply backed off and stayed huddled away in his little corner, until Jonas would replace him and do the same. It may seem a little shallow of me; I know this is where people comment on the books depth and everything, but it seems like the easiest answer. (Also I dont think I care enough about the people in the society to want change to happen).This is just one aspect where the movie looks to be very different from the book; after all its what Hollywood does best, right? Even from the trailer I can see that there will be more action and maybe even a little romance between Jonas and Fiona that was non-existent in the novel. So I will see it, but I wont be continuing the series, especially since I have the option which some poor students didnt.Posted on: http://enchantedbyya.blogspot.co.uk/"
"Eleven-year-old Jonas lives in a ""perfect"" society: there is no war, no poverty, no hunger, no sickness. Everyone has equality and there is Sameness exists. Everyone is given a job when they turn twelve, and Jonas is quickly approaching this important age. Jonas is selected by the Community to be the very honorable ""Receiver of Memories,"" in which he spends time with The Giver and learns all of the memories of things past. The Giver is the only one who knows the truth of what went on before Sameness, and now it is time for Jonas to begin the process of taking those memories from him.I've been wanting to read this book for a really long time. I have no idea why I waited so long! I inhaled it. It is absolutely incredible. Ms. Lowry did an amazing job creating a society that is free of worry, free of pain, free of anything troublesome. Everything is, well, just lovely. At least I thought it was, because Jonas thought it was.......until I realized something HUGE about the way Jonas sees things. I mean, about the way he *literally* sees things with his eyes! Wow! Jonas only realizes that he and the rest of the people in his community are being completely deceived in their perception of things when he spends time with The Giver and receives some memories that are very confusing to him.As Jonas begins to take on the memories of the truth of the past before Sameness, he realizes that along with things like warfare, poverty, pain, hunger, there was also the warmth of sunshine, the beauty of color, the chill of snow, and the delight of rain. He realizes that he has a choice: to let the rest of the community continue to live as they are...without knowing any of the good and the bad of the past and also without the ability to choose anything for themselves, or he can make them aware of all that they are missing. What they don't know can't hurt them, right?Jonas and The Giver make a plan to carry out their decision...and then their plan A turns to a plan B...and things get a bit crazy and chaotic. My heart was thumping almost out of my chest! Even though Gathering Blue and The Messenger (Lowry's sequel books) are not part of the challenges, I will absolutely read them in the not too distant future...I would love it if everyone I knew read this book right now. It was that good! I will recommend it to everybody. I can't believe it has been in existence for so long and I am just now getting to it. But thank goodness I did! I finished it several days ago and cannot stop thinking about it."
"I didn't read Young Adult Literature when I was a young adult. For years I didn't know I had missed anything. What I realize now is that I lacked the adult that could steer me toward enjoyable but well written and thought provoking novels for young adults. My English teacher was busy pushing the classics and I can't fault her for that. The school librarian was more of a multi-media manager and while I liked him and spent hours in the library, I can't remember him ever suggesting a book. My parents weren't big readers at the time and my ""adult friend/mentor"" was letting me borrow her Jack Weyland novels.This is what I regret now as I discover amazingly well written Young Adult novels such as The Giver by Lois Lowry (I do remember reading her Anastasia books). During a conversation with a friend last week who had borrowed and read my copies of the Hunger Games trilogy, she asked if I had ever read The Giver. I had not. Neal is assigned to read Lowry's novel Number the Stars this month for school, so while I was buying it, I added The Giver to the order.The Giver is a dystopian novel. Published in 1993, it predates the current popular dystopian novels and it is obvious that it inspired at least a few of them. Living in a ""utopian"" society, Jonas and all the other twelve year old children are given their work assignments at a ceremony. Surprisingly, Jonas's assignment is a great and rare honor. He will be the new Receiver of Memories. The former Receiver becomes The Giver as he transfers all the memories to Jonas.The Giver is cerebral. It has depth and symbolism and irony and wit and could have inspired a very interesting discussion in my high school English class (I graduated in 1993, so I would have missed it even if my teacher had included Young Adult lit in her curriculum). It is a beautiful novel--one that I will suggest to all the young and old adults within my meager influence."
"I should probably preface this review by saying that I first read this amazing novel in the 7th grade (age 13).  I say this because of the many 1-star reviews warning parents of the ""dangers"" of children reading this book.  I have to agree with this on some levels, but probably not on the level as most of the reviewers.  More on this later.The Giver is a very complex and enthralling novel about what life would be like if our society strived to exist as a ""perfect"" utopia-like community.  Jonas, along with all his friends, have their careers chosen for them, the less intelligent children being forced into laborers or ""birthmothers"".  Jonas is decided by the elders to be a very special child, and is sent to study with an old man who can transfer memories of a distant life to him.  Jonas must now carry the burden of these memories alone.The overall tone of the novel I found to be quite sorrowful.  From The Giver's own loss to the society's way of dealing with overpopulation, I found myself tearing up on occasion.  The idea that no one, except perhaps for Jonas and the Giver, can experience ""love"" is just beyond horrible.  However, there were many parts of the novel I found to be uplifting and just plain fun to read, such as the interaction between Jonas and his sister, Lilly.Bringing in my original statements about children reading this, I do feel that the novel's true meaning might be a little out of reach for younger children.  That would be my one reservation when recommending it.  HOWEVER, I don't think denying this book to children simply because of the ""violent"" sections (it was what, one paragraph?) is doing anyone any good.  If a child has the intellectual capacity to understand the book's point, let them read it.  I read it at the young age of 13 and have read it many, many times since.  While I found the goings-on of the society quite shocking, I did not have nightmares and to be quite honest, I found myself remembering other parts of the book more than the parts that seem to be so controversial on here.My point is, this book is a classic.  Every now and then, I find myself picking it up and reading it in the span of a few hours.  Each and every time, I gain a new perspective on the characters and story.  It's one that should not be missed."
"Lowry, L. (1993).  The giver.  New York:  Bantam Doubleday Dell Books for Young ReadersSynopsis:  Life is perfect when everything is given to you.  Jonas lives a happy life with his family unit.  All his life, Jonas has lived in utopia, a perfect society where no one feels pain, experiences starvation or is ever left to want more.  There are no wars, crimes or fears in his world.  There are rules and guidelines for how each person dresses, wears their hair, and apologizes for transgressions.  Everything is under perfect control.  Or so it seems!  On his 12th birthday, Jonas receives an important assignment and has no idea how it will change his life forever.  After the assignment ceremony, nothing remains the same.  Suddenly Jonas' world is turned upside down.  All the value he found in his life is now a web of lies and a controlled environment.  Set in a futuristic small community environment, Jonas, who has been sheltered from pain and pleasure his whole life, will now become The Receiver of these suppressed memories from the community's past.  As he receives memories, Jonas realizes that all the choices in life are made for the citizens by the Elders.  He begins to understand that the control of their entire lives is the price that the citizens must pay for the community's utopian society.  Once Jonas receives the truth, it ""colors"" his whole world forever.Evaluation: Readers quickly realize this story is fantasy.  When Jonas describes the ""sameness"", population control, lack of pain, suffering and pleasure, the reader is sure to understand that Jonas' world is a utopian society full of necessity and lacking freedom of choices.  The citizens' experiences do not include color, music, or love.  When Jonas realizes the level of control in his society, he uses this knowledge to become assertive and change his destiny.  Lowry carefully balances the values of freedom with the necessity of security in our lives.  The plot is full of surprises and leaves readers hanging on the edge of their seats.  This book provides an abundance of conversational topics appropriate in multiple settings.  Used in the home or school environments, children are encouraged to analyze the benefits and deficits of a society like Jonas'.  Educators are bound to use this text to compare students' lives with Jonas'.  Students aged 10-17 are likely to find this story captivating."
"Lois Lowry's eye opening novel, The Giver, really does make you think, ''Is the grass greener on the other side?''The story takes place in an imaginary, timeless society where people are assigned roles or tasks in life, even child bearing and memories.  Twelve year old Jonas lived a very normal life in his community. With strict rules and many deadlines to follow, everything was perfect and as normal as could be. All that changed when he is assigned the job of Reciever of Memory.  The Giver, a very old man, was very nice and wise. He withheld many secrets awaiting his new Reciever. Jonas takes on many wonderful memories, yet harsh ones too, especially when he finds out the terrible truth about the Community, their past, and himself!  My favorite scene is when he is recieving the memory of when the people are poaching an elephant and when they run away from the dead animal with its tusks. Another elephant comes out and gives a big roar and places a tree branch covered in leaves on the body and walks away. To me that is very touching and shows that even the animals are very loving. Jonas found it very sad because he had not ever seen anything die. It showed great feeling to people or things we care about, but Jonas was very saddened by the elephant who died and the elephart that was left behind.  I say this book was very good. At the beginning, it was a little confusing, but it all folds out it the end. It really makes you think about differences of how you and Jonas live. This book was just right for me. I found it fun to read and would recommend it to anyone. You will find great descriptions and a wonderful imagination, so if you like to be on the edge of your seat while reading, go get that book."
"Lois Lowry's The Giver is quite a remarkable book; it has something in it for everyone.  I first read the book when I was in Seventh Grade and had re-read it several times before recently reading it again as part of an upper-division college literature course.  I have been fascinated by this seemingly simple novel for so many years-every time I come back to it, I find new ways in which I can apply it to my life.  The Giver is laced with some of the most beautiful symbolism.  In many ways it is alive, the book itself seems to change and adapt to an individuals needs and circumstances.When I read the book for the first time, I was about the same age as Jonas, the pre-pubescent boy who is to become the most respected leader of his community-The Receiver of Memory.  I could relate to his feelings as he questioned the future and tried to find his place in life.  I read it several times throughout junior high and high school and I became especially aware of the relationships which Jonas had with his friends and family.  As he began to acquire knowledge (memories), he could see just how impersonal and rather meaningless his most cherished relationships were.  This prompted me to develop stronger, more meaningful relationships with those whom I love.Now, as a college student, I relate to the book in much the same way I did when I was in seventh grade.  I can more fully appreciate Jonas' apprehension about the future and his ability to actually make a difference in the world.  He has powerful emotions, which if left unchecked could be disastrous; so do I.  He has a passion for understanding the people and the world around him; so do I.  He again questions whether or not he can actually make a difference in the world, but gradually begins to see that he can; I am beginning to see that also.  These feelings and emotions are shared by all young men (and presumably young woman also) and Lowry does an amazing job of helping young people realize that they do have great potential to change the world for the better.Along with the symbolic nature of the book, Lowry does an outstanding job of creating a visual feast for the readers of her novel.  As I read it, I become a part of it; I can see so clearly in my mind everything that she is talking about.  One of the most striking examples of this is how she uses color-in a book?-to show how limited this society is.  People in Jonas' community see only in black and white, but occasionally Jonas sees red-on an apple or in the flesh tones of people's skin.  Over time, he begins to see more colors and with the colors come wisdom and understanding of the suppressed nature of his people.These are the some of the things that make this a powerful and moving book.  The nature and content of the book appeal to so many because it addresses the basic needs of all people.  To sum it all up-a book for all ages with timeless lessons to be learned from it!"
"Can it really be nine years since I first read The Giver?  Even now this book still resounds with me.  Some of it has to do with the very open-endedness that has so unnerved some revieweres.  The reader begins with fascination at the perfectly-ordered community, which transforms into revulsion.  This is a book that rather than simply presenting straightforward answers, is more an invitation to introspection and debate.Take one single scene, for instance--the one where Jonas' father ""releases"" the newborn twin.  It is clear that he's bothered by that side of his job--he even makes somewhat of an effort to try and spare Gabriel that same fate, yet he does nothing to stop the release of the twin.  Even when it is Gabriel's term, he relents to the will of the community.  But in his society, would it even have been possible for him to develop a rebellious mindset, after having been controlled to a degree not even the Communists could accomplish?  This makes one wonder--is Jonas' father a good man in spite of what his society has indoctrinated him to do?  Aristotle suggested that a person who lived in an eternal coma (which the state of Sameness could be considered) could not be virtuous, because his or her virtue has never been tested.  So can there even be a such thing as a good or evil person in a society where there is no true freedom of thought or choice?I must admit, I find one reviewer's dismissal of the book simply because certain scenes such as the release of the newborn twin ""did not agree with [their] beliefs"" rather narrowminded--if not a demonstration of the very attitude that created the hell of Sameness.  Is that scene repugnant?  Absolutely, and that is the intention.  The whole point of that scene is to show the horrible price society and the individual pay for conformity.  I do not think children should be shielded from this reality.Although it leaves more questions than answers--this is not a bad thing.  For instance, it seems that clouding the history of how such a Sameness was accomplished adds to the ""timeless"" sense of the novel.  And many of the philosophical questions are well worth the mind-expanding debate.  All in all, this is an excellent book I would even recommend to adults."
"I've read The Giver three times in my life. Once on my own in 6th grade and I didn't get to finish it; I still regret that to this day. Then I read it in reading class in eight grade. I was so amazed. It stunned me how it was so well written. Lois Lowry's imagination is outstanding. It felt as if I was right in the book with Jonas. I just finished it for the third time  this year in my tenth grade English class, and still the book gets better  every time I read it. It's about a twelve-year-old boy named Jonas, who  lives in a real but yet far from reality world, where there is no crime,  pain, or wrongdoing of any kind. The elders of Jonas's community assign he  and his fellow Twelve's to their life occupation.  You'll find out that  Jonas is special and so he gets a job that only one person gets. He's  chosen to be the receiver of memories in from the Giver. Jonas begins to  find out things in his community that no one else except he and the Giver  know about.  The thing I like the most about the book is that Jonas's world  has a controlled environment and they have a pill for everything like pain  and feelings."
"i am glad i put time into reading this book. i have read it at least five times. there is such an irrelevant controversy over it. when there was an article about it in my newspaper, i wrote an article, not expecting it to  be published. it ended up being published, jump-started my writing career.  i highly reccomend this book. it is truly a masterpiece."
"I thought that the book was kind of weird. It was mostly about a perfect town but the did not really live the way people where made to live. Basicly they don't have feelings or know about anything from a normal town. The people do not know war, love, hunger, they also didn't know what dieing was, and no one new that released ment killing some one."
this book was AWESOME! i loved it. i thought it was very interesting. the book is about a boy named Jonas in the future. he lives in a perfect community. he becomes the reciever of memory and has a very importiant job. this is a book everyone should read. there are alot of good points in this book. you will never expect what happens next.
"What is the ideal society that you can imagine? Would you like to be happy? Does a society with no war, no disease, no pain or suffering appeal to you? Would you like to have someone else choose a very compatible mate for you and not have to worry about dating? How would you like a job that is guaranteed and is enjoyable and fits your interests and personality? The Giver is about such a society. What is the trade-off? What is missing in the peoples lives? The Giver is a very thought-provoking book.Jonas lives in this community. His thought his childhood was delightful. However, at age 12, he knows he will be assigned a job. He is apprehensive about the prospect. What does he really want to do? He is not sure. Everyone in the community is assigned an occupation that suits his or her abilities. In a special ceremony, children who turn 12 years old in a given year are grouped together.  He sits in the auditorium and watches and listens as all the other children in his age group are assigned jobs. Jonas is the only one left without an assignment. Is something wrong?At the end of the ceremony, he is finally called up and told he is to be a Receiver. This is the highest honor. He is to be trained by the Giver. The Giver is the only one in the society that has any sense of history; he is the depository of memories. The others live only in the present. The Giver is to transfer his memories of the human race to Jonas, for the Giver is old and tired and needs to be replaced.This society is one of conformity. Sameness is fostered and rewarded. All the houses are identical. Haircuts, dress and activities are strictly regimented. Everyone sees grayness; no one even sees colors. Only the separate job assignments differentiate the members. They are told how to act; they are told how to live. Everyone takes a pill to keep all passion at bay. Only superficial discussions of ones feelings are allowed; only certain feelings are appropriate. The people know vaguely about Elsewhere, the outside world, but they stay in the Community and do as they are told.When Jonas starts receiving memories from the Giver, he experiences pain and suffering but also love and freedom of choice. He also begins to see the world in color. He is told he can lie about his training and not tell anyone what he is experiencing.  Jonas is careful of what he says at home now. When he is asked if he dreams, he says no, because his dreams would not be acceptable. He does not tell them that he has stopped taking the pill to suppress passion. His feelings and emotions grow, and he tries to hide these from his family and the others in the Community. The Giver is the only person who knows what he is going through. Jonas thinks the other people in the Community tell the truth about their jobs. Then one day, the Giver allows him to watch a video recording of his father at work with his job taking care of infants.  Jonas had always thought his Dad liked the infants that were in his care. This view was reinforced since his father brought home an infant named Gabriel who needed some extra care. Gabriel was not learning to sleep through the night; he was different than the other infants in the ward. If he did not learn to sleep through the night he would be RELEASED. Jonas soothes the boy to sleep by acting as Giver and sending the child peaceful thoughts. The child does not sleep when he is in the new infant ward, however.  Jonas learns that Gabriel is to be RELEASED.In the infant ward, twins have been born. Twins are not allowed in the Community. Only one of the twins can be kept. The other is be RELEASED. Jonas watches as his father weighs each of the twins and sets aside the smaller of the two. Then his father calmly injects the smaller twin in the head with a lethal chemical. The boy dies.  Jonas is devastated. He had always looked up to his father.  Jonas now knows what RELEASED means. He had thought that those who were RELEASED, including the disabled and the elderly went to a heavenly place in another community. Jonas now knows that RELEASED means death. Shocked and scared, Jonas knows that his father has been lying to everyone about what he does. Is everyone lying about his or her work?Jonas is disillusioned and decides to leave the Community, something that is forbidden.  He realizes that the Community is a horrible place; it is a dystopia, not a Utopia. Jonas hoards some leftover food (all leftover food must be put out in front of each house) and prepares for the right opportunity.The Giver helps him escape. He escapes with Gabriel and is pursued by helicopters. Freezing and nearly starving, they reach a hill and look down upon a lit up house below. A family is sitting cozily in a living room with a lovely Christmas tree. The scene is a memory that Jonah had received from the Giver. Is this real or is it just a memory? Are Jonah and Gabriel safe in Elsewhere or are they dead?What information is kept from us in todays world?  It is easy to see distortions of truth in our media.  Misinformation is spread rapidly though the Internet as well as television, and, probably, our newspapers. We see many different cultures in the world, and they all have their version of reality.Medical doctors often give tranquilizers and antidepressants to dull patients emotions. There is some parallel here to the pill that every 12 year-old child in the Community must start to take daily to get rid of passionate feelings.  Does not great art and music need passion and intense feelings to be inspired?"
"In this unspecified empire (neither the USA nor the UK, where nopresident or monarch is referenced, nor any monetary system is mentioned since there is no need for it) Jonas is about to turn Twelve with his Age Group. But on this official Naming Day he is forced to wait until the very end of the ritualized ceremony--with formal apologies for the ensuing emotional inconvenience and inner turmoil of confusion. He is stunned to learn that he has been selected by the Council of  Elders to become the apprentice of the Giver.  Highly revered but isolated from daily human interpersonal relations the Giver is the Receiver and Keeper of Public Memories--a kind of social archivist for the Community. The only man who knows the truth about their flawed history and brutality: war, poverty, disease, crime and most of all--Pain--all of which have been eradicated from this seemingly perfect society.  For the Community is sheltered and Protected from all stressful knowledge of its own violent past--where people repeatedly made the wrong choices. It is decreed that only the Giver may--indeed Must--retain these terrible memories: to advise the Elders when consulted.  Here in his safe, sterile utopian world Jonas never had to make any decisions; he did not get to choose his life work, nor even would he mature to select his life partner. In fact, as the future Giver, he is instantly treated with utmost respect by everyone-- even adults; best of all he is free to lie--even to his own family. But will the freedom to learn all suppressed knowledge affect his satisfaction with his reprogrammed existence? The quality of visual Sameness is valued in this community, where color has almost been eradicated. Thus his green ayes make him an object of curiosity--and a potential candidate for this exalted position. Ah, but what happened to his young, green-eyed female predecessor?Will Jonas prove just another complacent cog in the wheel of revisionistAnthropology? Must he endure the pain of past generations--just to spare the masses of the present both physical and mental anguish?  Jonas come of age in a rush as he experiences the agony of all mankind and realizes that his own father has lied to the family about his role in Nursery.  He now knows that the aged are ""Released""--not to a lovely peaceful place--but actually receive lethal injections and are shunted out through tubes to ignominious burial. It's all a sham--a lie!Unusually compassionate by nature Jonas fears that Gabriel, a toddler who is not responding to extra home nurturing, will also be Released. Determined to save the rejected child AND himself from a life of mental torture the youth defies convention and decides to escape this stagnant empire by bicycle. It's a race against the search planes as he struggles to reach the outpost, where real people still live in a world with color. Hands down, one of the best YA novels I have ever read, THE GIVER is for ""adults"" of all ages!NB: The grim old man depicted on the cover is presumably the aged Giver, who instructs young Jonas in his crippling lifestyle. Lois Lowry took this photograph herself when visiting Sweden. The only loose end she admitted to was not having explained how the Birth Mothers conceived; most likely by in vitro--since sex was taboo and sexual urgies were suppressed by daily pills."
"""Our people made that choice, the choice to go to Sameness. Before my time, before the previous time, back and back and back. We relinquished color when we relinquished sunshine and did away with difference. We gained control of many things. But we had to let go of others.""This book reminds me of a short story I read in college called Ones who Walk Away From Omelas by Ursula LeGuin.  In the story there is a girl kept in a closet or small basement that basically is kept in pain, neglected and left in squalor so the rest of the society can be perfect.  This has sort of the same premise that one person carries all of the true memories of happiness, pain, suffering, love and every other emotion you can think of so that the society can be oblivious to how empty their lives are but think they are happy.This is a deep thinking book about society and choices.  Is it better to give up everything that makes people unique so that everyone is equal and everyone is treated the same or should people be given the memories of joy and pain to be able to choose for themselves.  No one in the community knows what true pain or happiness is.  They have worked it out in the community so that no one even sees color, everyone gets exactly the same provisions, kids get the same clothing, and everyone becomes a 2 or 7 or 12 at the same time during a ceremony no matter when they are born.  The  Giver is the only person in all of the community that has any true memories and he carries the burden for everyone.  Jonas becomes his apprentice as he is chosen to be the Receiver of all memories.""And here in this room, I re-experience the memories again and again it is how wisdom comes and how we shape our future.""While it doesn't go into the workings of how you can filter all true memories to one person, or make all the land look the same, or weed out the ability to see color it is an interesting concept.  I can see how this would be a great discussion book in a philosophy class or sociology.  It is all an interesting concept.  What happens when you truly know what emotions are, should you keep them all to yourself and be the chosen one to carry the burden for everyone else or should you walk away.Parts of the story are a little slow for a MG/YA book but the World Building was interesting and everything in the book makes you call into question how there society is working and should it continue on the same path or is Jonas powerful enough to bring change to the community.This book is not for everyone but it has a powerful message and would be great for a book club discussion group.  Definitely not a light read."
"How many years have I known about The Giver? Why haven't I read it before this? Students who have read it always say what a good book it is. It's just one of those things, I think, kind of what my sister calls such things: ""It is what it is.""I take my lunch  most days and eat in the library where I work. Twenty minutes of quiet time. I always take whatever book I am currently reading. One day I forgot.  No way am I going to just sit there, so, aha, what book catches my eye? It's time I say.The Giver by Lois Lowry won the Newbery Award in 1994. That means it was voted Best Book in older children's literature for that year. Devil's Advocate that I am, I always want to know what books were in contention, the Honor Books. They are Crazy Lady by Jane Leslie Conly, Eleanor Roosevelt: A Life of Discovery by Russell Freedman, and Dragon's Gate by Laurence Yep, all worthy choices.So, The Giver. Set in a nameless community in an unidentified future, the story is about a utopian society or seemingly, depending on whose opinion is being solicited. No hunger, no domestic violence, no deformities or disabilities, no painful and lonely old age, really, basically no worries. To accompany those realities, no color, no variations, no differences, no choices. Ah, this utopia begins to look dystopian. Yes?No, of course not, why would you question? Choices, colors, differences have been removed. How can one question if one has no frame of reference? That's where the character of The Giver comes in. In this society children go through a naming ceremony when they reach the age of twelve. The main character, Jonas, has no idea what his future will hold. He has no particular interest in any particular field.During the ceremony Jonas is skipped over, only to be given his future at the very last. Receiver. Keeper of the community's Memory. Jonas will be the next Receiver, an assignment held with such reverence and awe that Jonas can hardly fathom that he is the one to be trained by the old Receiver, who will now become The Giver. Therein lies the rub.The Receiver is privy to all that has been erased from community memory: color, smells, bird twitter, tastes, things now controlled and wiped out of existence, such as snow, and sunshine, and forests. Things that make life interesting, but certainly unknowable. Things unpredictable. Love. Family. Yes, certainly, Jonas has a family of two parental units well-chosen for compatibility, one annoying sister (some things don't change), and a temporary baby.Jonas's dad is a Caregiver, meaning he takes care of babies. This particular baby shows signs of not adjusting--he cries when it's time to sleep, so Dad brings him home to socialize him. If this doesn't work, Dad will be required to ""release"" this baby. During Jonas's training, during the transfer of memory from the old Receiver, now called The Giver, to the young Receiver, Jonas begins to learn differences. Jonas in the belly of the whale.And a plan is formulated. There is a sequel.Newbery, yep, definitely."
"I read this book twice.  The first time, I read it in one night, which I rarely do.  The second time, I finished it in two nights.  It's basically about a 12-year-old boy named Jonas who lives in a perfect world.  There is no crime, no poverty, no illness.  Everyone is happy and all is well.  Then he and his friends are given their careers.  Jonas gets the job of retaining memories of how things used to be--before the world became a perfect place to live.  He visits an old man called ""The Giver"" who is the one who gives Jonas the memories.  Over time, as Jonas receives these memories, his entire view of the world changes as he learns what is real and what he has been taught.  For example, he starts to see color.  Apparently, this peaceful, ideal world is in black and white.  I thought this was a fantastic idea.  Then Jonas stopped taking pills that he, his friends, and adults take.  These pills inhibit sexual desire.  In fact, no one has sex.  There are birth mothers who carry babies and that is how the human race continues.  Well, when Jonas stops taking these pills, he starts getting these desires, such as falling in love with his childhood girl friend.  He also recalls pain, illness and war.  So it's not all pleasant stuff that he's being taught.This book is actually more gloomy than books I typically read but the author did a terrific job of pulling me into Jonas' world and I had to keep wondering what was going to happen next.  Some of it made me cry.  *spoiler alert* He discovers that babies who aren't developing normally are euthanized and when the elderly reach a certain age, they are euthanized as well. But you see, the people in this world are told that the babies are going to another family and that the elderly are having a big party before they head off somewhere else.  It is Jonas' love that develops for the baby his father brought home to nuture (because the baby wasn't developing normally--he had delays in his development) that leads Jonas to run away with the baby before the baby can be euthanized.  Well, Jonas manages to escape with the baby and he's searching for the place where people will be like him (now that he's changed).  The final thing Jonas experiences (after who knows how long he's been gone) is sledding down a hill at Christmas time and looking into the window of a house where a Christmas tree is hung and there is a fire in the fireplace and there's love and happiness.  Then the author makes it clear that this is a memory that he dies remembering.  Very sad.  I still get teary when I remember it because I really wanted Jonas and the baby to make it.Now on the flip side, it wasn't a completely sad ending.  When Jonas escaped, the memories he contained ""leaked out"" and the people began to remember these things as well.  The book ends with the people coming to the Giver and wanting to know what to do about these memories, some good, some bad.  The problem with the perfect world was that people lost their humanity.  Even though pain is part of the human experience, good emotions are part of it too, and to give up the bad, they had to give up the good.  Love and compassion seemed  to be the thing these people needed the most, and at last, they will get it back."
"Lois Lowry's The Giver has just made my top-ten list of favorite books.  Although I am a senior in college, this is the first time I have ever delved into the intriguing world of The Giver, and I found it fascinating. The story revolves around a young boy named Jonas.  Jonas has grown up in a supposedly perfect society where no one experiences pain or suffering and no one has to make their own choices.  Everything about their lives is carefully controlled, from how they wear their hair, to their jobs within the community and their assigned spouses.  At the beginning of the book, Jonas is about to become a twelve and receive his assignment within the community.  Jonas learns that he has been selected to be the new receiver of memories.  The giver is the man who currently holds those memories, and he begins to give some of those memories to Jonas.  As Jonas receives these memories, he learns of a long forgotten world, a world full of pain, full of sorrow, full of color, full of joy and full of love.  It is as he begins to learn about things such as sunshine, war, holidays, and family that he begins to realize what is missing from the society he lives in--depth of feeling and the ability to make choices for oneself.  Jonas struggles as he tries to adjust his new knowledge in to the perfectly ordered society that he lives in.  And the more he thinks about how things were, and how they could be, the more he begins to wonder if things can change. I gave this book five stars for two reasons.  Number one, as a life-long lover of books, I particularly enjoy reading a story that is very unique, even for its genre.  Although one could argue that The Giver is similar to other dystopian novels such as 1984 or Anthem, I thought that Lowry's approach was quite original. The second reason that I loved this book is because it was thought provoking.  It truly made me ponder the importance of choice, the necessity of experiencing pain and sorrow to understand true joy, and the significance of feeling and being loved.  Unlike other dystopian novels, this book didn't seem to be a political statement or a warning of what society could become, but rather just a story that raises questions about what is most important, and what a perfect society truly is."
"This book is a wonderful story about a boy in a perfect- world community; at least he thinks it is, until he is chosen to be the ""receiver of memory"": the only one who knows the truth. He goes to an old man, the Giver, every day, who makes him see the horrible truth of his world.  Some people say that this book is disturbing and scary, and I will not dissagree with that. But it is not right for them to ban it from libraries just because it makes them uncomfortable thinking about it. The point is to think about it, and realize what we're doing wrong in our community."
"This book was the best book I ever read it was odd and weardbut I caught on to it the book has good grammer it also hasdetail. The main character is Jonas, the Giver is the character that has feeling's and the other people that live in the community. The author then talk's about how perfect they are in the community, but Jonas find's something what happens even though nothing seem's wrong in the perfect community because they have no feeling's. In this book it tell's you everything that it need's to tell well thats pretty much how it goes."
"The author of the review ""A Horribly Written Work of Fiction"" obviously is not thoughtful reader. To rant about how stupid it is to give a 12-year old a job in the story is just ridiculous.It appears that this author is just mad because they read it in school. They are wrong, as this is a well-written and very deep book. Lois Lowry is telling us how a society without any emotion is not a perfect society. It is an exciting, quick-paced adventure, and the ending is excting and leaves you to think about what you have just read."
"I first read this book when I was 21 and more than a little hesitant to read what I deemed a ""children's book.""  I could not have been  more wrong.  This is an amazing book.  A new 1984 aimed at young adults,  but an unbelievably great read for persons of all ages.  This is one of the  only books I have ever been able to read more than once, and it has not yet  ceased to amaze me.  I highly reccomend this for readers of all ages, and  see it as one of the best written and most original stories I have come  across."
"In The Giver there is a boy named Jonas. He is an eleven year old boy who lives in a supposedly perfect world, a world without hunger, sickness or any danger. It is a time in the future when everything is perfect and no one ever gets hurt. But in this world, while they ignore the bad things, they are also getting rid of the good things. They are getting rid of joy and love. I recommend this book for anybody that loves adventure, and a good long book. I hope you enjoy this book if you read it.by warren chan"
"First id like to clarify that i am NOT kari regier. i am her 11-year-old son. Secondly I AM NOT A KID! So if you think that a kids review has no meaning whatsoever that is perfectly fine with me. you can move right on down to the next review, but mine is just as good and helpful as the next one. thirdly some people who hear ive read the Giver are surprised and think that i am to young to read the book. There are no violent or inapropriate parts (in my opinion) in this book. However i do not suggest that children under eight years of age should be allowed to read this book. This is because there are one or two parts of this book that are a little disturbing. This is a very Wonderful book. I highly recommend that anyone eight or older should read this book."
The Giver by Lois Lowry is an AWESOME book.  I was assigned to read it for my Freshman Pre-AP English class.  It was kinda slow in the beggining but  after about 10 pages I couldn't put it down!  This book really opened my  eyes to how horrible it would be to not be able to chose anything and see  absolutely no color!  I even shhhed my mom a few times while I was reading.  On a scale of 1 to 5 I give it a 10.  It is a MUST READ!  I know that it  deserved every award it recives!
I recently wrote an essay on this book. My topic was about how there can never be a perfect society. Our society today isn't great but if we force away the bad things then the good things will go with it. Just like in the  Giver. This bookgoes very deep and I would not recommend it to anyone under  8th or 9th grade. this book is really an adult book written so that a 5th  grader could read it.(despite the newberry)  This is a really meaningfull  book and I like it very much.
"This book starts with an interesting concept but quickly devolves as the writer introduces ideas that she does not (cannot?) explain.  The final 1/3 of the book really fizzles out.  It's as if the author lost her way or lacked the wherewithal to clearly complete a story that started with such promise.  Maybe she was under  time pressure to fulfill her contract.  Disappointing.  She might as well have finished it with ""and then he woke up and it was all a dream""."
"Thank you Amazon for recommending this book as I never heard of it.  I read it one sitting and wanted more at the end!The book is a combination of Brave New World and Logan's Run.  People live in a community where everyone is happy and conditioned from birth.  All life's professions are chosen by the community elders at the child's 12th birthday.  All society misfits and extreme elderly are ""released.""The story centers around Jonas, who is approaching his 12th birthday.  At that time there is a ceremony where he will be told his life's profession and then begin the training for it.  Jonas will begin a unique profession where he will learn the truth behind the community he lives in and all the things that mosts people are not permitted to ever know.  Above all he will find out what happens to those who are ""released.""  What he learns will either make him an important advisor to the community elders or go on a journey to find what he is missing!"
"Reading The Giver right after finishing Williams' Stoner was a mistake. Now that I'm done with it, I feel like I had just completed a satisfying meal complimented by a delicious dessert, only to reach for a glass, take a sip, and find out it has sea water in it. My palate is ruined.I must admit that, before writing this review, I looked at some of the reviews posted on Goodreads. I also must admit that either my literary tastes have been spoiled by past quality offerings, or that most of the [over one million] people who rated this book have no idea what quality fiction is. Whatever the real case might be, I feel sad.Where should I begin? Oh yes, at the beginning. The Giver lacks originality. Those who read widely will probably find elements from other books and stories, done and overdone ad nauseum.The premise of The Giver vaguely resembles the ideas put forth by Plato about 2500 years ago in his The Republic. The idea of a society where predetermined ideas replace choices for the greater benefit of an unknowing populace has also been explored in many utopian and dystopian books alike. Unlike the original proponents of such ideas, The Giver does not have a clear path to follow, as it dabbles in both utopia and dystopia without any clear direction. The entire book is composed of a fabric so full of holes, that an alert reader simply cannot take the information presented for granted.Instance after instance, the reader is offered a 'fact' which contradicts reason, yet the author either does not consider the reader intelligent enough to see this, or valuable enough to bother with an explanation. Simply put, the author asks the reader to suspend disbelief without providing the necessary path for this to occur. To me, this is both insulting and a sign of laziness.Let's assume, for a moment, that I was writing a novel, which takes place in a world where everyone walks. Suddenly, the protagonist takes off flying. As an author, I would have to create a backstory, a believable explanation why the protagonist has ability unique to him. Lowry, however, does not bother with explanations. Acts are presented as a matter of fact, despite their pertinence to the advancement of the plot, and there is no justification.The plot itself, if it can be called that, is rather shallow at best. Imagine, for a moment, a society where feelings are superficial, emotions are unnecessary, and a ruling body makes choices for the populace, which is unaware of the lack of reality, that ensure the smooth continuation of the utopia. Then, out of the blue, a boy with a power to see beyond (unexplained) is told that he was selected to carry the pain of memories for the entire community (again, no explanation why the regular citizens do not have memories, emotions, et cetera). The boy begins to receive memories, both painful and joyful, and mentions to his teacher that it would be better if all citizens had memories. The teacher agrees, but reasons that he has thought the same for ages, and could not find a way for it to happen. The teacher recalls an incident where an earlier apprentice quit and the memories transmitted to her escaped and entered the citizens. Suddenly, he and the boy realize that this is the way to enable the citizens to have memories, and they hatch a plan for the boy to escape the community so that, once he leaves, the memories he has will return and enter the population. Wow. Really? Ahem . . . boring. There are so many holes in this, and the author does not bother with any explanations. How are the memories contained within only one individual? How do the memories leave that individual and enter the population? How come the memories cannot leave the physical boundaries of the community but the individual can? Why does the 'giver' not leave himself do accomplish this? Why did it take him ages to figure this out? How come no one has done it before?Okay, what am I, an idiot?Thus, as a utopian/dystopian tale, this fails.Some, however, view this as a coming of age story, since Jonas (the protagonist) has an awakening and finds his consciousness. Again, I cannot view this work seriously as a coming of age story, because the awakening is mediocre at best, and the required character arc is lacking. Jonas might have had an awakening, but it was nothing groundbreaking. It was more like: Oh, I have a power. Oh, I'm learning things. Hey, my father has been lying to me! Okay, this should stop. I'm outta here before they kill the baby, which recently entered my life.The story had the potential to explore the disenchanted nature of the protagonist, the buildup and the excitement of discovering the truth, only to have the weight of the truth crush him. It had the potential to explore inner turmoil, the will to rise against injustice, deception, and the wrong rule. But it did not. It presented the tale in an arc that was rather flat.The plot and characters aside, I found the writing somewhat dull. It lacked on many levels.In conclusion, I must admit that I am, perhaps, more critical in my review than necessary. Nevertheless, in light of the countless glowing reviews posted on Goodreads by English Majors, educators, and readers, I feel it is my duty to be critical. When numerous books of higher literary merit are overlooked and virtually unknown, a book awarded the Newbery Medal should live up to the standards associated with that prestigious award. Looking back at it, I do not see why it was awarded."
"The Giver is a book I hear a lot of people fondly recalling from their childhood, so I wanted to check it out.You know what books I fondly recall from my childhood? A Wrinkle in Time. The Xanth series. The Dark is Rising series.This book? I'm glad I didn't read back then.Because it's not just simplistic (ok, appropriate for middle grade, I understand) but completely underdeveloped *and* heavy handed in messaging.SPOILERS AHEAD! (sorry, I can't review this without giving a few away)This book spends the most effort setting up a utopian world that's governed by rules and entirely revolves on the fact that nobody remembers anything outside of their life experience (and they aren't allowed to read books, so no absorbing through empathy).Although the only two characters with any time spent on them (The Giver and Jonas) exist within this world, their sole motivation to break it wide open is never explained. Generations of Givers have struggled with the obvious moral implications of their passive acceptance of the system (which they're pretty much at the top of...I mean, if anyone is the Big Bad here, it's the Giver, and there's only one of him) but somehow the existence of Jonas pushes the current Giver over the edge. And yet, the story doesn't touch at all on the Giver's choice, only on Jonas' narrative (which is also pretty simplistic: instead of asking internal questions, he whines, constantly).It sets up a plot and then changes it retroactively and, in my opinion, clumsily, which diffuses the tension instead of building it up. It also breaks complex moral choices with a lot of consequences into an issue of infanticide, thus allowing Jonas to be the Hero Who Never Thinks About What He's Doing. And thus, the hero whose actions are going to cause a lot more pain and suffering than he's ""saving"" Gabe from.And then....it ends. I was waiting for Jonas to grow as a character (somehow. anyhow. Please!) and suddenly he's biking toward a town with Christmas lights (to the book's credit, I didn't see the super Christian allegory until that random moment) and The End.WHAT?! What did I just read, here?? It's not a dystopian, it's not a coming of age, it's not a journey adventure (or at least, not a very compelling one). There's absolutely no conclusion to be had, and because there's no character development driving the plot, I have zero motivation to pick up book two.To no one's surprise, I don't recommend this. Have your kids read Gregor and the Overland series (which is entertaining, emotional, AND well written) instead.(and also, the narrator reads this book like he's talking to a three-year-old. Very distracting and bad, and the constant insertion of musical interludes drove me nuts)"
"I had brushed past The Giver a number of occasions, and it was only after watching the movie did I bother to give this title a go. While I enjoyed the book, it wasn't one of my favourites, and felt like it was an echo of Divergent (actually the other way around since Divergent was written later  but that happened to be the order I read them in).This book focuses on human rights, identity of self, and right to choose. However, I would have liked to see the film tackle it more head on. I feel that the social aspects weren't discussed properly  merely topics introduced for discussion without truly being explored. Quite possibly they are themes that are carried through in the subsequent instalments of The Giver quartet, but with not addressing them enough in this debut, it felt a little wishy-washy for me.I liked how all Giver/Receivers had blue eyes, signifying that it was a genetic trait that enabled the person to assume the position, (because the entire community is engineered). And eluded to the community being sterile and monoethnic.Jonas was very young when it came to assuming the position of a Keeper of Memory, and I had issue with this. The narrative sounded and felt too old for someone of that age. Plus the responsibilities and tasks felt way too important to be entrusted with someone so young. The passage of time took years through the storyline, which added credence, like Jonas was undertaking a real apprenticeship.Jonass turning point illustrated great character development as his discovery and growth lead him to the ultimate climax of The Giver.Having Asher as a Recreational Director helped illustrate the naivety of war, through Jonas reaction to his games which I felt was one of the ore powerful moments in this novel, even if it was only a brief passage.I found the book satisfying, its underlying commentary on identity and community handled well for a young adult market. Overall, however felt unfinished and not fully discovered. Its not something Id recommend at this point, however, for curiositys sake Ill read Gathering Blue, the second book in the series, and hope that is becomes more poignant to hold my attention."
"Dystopian teen fiction is pretty hot right now, with blockbusters like ""The Hunger Games"" and ""Divergent."" But the grandaddy of them all was ""The Giver.""And long before it became chic, Lois Lowry produced a hauntingly memorable story set in a world where emotions are suppressed, and only ""The Giver"" has the power to change it. It's a powerful little story -- whether read alone or with the three loose sequels -- with haunting prose and some very strong characters, as well as a message of compassion and acceptance.A young boy named Jonas lives in a rigid, joyless community where people use emotion-deprivation pills and adhere to insanely strict rules -- they have no conflict, poverty or discrimination... but they also have no love, no fun, and no creativity. When Jonas is selected as the Receiver of Memories, he is suddenly flooded with feelings and memories of both the good and the bad from humanity's distant past.And as he comes to realize what his people have lost in their quest to be the same, Jonas begins yearning for the world he knows must exist outside the Community. But his quest becomes a more personal one when he discovers another price for the Community's existence: the ""release"" of babies that they don't deem good enough. The only one who can change the Community is Jonas.Pretty much all young-adult dystopian fiction owes a debt to the Giver Quartet -- it has young people discovering the cruelty and callousness of their societies, and finding different ways to rebel. But Lowry doesn't shy away from asking the serious questions in her story, such as lack of respect for life (if it's inconvenient or doesn't fit in), kindness, compassion, and the good AND bad roots of what it means to truly live.Lowry's writing is simple but poetic, winding through with some quietly eloquent language (""Behind him, across vast distances of space and time, from the place he had left, he thought he heard music too""). And she fills the story not with bombast and battle, but with tragedy and quiet triumph -- and while we can see that Jonas' actions will have shattering effects, his rebellion against his cold, sterile society is an oddly quiet one.And as this book is the quiet grandfather of current dystopian fiction, Jonas is the quiet ancestor of the Katniss Everdeens of today -- he's an innocent young boy who discovers what being really alive is about, and the joys and horrors that come with it. He's not an action hero, but an everyman... well, everyBOY hero, struggling with the complex questions of what he should do to make his world ""right"" again.It's also worth noting that while ""The Giver"" is part of a loose-knit series, it can be appreciated as a standalone novel. However, the ambiguous ending is less ambiguous with the sequels that came some years later, which explain what happened to Jonas and Gabe -- which was rather controversial, since it ""ruined"" the ending that fans had decided was the real one.""The Giver"" is a powerful, haunting little novel, like a quiet song that resonates powerfully in your memory -- and conveys some powerful lessons about human nature and compassion. A true and deserving classic."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry in one word is fantastic. By the end of the story, I was overcome with the conclusion that I do not appreciate the beauty of life as I should, and I was also made aware of the dangers concerning a life abounding in conformity. I do not wish to lie, from the very beginning of chapter one, I was troubled with an unsettling eerie feeling of restlessness thanks to Lowrys cleverness in illustrating a demented controlled bureaucracy. The entirety of the book is both dreary and burdensome, but so worth the read; such an eye-opener.One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful.  Sigmund Freud3 Things I Liked:1. The simplicity of the story conveyed through the chapters; a positive message for everyone to read2. The Giver! His meekness, the respect and honor he holds towards the memories he has been entrusted to carry despite how burdensome the task may be3. The ending. Which reminded me so much of Peter Van Houtens Imperial Affliction; the ending has infinite possibilities!3 Things I Did Not Like:1. The book is recommended for children 7+ I personally would not recommend this book to any child as I feel that it supports sensitive issues such as: suicide, genocide, self-medication to suppress general feelings2. I know this is totally unrelated to the book, but I have not liked the negative reviews the movie trailer has received; I am choosing to stay optimistic about the movie.3. Not enough chapters! Way too short! Give me 400 pages worth of reading! XDMy Favorite Quotes:' The worst part of holding the memories is not the pain. Its the loneliness of it. Memories need to be shared.' You will be faced, now, with pain of a magnitude that none of us here can comprehend because it is beyond our experience. The Receiver himself was not able to describe it, only to remind us that you would be faced with it, that you would need immense courage.' Today is declared an unscheduled holiday.' I dont know what you mean when you say the whole world or generations before him.I thought there was only us. I thought there was only now.' Gabe? The newchild stirred slightly in his sleep. Jonas looked over at him. There could be love, Jonas whispered.' If everythings the same, then there arent any choices! I want to wake up in the morning and decide things!' For the first time, he heard something that he knew to be music. He heard people singing. Behind him, across vast distances of space and time, from the place he had left, he thought he heard music too. But perhaps, it was only an echo."
"There is so much to love about this book, and so much that was deeply disturbing.  It is a world that, on the surface, seems as uptopian as one could imagine.  But is it really a utopia?  There are so many aspects to the world of The Giver that, for me, are as far from utopia as humanly possible.Much of it was reminiscent of Huxley's Brave New World.  Key parts of humanity have been stripped away.  Color, art, individuality, emotion.  Even child birth is more of a manufactured process that is dehumanized.  Social control is scary at best.  But these very disturbing things are exactly what make our main character Jonas so unique and instantly sympathetic.  This is a book about choices, about waking up and seeing things for what they truly are.  It is about determining your own future and deciding for yourself what is the most important.I love a book that makes me think, that makes me question my own reality.  This is a book that does that.  It makes you question what aspects of humanity are truly important.  What would you be willing to sacrifice for a ""better"" world?  And what would a ""better"" world look like?  Is it worth lose wide emotional range that is an inherent part of humanity?  Is it worth losing a traditional family structure?Things to love...  --The depth of the messages.  --Jonas.  He is one of the few characters that we, as readers, can truly understand.  --The world.  The world of this book is intriguing.Things I wanted more/less of...  --Resolution.  What happens to Jonas?  To Gabe?  To the community itself?My Recommendation:  While this is technically a young adult novel, it has some rather deep themes that are just as intriguing to adults.  This is an engaging read for fans of utopian/dystopian worlds."
"I could not put this book down.  I thought this was a fascinating engaging story with a message, as I understood it, about how our choices, or lack of choices in this case, affect us and others.  This society lives according to the ""Sameness.""  They essentially eliminate individuality.  Jonas learns about the horrendous hypocrisy he didn't know he lived with.  The people are under the faade of perfection when in actuality there is severe discrimination.  A person was to be ""released"" if they made mistakes too often that were not in line with the rest of the communists...I mean community.  I figured out early on that whenever the word ""released"" was mentioned it had a negative connotation.  There were very intense moments like murder of an infant.  It was startling to read scenes like that.  ""Released"" proved to mean something much more sinister than just letting someone go ""Elsewhere.""  (I would recommend this for young adults, not for anyone younger than a teenager as it is listed.)The people suppress feelings with a pill so there is no love or hatred, no more hunger, fear, or war.  At the age of twelve they are assigned their position in society and Jonas is given the role of ""Receiver""--the keeper of the community's collective memory.  (His instructions were interesting on page 86, specifically his exemption to the rules in regards to rudeness.  He was permitted to ask any citizen any question and he would receive answers.)  Should something happen to Jonas, all of the memories he received from the ""Giver"" would be transmitted back to the citizens in the community, forcing them to experience feelings and emotions that they have never had before.  So their job for life is chosen, their spouse, even children are chosen for them--one boy and one girl per family unit.  No one raises an infant.  Interesting.  Children are one year old at the time they go to a family.  It was odd, unnatural even, how biological families didn't exist.  It was strange how the community could not see brilliant colors, rather everything was drab.  I was curious when Jonas first started seeing red and how he experienced memories from the ""Giver"", like his first sunburn.  It raised other unanswered questions-how did they do away with color, and snow, and how did they erase the sun from existence?  There was definitely a touch of magic in the story that was never explained.  The end felt slightly rushed and it was open-ended.  I don't know if it continues in the next book to give more closure but it was still highly entertaining.  I look forward to seeing how this translates onto the big screen."
"The Giver is perhaps one of the reasons why dystopian novels are suddenly gaining popularity these days.The Giver gives us a break from the usual fantasy adventure, sci-fi and thriller books that we've come to love. The Giver brings us into a whole new world wherein the community just feels creepy and alien.In the Giver, we follow the story of Jonas, an ordinary boy who got the initial shock of his life when he was appointed as the successor of the ""The Receiver of Memories."" Jonas and all the members of the perfect community do not feel pain nor the depth of emotions nor experience dreams. They were like robots trapped in a human's body where everything is just perfectly organized. Their roles in the community are dictated not by their choices but by the community officials. Although, they do not hurt each other and piously follow the rules of the officials, they do not know the real feeling of love, anger, sadness and most of all, the feeling of real happiness. All they have is a superficial emotion, dictated by the rules of the Society.As Jonas trains to become the Receiver of the Memories, his life suddenly took an interesting turn as he explored the depths and complexity of human life.  It is then that Jonas realized what he and the community are missing. The past memories that have been given to him by The Giver were like a breath of new life. Realizations came to him that his world is far from what real life is.The Giver's story is absolutely captivating and yet scary.  For some reason, it gave me a feeling of melancholy. What I did learn from it? Tons. Respect for cultural diversity. A lot more appreciation to this crazy world. Appreciation that while we experience hardships in our lives, it made us resilient and a lot more invulnerable to pressures.This is life and no matter how unfair and crazy it is, we still need to be thankful that there's still a silver lining out there... the colors, the individuality of every people, the different things that make us happy and most of all, the authenticity of just being human.I'd recommend this book in a heartbeat.  It is startlingly intense even without the gory and violent details."
"Lois Lowry slowly and steadily builds up to the startling revelations in The Giver that adult readers know are there, but will take younger readers by surprise. One can't help but feel a sense of unease when reading about a utopian society: what they offer comes at a great cost to the individual. While the individuals in The Giver live a life free from bad things such as physical and emotional pain, it comes at a cost of their freedom to choose, their freedom to feel. Of course, the citizens have no idea what they are missing; they have been trained to have such a precise vocabulary that extremes don't exist. When the main character, Jonas, says he is starving, his elders correct him. He can never starve, because food is always provided for him, but he can be hungry. On the surface this sounds like a wonderful place to live, however Lowry demonstrates that in order to live in a world with the greatest amount of good, there must also be evil.The Giver, like 1984 before it, focuses on the importance of language to control a community. Words can only take on meaning if we have learned or experienced that meaning. When the Giver first tells Jonas about snow, Jonas is confused because he has never heard of nor experienced snow. Jonas, after experiencing the memory of snow, cannot then tell of his experience to the community because the word, and the thing, does not exist in their memories. Similarly, color does not exist, and so there is no concept of red or green or yellow or white and so on. Even in their feelings, the people of the community are trained to know only the less severe of feelings. When Jonas feels that he is frightened, it sounds wrong to him until he realizes it isn't fear he feels, but anxiety. Fear, like starvation, can't exist in a world where terrible things can't happen.Also similar to Orwell's concerns of totalitarian communism, Lowry has concerns about societal ""sameness."" This sameness is what creates the most secure world, as it's only in differences that danger lies. Citizens aren't allowed much in the way of personalities. Of course, the system does account for those inevitable differences that people have. People are tracked into certain jobs based on their unique traits. But to call these differences personalities might be a stretch. It's difficult to have a personality when you're not allowed to lie, for example, or when you must robotically accept every apology thrown at you (and those are quite frequent). The ideal society that Lowry sees is colorless and consists of a nuclear family of a mother, a father, and two children. Think of the scenes from Edward Scissorhands where all houses look the same and everyone leaves for work at the same time. The sameness Lowry fears is not something in a communist nightmare, but a modern, capitalist society. She asks, how far is a society that's not allowed to think for itself willing to go to protect its perceived sense of security?"
"Louis Lowry's The Giver is an award-winning Young Adult fictional novel found on the shelves of many Language Arts teachers and libraries. Many have summarized it as a coming of age book that is about a 12-year-old boy, Jonas, who lives in a perfect society. Lowry writes on the back cover, ""Everything is under control. There is no war or fear or pain. There are no choices. Every person is assigned a role in the Community"".When Jonas receives his life assignment to be the Receiver of Memories, he discovers secrets about the past, and the terrible choices that make this world possible. The previous Receiver, now called the Giver, trains him.The author continues, ""The Giver alone holds the memories of the true pain and pleasure of life. Now it's time for Jonas to receive the truth."" Gradually Jonas comes to understand, and resent, the choices that had to be made to create his world, and the terrible secrets behind its perfection. Together he and the Giver concoct a plan to change the way his world works, but before they can carry it out Jonas is forced to make a decision that may destroy them all.For me as a student teacher and a parent of five adolescents/young adults, I found The Giver:* To be thought- and conversation provoking. I found the best part of reading The Giver is the many conversations it inspires -- from life and death, love and pain, and more.* To be anything but controlling for the reader. For a novel that is about control, I loved how Lowry left Jonas and Gabriel's fate up to the interpretation of the reader. The last moments of the novel were told in such as way that it allowed the reader wonder if Jonas and Gabriel's lives had ended (or released).* To be disturbing at times. I am concerned about age-inappropriate content for middle school students, including occultist themes and violence, sexually explicit material and the ideas of drug use, suicide and euthanasia. I found several passages unsettling:* Jonas' father punctures a newborn in the top of the forehead with a syringe full of lethal fluid. He talks to the crying baby, gently saying he knows it hurts. Then he nonchalantly wraps up the dead child and puts him in a trash bin.* Jonas and other young volunteers bathe the elderly in the House of the Old. People are forbidden to look at others naked, but this rule doesn't apply with infants or the elderly.* When Rosemary, the failed Receiver of Memory before Jonas, seeks release, she asks to inject the needle into herself.While it may be commonplace for images as such to be on television and in the movies, I would want to make sure my students had plenty of opportunities to discuss, write, and or illustrate their thoughts and feelings.For me, the positives far outweigh the negatives of reading The Giver. This classic is a must read for all students who seek to broaden their understanding of life."
"From its terrific opening line (""It was almost December, and Jonas was beginning to be frightened"") to its closing image of an exhilarating sled ride, this work of speculative fiction keeps the reader engaged and thinking. Imagine a closed community in the far distant future which has no animals, no music, no weather apart from mild nothing, and no love. It's a village from which variety and diversity have been expunged, full of people who do not experience strong emotions or perceive colors.The rule-driven community runs like clockwork: everyone has an assigned job, mate, and children. Difference, disabilities, and dissent are simply not tolerated. As in the dystopian novel Brave New World, children are created in batches. They are raised to the age of one by a staff of nurturers, then distributed to suitable couples who have been matched up by committee. Everything is mandated by committee, down to the smallest detail like what toys children can play with and for how long. Sickly children, elderly people, and disorderly citizens are eliminated by lethal injection (""released"").But the normal emotions, perceptions and memories of human beings have not been lost: they repose in the mind and person of the community's Receiver. Like a bizarre Christ figure, the Receiver bears alone the messy, complicated, chaotic thoughts that human beings used to experience. He or she (the Receiver is an appointed post) also contains the positive memories: sunshine, rainbows, Christmas gatherings. The Receiver holds those emotions and memories apart which would otherwise complicate the perfectly ordered community. Without a container, these memories would be part of everyone in the community.Jonas, the protagonist, becomes the Receiver in training, and starts to receive the memories telepathically. He quickly becomes convinced that the situation is untenable. The people should experience these emotions and learn to cope with them. With the encouragement of the Giver (the former Receiver), Jonas makes a daring escape from Sameness. The community, without its Receiver for the first time in ages, will have to manage as humans have always done.The book is smoothly written, and presents a credible alternative universe. It might legitimately be called fantasy fiction, or even science fiction. Any middle school reader could handle the text and its underlying ideas, but like all great children's literature, adults would appreciate it as well. The author turned this book into the first of a trilogy; the other titles are Gathering Blue and The Messenger."
"I picked up this book because I wanted to compare Utopian to the Dystopian literature I've been reading lately. A Newberry award winning novel published in 1994, Lois Lowry's, The Giver, tells of a world in which choice and free will are virtually unknown by it's inhabitants--There is also no crime, hunger, pain or poverty. This seemingly perfect existence is appealing on the surface, but all a reader needs to do, is explore the world that Lowry creates in The Giver, to understand the concept of a Utopian society is a misnomer.The plot revolves around the novels young protagonist, Jonas, as he approaches his twelfth birthday. Upon the twelfth birthday, all children begin the transition into adulthood and are assigned their occupational roles in the community. Jonas is chosen to become the next Receiver of Memories, the most honored position in the community and a skill no other member of the community has. During his tutelage, Jonas gains the memories of centuries past, of those that lived before, that go ""back and back and back"", and the facade of his safe existence crumbles around him as he learns about choice and free will.Some of the imagery that Lowry creates reminds me of the 1998 Hollywood blockbuster, Pleasantville, staring Tobey Maguire and Reese Witherspoon. Jonas, the 12 year old protagonist in the novel is like a younger version of the character, Mr. Maguire played in Pleasantville, and he wins you over with his upstanding moral character, innocence, compassion and curiosity.The Giver is a very short book at only 180 pages, but complete in it's message. Supporting characters never fully get fleshed out, but they're not the driving force behind the authors message. The world building is--it's precise and genius in it's simplicity. I found this book a quick, utterly fascinating read--the ending, disturbing yet thought provoking. Thousands of reviews demonstrate why this novel is a must read for those interested in Utopian or Dystopian Sci-fi."
"Lois Lowry uses very direct writing to express how humans have changed their lives into something that cannot exactly be called 'life' anymore. Set in the future, the book describes the life of a boy named Jonas who lives in a 'Community'. Jonas gets selected as the Receiver of Memory at the age of twelve, the age of maturity in his Community. Before his training, Jonas was like the rest of the Community; ignorant to all that is happening elsewhere. They do not even know what animals, snow, rain, music, colors and sunshine are. But during his training, Jonas learns about the true meaning of life; its joys and pains which have been eradicated from the Community. During this whole time, a baby boy named Gabriel has been transferred to Jonas's family unit, to be taken care by his father, a Nurturer. Gabriel could not sleep soundly, and was sentenced to be 'Released' at first, but was given the chance to be cared by Jonas's parents, to see if he could change his sleeping habits. However, Jonas soon learns that Release was not all what he thought it was; it was not just the simple, humane and helpful act of transferring disabled citizens of the community to somewhere else where they could be better cared for. It was something that Jonas did not even think the Committee could ever imagine doing until the Giver shows Jonas 'Release' before his very own eyes...The book is a thoughtful and reflective read. It demonstrates how humans can become ignorant and toss away what is important and welcome unnatural things that they think are important into their lives. The only flaw in this book is that there is no clear ending of what happens to Jonas (who escapes the Community with Gabriel after seeing the Release). Readers are left at the cliffhanger worrying what Jonas will end up in. However, this might also leave readers pensive and allow them to think more on the book and its true meaning. Overall, a good and timeless read."
"The Giver was a somewhat difficult book to understand, and there are a diversity of opinions that come after reading it. The tone of this novel was suspenseful. Readers want to keep reading; to find out what happens to Jonas next. The ending probably has the most opinions considering how it's not straight forward with what happens. Lois Lowry said that she wrote this ending so that readers could create their own ending. Some might think he made it Elsewhere, passed away or maybe even was dreaming. I, on the other hand, believe he was not dead but dying. The Giver is a novel some people don't plan on liking, but they are soon proven wrong the more into the book they get. This book is about a child, merely eleven years old, who lives in an immensely controlled society where there is no color, pain, emotion, poverty, crime or illness. Everything is meticulously planned and organized. Once one turns twelve, or becomes a Twelve, he or she is assigned an assignment, or job. Jonas, however, is assigned a very honored assignment in the community. He is assigned Receiver of Memory. Jonas was very apprehensive in the beginning, but the more into training he gets, the more he learns about the community. He discovers the secret of Release also. He decides he's tired of living in a world with no color or love, so he leaves, taking a new child, Gabe, with him. Jonas then leaves, taking the child scheduled for Release come morning. He leaves taking his life, his memories, along with him until they fade off back to the place he once believed was home. They make it through sunshine, pouring rain and harsh snow. Do they really make it through the snow? As for Jonas, no. Gabe may live on, but in the end Jonas is dying. Some say before you die, your life flashes before your eyes. This is what is happening to Jonas, what he has left of his memories he can see; the house, family, lights, color and love. His memories were his life, and he sees them before he dies. Yet, he heard something, something he knew to be music. The Giver never gave him any memory of music, but he can hear it. Jonas is now hearing beyond. The Giver did it, and now Jonas is too. Passing away must have lead him to finally doing so. All in all, The Giver is a suspenseful novel that keeps people reading with an interesting twist in the end."
"In The Giver, the world is a dystopia where people live apparently in harmony and sameness. The irony in the normalcy is that although there is no war, hatred, or fear, this community is also devoid of feeling, emotion, color or love. People, although polite, are well-trained mechanisms that live each tradition year to year, and each duty day to day that there is almost too much structure and organization. However, because society has been trained so well to their duty, they don't realize this, and go about each day with perfect tranquility and contentment. During the ""Twelve Year"", each member of society is given their role, their job; something that the ""observers"" believe fits them best. Jonas, the main protagonist, anxiously waits for this day to arrive in December, wondering what role will be chosen for him. When this day arrives, Jonas learns that his new job is that of Receiver of Memory, a rare role chosen only to an honored few. He, like other kids who are twelve, is given his instructions; he meets and is trained by an old man known as The Giver. The Giver, who is current holder of memories, slowly but surely opens Jonas' eyes to many forms of past memories. As Jonas learns more and more about the pain and humanness associated with receiving these memories, he begins to question the way society operates. He becomes cognizant of emotion (pain, happiness, hopefulness, family love) that he cannot express to others, such as his family or friends, and as time wears on, this seems to leave a void in his life. The Giver wants to prepare Jonas for his new role effectively because the last receiver of memories had to be ""released"" because she could not accept her role. Jonas, to his horror, begins to find that there are dark secrets about this community his lives in; he wonders if there is a way to change life. Jonas experiences a series of dilemmas, which encompasses the narrative in the book's final part: How can he change this world? What will he do to transfer these memories to the people? Is there anything beyond this world, to the world of Elsewhere? What can he do to break from the restraints of this community?The Giver, although marketed as a young adult novel, deals with heavy issues, and so, might not be appropriate for younger kids. However, I second the notion (one reviewer had brought this up) that this should be required reading in secondary school. Students complain often about ""classics"" as being ""boring"" or irrelevant to their world; this is a book that is relevant to them and would probably engage them. Lowry's novel has sophisticated, deep issues (such as our societal response to apathy, the dangers of conformity, the significance of emotion and hope and individuality) and it would profit a younger audience to form their own opinions of the issues.I had heard so much about this novel, and am glad I finally got around to reading it. Lowry's writing style is quite engaging, as she pulls you in to empathize with the characters and their major conflicts. You find yourself pulling for Jonas as he learns more and more about how different life could be with memories, hope and emotion. He separates himself from the Sameness that the community offers, and tries to find out something deeper. Over all, this is a wonderful book, and I'm looking forward to trying some of the other books in this series, Gathering Blue and The Messenger.The Giver is a very satisfying read. Definitely Recommended!"
"Jonas lives in a world with no pain, no fear, no love, no happiness, a world without feelings. When a child turns 12 he/she is assigned a job. When you grow to old too be in the community you are released. Everything is controlled, all choices are made for you. At Jonas' year 12 ceremony he is signaled out to receive special training from the Giver, therefore becoming the new Receiver, keeper of all memories. Jonas is given many memories some of which are: the memory of pain, of fear, of weather, of love, of happiness. Jonas slowly begins to realize that the community he lives in is unfair. No one has actual feelings. Compared to Jonas and his newly acquired feelings, everyone seems like robots. Jonas wants the rest of the community to have feelings too, to have freedom, to truly experience life as Jonas knows it is supposed to be lived. Jonas knows the world he lives in is wrong, but can he change it? Very unlikely.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone who loves science fiction or books about the future. The Giver isn't a difficult read, you just have to read between the lines, and the whole concept can be hard to grasp. This is a truly amazing book, lots of action, detail, and suspense. The 4/5 grade class that I'm in read this book as a book club book, so it's appropriate for 4th graders. The only less ""age appropriate"" parts are when Jonas is bathing a naked old woman and when he has a dream caused by the stirrings (puberty), but even those parts really aren't bad. The Giver really makes you think about the world we live in today, how fortunate, and unfortunate we really are. How our world is controlled. Even if you do not like the plot outline, I would still recommend this book, it is a very short read, why not give it a shot?"
"I've waited a few weeks before reviewing Lois Lowry's Newbery Award-winning book, The Giver, because my first inclination is to say: read it. It's awesome. The end. I am not a big reader of science fiction, although on the off chances I do read the genre, I usually find myself enjoying it. One reason I fear I don't venture into science fiction too often is that it's hard to read reviews about the books without learning too much about them, and I like to know as little as possible going into books. With that in mind, I'll try to review this brilliant book giving away as few details as possible.The Giver is told from the point-of-view of Jonas, an almost-twelve-year-old boy. As the story unfolds, it becomes more and clear Jonas lives in a very different world than we do. Details of when and where are scarce, as it is all Jonas knows. The reader is along for the ride as Jonas learns more and more about the community he lives in.One of the things I've loved most about my immersion into children's literature this semester has been the coming of age story. I don't think it's a coincidence so many narrators of children's books; it's the magical age of intellectual awakening it seems. Jonas is a great narrator. He's thoughtful, kind, and increasingly skeptical. Lowry does a marvelous job of telling the story through Jonas's eyes but leaving clues for the reader to pick up on before even Jonas himself does. This layering of knowledge provides suspense on two levels: the reader wonders what really is going on in this strange world and when and if Jonas will fully realize it as well.I cannot recommend The Giver highly enough. It's a fascinating novel, and although it's intended for upper-elementary students, it's appropriate for teenagers and adults too.(Yes, I also realize most everyone with even a passing interest in children's literature read this novel fifteen years ago, and I am ridiculously late to praise it, but I am anyway)."
"The Giver presents the reader to a dystopian  society that has forayed the people's right to CHOICE in an odious fashion; but nonetheless, it can at times be furtively appealing in an hypnotic way. To analyze this society initially it is quite inscrutable to identify how a people could so ardently support such an articulated ""guidance."" While this book is merely fiction, it indeed sheds light on an ideology that either is intrinsically intelligent, or it is quite eloquently repugnant to the nebulous of human desire, freedom to endeavor.  Being a Constitutionalist I prefer the latter rather than the former. To have one's perspective sculpted and wrought by a fashion of governmental control by means of familial degradation and division from a biological existence, sexual drive altered by compulsory pharmaceuticals, intricate scheduling of one's day, standards and virtues that are ubiquitous, one all encompassing day of ""birth"", population control, genetic manipulation, and procuring children and spouses by application and approval only, is quite destitute of any CHOICE. Is this inane? Is this madness? Or, if freedom was not known in the context that of which is lain before us in the U.S. Constitution-which both Republicrats and Demopublicans are obscuring-would this dystopia be so divisive? The society in this book is something one could indeed marvel by pretext to the actual context due to the lack of tyrannical behavior. We must not be disillusioned. We must not allow the propagators' evidence and statistical datum to dissuade us from having the penchant to pursue freedom as a virtue over security. For such a society in essence, no matter success, does indeed revoke the core and foundations of an inalienable right that our predecessors have fought eons for-FREEDOM! Articulating political structure  is arduous and elicits much dissension along the way; however, do not let that make one despondent or draw forth consternation or political apathy. For if political structure, by and for the people, becomes a derelict, then for our children FREEDOM will be merely a vestige. Or, perhaps a more formidable coin, an antiquated myth. Lowry has definitely deserved to be upon the list of writer's that has hit a symphonic political note. While not as fecundated as George Orwell's (Eric Blair) writing, she has a latent exhortation for us, or at least for me. The book also has a rendition upon perspective of reality and that will certainly shift the tides of what constitutes this book's yield. I would suggest everyone to read this book, along with other dystopian and utopian classics. Each of those titles have their own way of exorcising the demons from both forms of society. The end did irritate me slightly, I wanted a more pronounced and clarified ending. Nonetheless, following with the book's thesis, THE MATTER OF CHOICE, Lowry leaves it to the reader to bestow your interpretation; which is elating for some and exacerbating for others. My ending was grim which was evoked by random forethought rather than by intention."
"Why this book is pigeonholed as Children's Literature is a mystery to me, perhaps merely because the protagonist is a twelve-year old, perhaps owing to the author's past works--I'm just glad to have found it.  ""The Giver"" treats the most profound issues in a manner that speaks of deep understanding; the book will ring you like a bell, the ideas resonate and can not be forgotten.  For this reason I call this the rarest of books; once read it will immediately and forever be a part of the reader--in a sense, our author becomes her own creation, she becomes the Giver of memory and her reader a Receiver.It is a spare presentation of a dystopic future world where the ""problems"" of humanity have all been neatly resolved; everyone is polite, happy with their job, unthreatened by pain, sickness, conflict and even death.  Though it becomes quickly evident that what the author really gives us is a rather convincing rationalization for the fact that evil, pain and suffering are necessary.  Foes of religious belief often claim that the idea of pain and suffering is inconsistent with a loving God; but, even for the secular among us, Ms. Lowry shows how suffering and joy are linked.  ""The Giver"" argues that granting unlimited license to those who would sacrifice individual choice in their attempts to achieve relief from war, famine and economic inequality could very well eliminate that which makes life worth living.  ""The Giver"" says much about the danger of placing the interests of the community above the interests of individuals.To say much about the story risks spoiling the slow exposition of the underlying flaws in the utopia, which was exceptionally well paced.  At first the ""community"" seems vaguely creepy, by the end of the book it is horrifying.  ""The Giver"" is a novel of ideas that begs to be discussed and argued over as the part of any moral education.  It is powerful beyond my ability to express and like any truth, it offers something of value to any reader at any level.Highest Recommendation."
"The Giver, by Lois Lowery, is about a boy named Jonas that is living an average life in a perfect town. He has a mom, a dad, a sister named Lily, and a best friend named Asher. His life was fine until he starts seeing unusual things. In his town when you reach a certain age, you get or earn the right to do something. At the age of 8 you start learning new jobs such as being a planter, birth mother, and doctor. The boards of elders choose a job for you at the age of 12. You have to apply for a wife or husband. If you are able to get one they choose it for you. You have to apply for children just like getting a wife or husband. When he was 12 he was chosen as the receiver of memory. This is a very rare and is also a very big accomplishment. Ten years before, he was selected to be the receiver. A girl had been selected before him but she was a failure. She was released from the town and her name was to be never spoken of again. That is the worst thing that can ever happen to a person from their town. Jonas went to work and when he got there, there was an old looking man sitting in a chair. The man said that he is older looking then he actually is. He said he wanted to be called the giver.  He explained what the job is like and said that it would be hard and painful, but it was very important. The giver told him to lie down and to take off his shirt, so Jonas did so. Then the giver put his hands on Jonas's back and Jonas felt a cold feeling. The Giver was transferring memory to Jonas of him riding a sled down a hill in the snow. In his town there was no such thing as snow or hills At first it made him mad that his town choose to not to have snow or hills, but the giver told him why they didn't have them and then Jonas under stood. A few days later he told he giver about the strange things he had been seeing. The giver told him he had started seeing in color. There was also no such thing as color in his town only back white and gray. Jonas was mad again at why his town did that and the giver told him why they did. The giver would transfer memories of color to Jonas. Jonas liked that a lot. I don't want to tell you the whole story because I want you to find out for yourself if Jonas can fulfill his job as the receiver and find out if he will get marred. I recommend this book because it is like an alternate world. It is neat to see what it is like. Lois Lowry is very descriptive in the giver and you will never know what will happen next. I want to read more books from Lois Lowry because of this book"
I like this book because it is interesting and different from others that I have read. Also I like it because the book is about a future that is not real. There are no animals in their make-believe world. The people can't make choices. That is why I like the book. The book is about a boy named Jonas. It's about how he was selected to be the new Receiver of Memory. He and the Receiver try to think of a way to change their community. The people in the community lie about things and don't know that it is wrong. Jonas and the Receiver are the only ones who know that they are lieing and they know they're not doing things that are right. Who would enjoy this book are people who like some drama. If you like people try to do the right thing even if they have to break law in your books and all the others than you may like this book.
"THE GIVER is a very well written novel that explores a very strange ""utopia"".  A coming of age story of sorts that's  rife with ideas and concepts of interest to young adolescents, the book is perfect for middle school literature classes.  I do have a concern that the book is too often used in elementary schools with students who are not ready to explore the novel's dark speculative themes.  There are many better choices (other Newbery winners as well as other great books) for the third to fifth grade set.  Some may quibble that some of the science behind certain aspects of the society are not sound and  readers focused on such matters will likely not enjoy this perfectly written thought provoking story.  Those who are convinced the book promotes ""baby killing"" are also likely to be blind to the book's rich themes. The story's ending is ambiguous but perfect."
"Being a teacher at a Bavarian grammar school, I know that it is not always easy to find class reading material that inspire both teacher and students. As ""The Giver"" was recommended by a colleague of mine, I  suggested the book to my eleventh class. They are in their seventh year of  English and it was their first English novel. I had the impression that my  students were really fascinated by ""The Giver"". They were always  well-informed about its content and speculated eagerly about remaining open  questions. I can only recommend this book to other teachers who teach  English as a foreign language. With the language being easy to understand,  students don't lose track of the plot. In addition to that, the book never  got boring, neither to me nor to my students. To all my fellow colleagues:  Give it a try, you won't regret it!"
"Place yourself in a world where there is little or no emotion, an ordered community, ignorance of real life and where the word love is meaningless and you are in Jonas's world. This story makes you question whether or not you really want to live in that so-called perfect world. It also shows the horror of that perfect world. And when Jonas does begin to love he sets in motion events that can't be erased and are possibly devastating to the community.The second time that you read the novel, The Giver, by Lois Lowry the story and characters are even more real than they previously were and the story has so much more depth than before. This novel is not only a good read for younger kids, but also for teenagers and adults because there are things in the novel that everyone can relate to.~TA, Pembroke Academy"
"Set in the future, Jonas' world is perfect. No pain, no wars, and no bad feelings such as hatred. But perfect means no good feelings either. No happiness or excitement. It means no music or color either. Each day is monotonous and shielded from the beautiful and ugly truths.  When Jonas is chosen to be the Receiver, it means that he will have to carry the burden of truth for the people in his community.  The book is engrossing and teaches the lesson of the importance of individuality, of feelings, of music, of color, and the importance of having the freedom to choose.  Although the overall storyline is very good, the end is not satisfying and gives a feeling of being rushed. There seems to be a need o f more details at the end.  But overall, the story is a wonderful, engrossing, book and is a must-read."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is a coming of age novel that children and adults everywhere will adore.  Jonas, the protagonist of the novel, learns that he has become the new ""Receiver"", when he turns twelve years old, which enables him to have memories that no one else in his utopian society obtains.  Jonas's character takes on a different light than the others in the novel and his growth through the memories transferred to him by the Giver allow Jonas to face and overcome numerous obstacles in his society.  By receiving these memories, Jonas feels as urge to break out from his perfect society which he learns is more of a dystopia than utopia.  The Giver is an easy read and will capture your heart and imagination as you sympathize with Jonas's plight to reality.Jacqueline CarlsonMythology VHS"
"The story is the best. It's my favorite books. But the product,the book cover's borders were a little chipped,not sure if I bought new or used. But annyway I love this book so freakin much,a must read."
"The Giver is about a city where everything is controlled. This city is a dull, lifeless place where there is no love, joy, happiness, family, and laughter. However, very rarely, there is someone who does have these feelings, which one of these gifted ones is Jonas.At the age of twelve, everyone is assigned a job, according to their skills and talents. Of course, Jonas is the Reciever, the most honored, yet painful job in the community. His job is to keep all the endless memories of the world. Jonas is trained and taught by the Giver. Soon, Jonas realizes that there might be this place where love, family, sorrow, pain, joy, and colors still exsist. Will he find this place? And does this place even exist? Read this book to find out!I admired the way this author paints a vivid picture in my mind. There was nothing I disliked. This book is one of the most well written books I have ever read. The author knows alot about psychology and applys it to this book so it's always making you constantly think. If you enjoyed this book I strongly recommend other books such as Gathering Blue, The Messenger, and Number the Stars, that are written by Lois Lowry."
"I agree with most of the criticisms of the one-star, two-star, and three-star reviews. I originally bought the series quartet; but I doubt that I will ever read the last three books. There is little rationale for how a society might develop (and how long it would take to do so) a strong caste culture, loss of important personal choices, emotionless killing of misfits, an almost uniform disappearance of the physical sense of color, and loss of cultural memory (except for the Giver). Yet, having told us these things are so, the author makes it clear that society still maintains military capability. When Jonas asks about love, there's a widely known process for resisting and squelching his interest. Why hasn't ""love"" disappeared as personal choice and color perception and cultural memory have disappeared? I find little rationale for the function and ability of the Giver in the postulated society. I find little rationale for the premise that a memory disappears from the Giver after he reveals it to his successor. There are other problems for me with this book, but suffice it to say that I was disappointed with The Giver and found little story-telling value in it."
"The Giver-a book dealing with the possible development of societies searching for perfection.Jonas, a twelve year old boy, lives in such a community,whose only aim is to achieve sameness and free its citizens of wrong decisions.Throughout his development as a ""Receiver Of Memory"" he finds out the faults and mistakes of the system.Lois Lowry illustrates Jonas`development very carefully and it seems as if she actually once lived in that community.The book does never seem exaggerated, it only descibes a possible way our lifes could one time look like.She includes criticism in cloning,A.I. and change of DNA in ""The Giver"". It is not only a science-fiction book,but also a scream for showing more feelings in our computer-ruled society of today."
"The Giver written by Lois Lowry is based on a powerful and provacative novel, centered around the theme of Eutopia. The movie, Pleasantville comes to mind when I think of this book.  In both stories, the characters arre  placed in the same perfect setting.  The characters live in a black and  white world.  Eventually color is discovered when they become aware of deep  emotions. In The Giver, Lowry forces readers to bring own thoughts into  play by her descriptive writing.  I could see the world he wsa painting  from the very beginning.  ""They moistened a little.  The warmth  spread, extending across his shoulders, up his neck, onto the side of hos  face.  He could feel it through his clothed parts, too:  a pleasant,  all-over sensation; and when he licked his lips this time, the air was hot  and heavy."" The characters she created were adventurous and amazingly  believable.  The main character, Jonas, is a young boy who lives in a  perfect set world wwith no pain suffering love or fear.  Everone has their  own assigned role.  He is assigned a special role, The Giver, when he turns  twelve.  The Giver is very important role becuase he keeps the whole  community intact by holding memories; extreme pain to eternal bliss.  While  I read this book I discoverd how important it is to experience suffering,  grieving and complete happiness.  The Giver is a book recommended that  everybody should read.  It gives an escape from reality that everybody  should endure."
I first read the giver in my seventh grade English class. I loved the book. Many kids in my class didn't like the book for the same reasons many reviews didn't. While the book itself didn't end in a great way The Messenger and Gathering Blue fill the void of anything that may be missing to some. If you feel something missing then I recommend you read the prior books mentioned.
"I totally reccomend this book. I had to read this book for my English class and at first I thought it would be really boring, boy, was I in for a suprise. This is one of my favorite books and this book actually teaches you a lesson-- Indivuality is very important and similarty is just plain boring. Accept people's unique traits, because that is what makes the world go round!!!"
"This book is amazing. Anyone who has questions about it and the ending of it is lacking an imagination. The book ends obscurely so the reader can create one to their own delight. For the person asking about family units and such, they didn't read the whole book. This was clearly stated in the book that the family units could not name themselves because the community decided to create ""sameness."" Sameness also goes for the black and white images they all see. Anyone who can not understand this must not have read the whole book."
"full of letters from the 1st page to the last page. Amazing letter size and color, all letters are black on white background. Especially surprised was I when I read page 17, 24, 29, 44, 48 and 191, these are the best pages in this book and just blew mi mind. So if you are in a hurry read them first. I bought this book for a guy I don't like and will glue these pages together."
"The following was written by YM, age 11 (Grade Six), as part of a homeschool novel study assignment:I think that  The Giver is an amazing book. I like the way ithelps us understand how the characters feel at all times. For example, when Jonas is trying to transfer the memory of red to Asher, we can understand how hopeless he feels, and sympathize with him. This is an excellent book by an excellent author, and I hope we will be seeing more from her soon, maybe even a sequel to The Giver. I sure hope so!  --Y.M.P"
"No one can describe the magnitude and the power of this book in a review. Miss Lowry weaved together words, storylines and a philisophical world of the future unlike anyother being could do. A book that made me look deeper inside myself at the things that aren't appreciated...like color and love. Everyone should read this book at some point, it is life changing."
"This incredible book had me hanging on till the end! I couldn't belive the incredible twists and turns!  In a society where the leaders choose everything, your spouse, your profession and your children, a boy stands out.  He is the chosen one.  He is going to be the most crucial part of their society.  You have got to read this book!  It's fantastic!"
"Lois Lowry really put the power in the pen on this oneI give her 5 stars and 2 thumbs up, it would be 3 but I only have 2 thumbs.  The Giver is a classic. A good thing about the story is that everyone is safe. On the other hand, no one is able to live his or her own life, and that's what makes the story good. So treat your self and get a copy. (J.S.)"
"I have just reread this book with my daughter and I still can't believe how amazing it is.  The Giver always reminds me of the John  Lennon song ""Imagine"".  It is an entire book written about what it  is like to live in a utopian society.  On the outside it is perfect but this book is about the dark reality of perfection.  I could not put it down."
"Several friends and acquaintances of mine over the years have said that Louis Lowry's THE GIVER is their favorite book of all-time.  I finally got around to reading the book not too long ago and am only disappointed that it took me so long to finally getting around to reading it.  The book is very easy to read, but is underlined by a deep philosophical questioning.  The book could be described as a cross between Plato's ""Parable of the Cave"" and Aldous Huxley's BRAVE NEW WORLD written towards a young adult audience.THE GIVER takes place in an undefined, perhaps post-apocalyptic world, future.  In the community in which Jonas lives there is no crime, poverty, violence, or misery.  The community is well-ordered and disciplined.  Every family spends each night talking together about the events of the day and all that they thought and felt; think of family-time as being a confessional.  When a child enters into ""maturity"" they are given a pill that suppresses all sexual and aggressive urges they may have.  The community seems to be perfect and everyone seems completely happy.  Everyone is assigned a life occupation when they turn twelve.  Jonas is twelve and at the ceremony in which their occupation is assigned, Jonas' name is skipped.  It turns out that Jonas has been selected to be the next ""receiver of memory"".  He is trained by an Elder known as ""The Giver"".  Under the tutelage of The Giver, Jonas is allowed to see all that has been sacrificed and suppressed for the perfectly-ordered community in which he lives.  He experiences feelings, colors, and thoughts that he was never able to experience before.  He learns the cost of perfection and has to choose if he will become a contributor to it or if he will run.Even though there are no dull moments, THE GIVER begins rather slowly, but moves at a quick pace from the time of the ceremony on.  It deals with some very important issues including individuality, diversity, and euthanasia.  The book is classified as young adult literature, but the novel appeals to readers of all ages.  THE GIVER is a world where everything literally appears to be either black and white, but as Jonas discovers, the world is more than just black and white; it's full of brilliant colors."
"I came across The Giver while teaching a high school English class.  I read it leisurely over one weekend, enjoyed it, and found myself reflecting over it for several weeks.The Giver won the 1994 Newbery Medal for most distinguished contribution to American literature for children.  It is, along with the sequels mentioned below, dystopian in outlook.  The Giver is thought provoking and appropriate for adolescent or young adult readers.  It certainly could be used in a middle or high school literature or English class.  As with many well-written books, it can be read just as a good story however, issues such as community, security and individual liberty are reoccurring themes.  Those ideas are not presented in a graphic or sexual way but for the reader to understand them a certain level of mental maturity is required.  I would recommend the book for good readers starting at about the age of twelve.The milieu of the story is fascinating and believable in most of its detail.  The protagonist, Jonas, lives in a world that appears, on the surface, like a utopia but that veneer covers a darker side of humanity.  Resist reading reviews that reveal the details of this world, they should be discovered as the author intended.Readers tend to have strong opinions about the ending of The Giver.  I find the ending lacking in closure and incomplete.  The Giver does not end in the sense of a traditional book--it just stops.Two other books by Lois Lowry are set in different locations of the same world, Gathering Blue and Messenger.  I have reviewed both.  Gathering Blue answers one or two questions left hanging from The Giver but then adds a few more.  Finally, in Messenger, we get more, but not all, answers to questions left over from The Giver.  This might be fine if the books were actually planned as a series, but I do not believe that was the original intention.  Since I believe each book should be a unit unto itself, I can only grant The Giver four stars.Overall, The Giver is an enjoyable book for adolescent or young adult readers and has earned my recommendation.Kyle Pratt"
"Jonas, the eleven-year-old protagonist, lives in a community some time in the future, where everybody is equal and controlled by the leaders of the community. No one in this place has feelings or memories of the past, but after Jonas becomes the new Receiver of Memories, everything changes for him. He receives feelings and memories that makes him realize the sad state his community is in. Therefore he makes a plan to escape... The Giver is a story about a fictional society in the future. The reader can realize how important feelings and emotions are for our lives, especially if compared to the unemotional lives of the members of the community. At the beginning the book is not very exciting until Jonas becomes twelve and is assigned his job. From this moment the pace of the plot increases and the story gets more interesting.Besides you will understand how important it is to make your own choices and to be allowed to have real feelings. Sometimes the book is even a bit shocking, because a few events are very extreme.In our opinion there are two important messages:1 You should better make your own decisions and you shouldn't believe and trust everything that you are told.2 Problems are necessary in our life. If you never had any difficulties like hunger and suffering, you can't enjoy the very good things and feelingsRead this book! But we can only recommend the book to people who are prepared to think about it intensively and to deal with the topic or to those who are interested in futuristic stories. Children should be able to talk to someone about it who can help them to process the information. The book gives you a great understanding of many important things that make up social life."
"Science fiction is the mythology of the present, giving us intuitions about current conditions in an age of continual change. Lowry's book as not about the future, but about society today.In Lowry's society, suffering is illegal and must be eliminated -- if it can't be, the response is euthanasia. Jonas  hurts his finger - an ambulance is called, and he must be given an anesthetic that totally relieves the pain. A jet pilot mistakenly overflies Jonas' small, self-contained community; the pilot is liable to undergo an intolerable level of embarrassment, and must therefore be ""separated"" from his community -- a euphemism for euthanasia. Children who aren't judged to have sufficiently bonded with family units, and elders who reach an age which is judged to have ""life unworthy of life"", are euthanized.Our response to people who are undergoing suffering which makes us uncomfortable, is not to become truly ""compassionate"" (suffering-with), but, really driven by a sense of our own intolerable discomfort, our response is to eliminate suffering at its root, by eliminating the sufferer. Pope John-Paul II speaks of the fact that in ""...a social and cultural context which makes it more difficult to face and accept suffering, the temptation becomes all the greater to resolve the problem of suffering by eliminating it at the root, by hastening death so that it occurs at the moment considered most suitable.""Various considerations usually contribute to such a decision, all of which converge in the same terrible outcome. In the sick person the sense of anguish, of severe discomfort, and even of desperation brought on by intense and prolonged suffering can be a decisive factor. Such a situation can threaten the already fragile equilibrium of an individual's personal and family life, with the result that, on the one hand, the sick person, despite the help of increasingly effective medical and social assistance, risks feeling overwhelmed by his or her own frailty; and on the other hand, those close to the sick person can be moved by an understandable even if misplaced compassion. All this is aggravated by a cultural climate which fails to perceive any meaning or value in suffering, but rather considers suffering the epitome of evil, to be eliminated at all costs. This is especially the case in the absence of a religious outlook which could help to provide a positive understanding of the mystery of suffering.""On a more general level, there exists in contemporary culture a certain Promethean attitude which leads people to think that they can control life and death by taking the decisions about them into their own hands. What really happens in this case is that the individual is overcome and crushed by a death deprived of any prospect of meaning or hope. We see a tragic expression of all this in the spread of euthanasia -- disguised and surreptitious, or practised openly and even legally. As well as for reasons of a misguided pity at the sight of the patient's suffering, euthanasia is sometimes justified by the utilitarian motive of avoiding costs which bring no return and which weigh heavily on society. Thus it is proposed to eliminate malformed babies, the severely handicapped, the disabled, the elderly, especially when they are not self-sufficient, and the terminally ill.""Palliative medical care has become so sophisticated that in reality no sick person need undergo an intolerable level of pain. But those who refuse to engage in real, personal relationships with suffering people can't expect to understand, either the ill person's need for palliative care or for counseling to deal with depression. Those who are uncomfortable with other people's condition should deal with their own discomfort, not try to eliminate the discomfort by eliminating the suffering person."
"Throughout the centuries, Christians have been buoyed up by a utopian vision of the afterlife given in Revelation 21:4, ""He will wipe every tear from their eyes. There will be no more death or mourning or crying or pain, for the old order of things has passed away.""  However, what about creating heaven on earth?  What price would people be willing to pay for a world in which there is no more war, hunger, or social strife?  Lois Lowry gives a frightening look at one such answer in her book The Giver.  Through a young boy named Jonas, we are introduced to a community whose citizens live in nearly total conformity to society's rules.  At first glance, the order and homogeneity of the community appears to have created a nearly perfect society.  However, as we look more carefully at the eerie extrapolation of the trend to sacrifice liberties for law and order at any cost, we see that Jonas' community has lost many of the basic freedoms we take for granted: privacy, choice of occupation, the ability to express disagreement with society's norms, the ability to learn from the past, the choice of whom to marry and where to live, the ability to reproduce and experience sexual pleasure, even the ability to continue to live when not a productive member of society.  This future society has even gone so far as to rob people of the memories normally passed down as stories from generation to generation.  Incorporated into the storyline of the book is the ultimate symbol of the blandness of their regulated lives, the inability of the people to perceive color: they see the world only in terms of black and white.  Interwoven with flashbacks to illustrate, Lowry skillfully introduces concepts in a terminology that is easily understood, yet different from the way we normally speak: newchildren, birthmothers, nurturers, the Receiver, the Committee of Elders, the House of the Old, release, seeing beyond, and elsewhere.  There are also various ceremonies: The Naming, The Ceremony of Twelve, Murmur-of-Replacement Ceremony, Ceremony of Loss, etc.  This layered description produces a sense of ""otherness,"" while the detail which it affords lends an air of reality to the story.  Each of these words has a connotation special to the environment of the community.  In fact, one realizes that the citizens have been trained to think that apart from the rigid structure of the community, there is no real meaning to life.  To fulfill one's given purpose in service to the community has become the all in all.  We learn later in the book that although any citizen is given the ability to ask for release from the community, to reject service to the community is in reality to ask for a summary execution.  When Jonas, a dutiful child, is chosen to be the next ""receiver,"" the faade of perfection is ripped apart.  He is stunned with the realization that release means execution, something foreshadowed as early as the second page of the book when a beginning pilot veers off course and a voice announces in an ironic tone, ""Needless to say, he will be released.""  Jonas experiences true feelings and a depth of emotion which the average citizen is not allowed.  With his new found emotions he is overwhelmed and abhorred by the thought of his father casually murdering babies who do not measure up to society's standards.  And together, the old receiver and the new receiver determine to give something to their community which has been lacking for countless generations.  The conflict with society which Jonas experiences as the seed of individuality germinates within him is what makes his character development such an integral part of the story.  Fascination with his increasing realization of reality and the struggle to fight against the wrong he perceives rivets the attention of the reader.  In the beginning, there was no question as to what he would do when the ubiquitous Big Brother-like speakers announced that an unauthorized snack must be returned.  But his exchange with the Receiver about color shows that his eyes have been opened in more than one way: ""It isn't fair that nothing has color!... If everything's the same, then there aren't any choices!  I want to wake up in the morning and decide things!""  The continued conversation reveals the reason why the community's founders took away choices from people.  Jonas muses, ""We don't dare to let people make choices of their own.""  And with uncertainty adds, ""Definitely not safe.""  This juxtaposition of words ""uncertainty"" and definitely"" is merely one example of how beautifully Lowry uses language to dynamically portray the conflicting emotions roiling within Jonas.  The growing conflict as Jonas' character develops is not the only thing that attracts and holds the reader's attention.  It is his interaction with those in his life as his feelings develop that we can identify with.  Along with the black and white view of the world, the people in the community have no ability to distinguish beyond the superficial.  They may know likes and dislikes, but they don't know what it is to abhor or love with depth of meaning.  When Jonas asks whether his parents love him, we realize just how meaningless the word is to them as they fail to relate to the question.  The reader begins to realize the tremendous price that Jonas' society has paid for a lack of conflict.  Their eyes cannot see color because their souls are vapid.  On the other hand, as Jonas interacts with the Giver we are fascinated by the deepening understanding in the Giver's heart of what must be done for the good of the society.  As the Receiver remembers his daughter's death and discusses his grief with Jonas, it is the stimulus for a new way of thinking.  Like a phoenix rising from the ashes, we see the Giver's spirit renewed at the thought of giving a new way of life to his community.  Truly this book succeeds in bringing to the fore many social questions.  However, it succeeds on a deeper level by challenging our emotional IQ.  The courage and strength which Jonas shows as he shoulders a burden for the ultimate benefit of his society is heartwarming and inspiring.  The ending is left ambiguous on purpose, but it matters not.  Lowry's purpose was not to provide a resolution, but rather to inspire further thought."
"The Giver, by Lois Lowry, was an excellent book.  It has medals such as the Newberry Medal and A.L.A. best book. Lowry has written more extraordinary books like The Anastasia series, The Sam series and Number The Stars. The Giver is a science fiction book. Lowry is known through out the world for her wonderful books. The Giver is about a boy named Jonas. Jonas lives in a town where everyone can't see any colors and no one has memories except the Giver. When Jonas became twelve he was picked to be the next giver. If you become the Giver, you are in luck because it is the best job you can get it is also the most honored and biggest job in the city. Some of the memories that Jonas receives are harsh to him. For example a memory of going down a hill on a sled and breaking your leg with a burning hatchet wiping into your leg. But for becoming the receiver he has to learn things he doesn't want to know. After about a year the Giver and Jonas decide that something has to change about the town. So the two of them start to form a plan. The plan involves something he doesn't want to do! The Giver was a very descriptive book. When I was reading it I could tell what every thing looked like or tasted like. It kind of seemed like watching a movie. Also when any body was talking it felt like I was that person. Lowry was so descriptive that I could see an old scar on a persons face. When Jonas was hungry I could feel my stomach ach with hunger. In The Giver the town that Jonas lives in is very strange. In the town every one is the same. Also everyone can't see colors accept The Giver and Jonas. Even though every one is the same there can't be doubles of any one or names. So they have to kill old and identical twins. The town is also very cashes. They have important people called elders. The elders make every decision like giving people jobs or giving boy's wife's. The Giver was one of the best books I have ever read. The action the suspense it was all good. I recommend this book to people 12 and older because the lexile is 760 so it might me difficult for kids under 12. There are also some sad and gruesome parts. There are also some inappropriate parts. Personally I could read it again and enjoy it."
"Jonas, the main character is and eleven-year-old boy. Jonas lives in a very unique town, that is black and white. There are also very strange and very strict rules. For example, pilots are not aloud to fly over the town. The punishment for and act as such resorts to being released. As you later find out in the book being released is being injected with a shot that kills you. Only some people know about this, because if everyone found out people would be sad and that is not aloud in this perfect community. Some more strange rules are, every family is only aloud to have one boy and one girl child. If there are any more kids, or if there are twins, they are released. In December each & every kid is ""promoted"" to the next age group, no madder when they were born.  There is a Committee of Elders, they choose the career for the eleven year olds, who when they turn 12 receive this job The Committee of Elders choose this by watching the 11 year olds as they do their mandatory volunteer hours. Jonas is chosen a very special job, he is chosen the ""Receiver of Memory"" which is only chosen every ten years. He is warned he will experience real pain, although he will have the skill of ""Capacity to See Beyond"" Being a ""giver"" gives privileges such as you can ask a question and demand an answer you can also so things other members of the community are not aloud  to do. On the down side you can't tell you dreams, feelings, or anything else you experience or you will be release. Although Jonas shares is memories with a baby Gabriel, who is staying with their family, thankfully he is never caught. Umfortunly Gabriel is sub post to be released, and Jonas doesn't want this to happen, so he runs away with Gabe . And has the giver tell everyone he was ""lost in the river"". They hold a ceremony on loss, and never know the truth. Jonas ends up in happy town with love, grandparents, and no releases."
"Ever wonder how the world would be without color, history, or the ability to choose?  What if you no longer had the ability to feel pain?  Would you take that choice if it meant you also couldn't feel love or treasure past memories?  In the novel The Giver, young adult author Lois Lowry brings the reader into a whole new world.  It is a world unlike anything we've ever known.  In this world, everything is fixed and Jonas, the main character, is a boy who is chosen to be the receiver for the community by the ""Elders.""  This position in the community is a huge challenge for Jonas and the novel reveals his journey and struggle with this unique world.  Each chapter unfolds an intricately woven plot that leaves you on the edge of your seat ready for the next chapter, which means I will not divulge much more of the plot.  One of the most enjoyable and interesting aspects of reading this novel was the element of surprise and not knowing what lied ahead.  In this case, it has been much more insightful and thought-provoking to discover the plot and themes from Lowry on my own.  The book is well written and a fairly easy read.  It is about grade 9 (according to my Fry Readability calculations), though students 12-13 and older should not have a big struggle to read this novel!  Lowry uses her writing style to captivate your attention and clearly depict exactly what is happening at that moment.  I felt like I was in the scene at times because the images were so vivid.  The style and plot are intriguing, interesting, and fun, but one of the best parts about this book are the ideas that unfold behind the story. At the end of book you feel satisfied yet provoked, along with a unique mix of emotions that causes you to ponder different aspects of life you might have taken for granted.  Although I think this book is a must read for everyone (though especially teens!), it is not necessarily loved by every reader.  Some passages can be a little heavy to read at times or even a little strange to grasp and understand.  Also, some chapters moved a little more slowly than others.  But overall reading the book seemed to fly by!  Whether you're a young teen or an older teen, this book is a great novel to read because of its enjoyability and uniqueness.  You're never too old to read this 179 page fast and fun fantasy adventure.  Though many classify this novel as Sci-fi, I think it crosses different genres of fiction and readers who don't normally read sci-fi or fantasy would also enjoy the book. At the very least it gives the reader much food for thought, and even challenges their perspectives or beliefs.  Any book that inspires more thought and leaves you wanting to read more is worth reading and recommending!  Published by Laurel Leaf in 1994, it's a classic that won't go out of style!"
"Kiddoes, I just finished rereading this book for about the eighth time, but I'll try to transport my mind back in time to when I first read it. I think you'll get a better perspective that way.It's about a society that wants to be 'perfect'. Well, actually, 'perfect' wouldn't be the best word. I suppose that they want everything to be structured and uniform. They call it in the book 'Sameness'.There are books and movies about futures that stink, but, let me tell you, this is an especially insane one.The land is climate-controlled, and completely the same. Flat; no hills, no valleys. No colors, even. And it isn't just the outside that's controlled... The people don't love, aren't sad or guilty... basically, they don't feel human emotions. Only the Receiver is allowed to experience those things, and he is the keeper for the entire community... without him, the memories would be unleashed and the community would revert to chaos.People have their jobs chosen for them, their mates chosen, even their children. You get to old? You're 'released'. (Releasing is killing, if you haven't figured that out.) A twin, and smaller than your brother or sister? You're released. Make a mistake, like flying in the wrong direction? Released. It's scary about what you can't do...Jonas is chosen as the new Receiver, and (surprise) he's the character that the book centers around. We read about his life before he is selected, during, and afterwards, and I don't know about you, but it was a major shock to me that there wasn't color.I'm not sure if I can say that I LOVED this book. Loving would imply that I loved the concepts, and also would imply that I wasn't horrified while I was reading it. Happy little kiddoes in America aren't really exposed to this kind of stuff... not even CLOSE to it.But I really respect it, and totally understand why it's a classic. Lois Lowry got a fan with this book; Number the Stars didn't quite do it for me.And another thing I think people need to understand about this book is that even though the text is simple and that youngsters can READ it, the concepts are meant for older kids."
"This book was so good! i loved it and couldn't put it down. It is different from other books. I am so glad that everyone is differnt(youl get me when you have read the book)Set in a future in which communities are entirely regulated, all life patterns ordered for maximum security, uniformity, painless existence, and pleasant, if uneventful family life, this novel unfolds the story of Jonas, a promising boy who, with all his age peers, will receive his adult assignment from the elders on the yearly day of advancement celebrated for all children going through carefully calibrated developmental stages. Jonas's assignment, however, sets him apart from his peers, and ultimately from the whole community.He is selected as the next Receiver of Memories, a post that allows him access to knowledge of the past carefully guarded from all but one Receiver in each generation. His lot will be to bear the pain of bearing, not only in his mind and imagination, but in his body, feelings and sensations suppressed in others by lifelong administration of biochemical regulators.Besides the old Receiver of Memories, whom Jonas calls The Giver, he becomes the only one able to see colors, feel pain, desire, loss, hunger, and to remember a world in which people felt something deeper than superficial stirrings. Among other things, he discovers what it is to feel love. Horrified at the blankness in which his people live, he chooses, with the Giver's blessing, and at great risk, to escape the community, and thus to release into it the memories he will not keep to himself.Rescuing a child destined for ""release"" for nonstandard development, Jonas embarks on a journey that leads him to a faraway place where the old life survives, leaving behind him a community that will emerge from their anaesthetized condition into the costly terms on which the gifts of ecstasy, joy, awareness, grief, and pain give life its value."
"Do you sometimes wish you lived in a utopia? do you wish you lived in a  world with no poverty, no robbers, no pollution, no color, no love, and no  warfare? Well, this story is about a boy named Jonas. Jonas is living in  that world, and he thinks he lives like everyone else and has a pretty good  lfe. He has a mom, a dad, and a sister, named Lily. He also has friends  like Fiona and Asher.  During the story, he meets the Giver who shows  him how the world used to be when there was love and warfare. He makes  Jonas have memories about warfare and love. jonas learns that his life is  boring compared to what the world used to be.  Jonas meets  the Giver during the twelve ceremony whe the 12-year-old kids get their  jobs.  Jonas is skipped, but at the end of the ceremony , Jonas learns that  he is the receiver of the community.  Later in the book, Jonas decided  that he has to leave the community and go where these memories are real.  He brings his half brother, Gabe, with him because if didn't , Gabe would  be killed. Gabe is a baby, who no one wants because he doesn't sleep  through the night, so the leader of the community is going to release Gabe.  Jonas' dad doesn't like this, so he taked the chold and makes Gabe one of  his own, but the master says that they were going to release him, and it is  out of Jonas' father's hands. Jonas decided to take Gabe and run away.  At the end, Jonas gets to a community with color and love.  I liked  this book, and I recomend it to everyone because it has action and  adventure, and it tells you a utopia isn't always a good thing. I though  there could have been a better ending. Lowry didn't talk about Jonas' new  community and if he liked it or not. I hope she makes another book about  his new community. I give this book four out of five stars. I would have  given it five stars if she had written a better ending."
"Have you ever had the feeling that you know of things that are too painful to describe?  Or even things that seem too wonderful and happy to even begin to explain?  If this describes you perfectly than you have to read or  reread The Giver by Lois Lowry.  This book is about a young boy  named Jonas who's life has been the same for the past twelve years until  the day he gets passed down the job of Giver!  He begins to experience pain  and suffering in our world today.  These feelings are so strong to him  because he lives in place called the `'Community''  where everything is  perfect, nothing goes wrong and there is no pain at all.  As he learns more  about these new experiences he begins to unveil the secrets oh the  `'Community.''  All in all, I highly recommend reading it and it's a great  buy!  -Julia C. Viegas"
"If you look at the description of this book and the description of the other books by Lois Lowry, you see a repeating theme - the loner, the outsider and the society that doesn't understand. In this case, it is a bland world of super protected people that can not really experience anything including real pain, love, and death. Everything is decided by rules and the group. It is a little like 1984 except far more pleasant. One individual is select to bear the burden of memories. A new child is selected and is given memories. including memories of war, starvation, complete families, etc. What is puzzling and never really explained is that the community does not experience color - color of skin and color of fruit, flowers, water even hair. That makes no sense. Apparently color allows more choice than the community feels is safe. Something got left when that was being explained.Of course the hero finds a way to break free and help the community. What else would happen? Of course I am being cynical. In the hands of a less idealistic writer this could be a really good story, however as written it lacks a lot. I think it won all kinds of awards because adults think children should be reading this type of moralistic idealistic stuff. I can not imagine any child except those that are overprotected and idealistic reading this. It does not really challenge thinking about choices and consequences. Nor does it challenge thinking about rules and societal needs."
"Slow to start, but an incredible climax that keeps you turning the pages.  I can't wait to read the next book in the series."
"I was first introduced to ""The Giver"" as an 11 year old, and it has stayed with me ever since.  I recently re read it because I was curious to see how my reaction would differ (now being an 18 year old).  I am happy to write that I had the same feelings for this novel.  It is a wonderful story with powerful imagery.  In fact, there are several scenes that have never left my mind.  The ending in particular is stunning.If I had to single out a best quality I would choose the originality of it.  This book did something for me that I believe all books should do: it made me truly *think.*  ""The Giver"" served as a springing board for my own examinations of our society and the things we take for granted.  It is a book filled with written emotion, and Lowry's wording is exquisite.  It is descriptive while being simplistic, and the meaning behind each word is sharp and clear.  Initially there is an awe; an innocent wonder.  As the plotline expands the awe turns to horror and pain.However, in the midst of it all there is a process of discovering beauty.  In ""The Giver"" the main character learns what feelings are.  In the course of reading this book, I felt as though I were being taught as well.This is one extraordinary piece of work."
"I just got done reading this book for the second time. I decided to teach it to a young girl I am privately tutoring in English. I hadn't read it in about five years and was concerned that it might seem dated the second time around. HARDLY!This masterpiece of Lowry's is for the ages. My student, who normally does not enjoy reading, would take every opportunity she got to ""see what happens next"" and often read past what I had assigned her.This book is a wonderful look at what happens when we cease to celebrate diversity and difference. Granted, this is a science fiction novel, but it stems from very real problems. ""Sameness"" may be convenient, but it is also a tragedy.Furthermore, for any of you who have read and loved Margaret Atwood's ""The Handmaid's Tale,"" this is the junior version.This is a book for every age group and a book that is guaranteed to have one asking questions not only of society, but of oneself as well.A Fabulous Read, and at 180 pages, there is no good excuse to pass it by.P.S. The ending is something of a controversy and it makes you, as the reader, decide what has happened (much like Atwood's novel). Truly, this is an exercise that will show you whether you see the glass as half full, or half empty."
"The Giver, by Lois Lowry, is an excellent book for readers of all ages. The plot and the themes work together beautifully to keep the reader both intrigued and guessing. You find yourself appreciating your own world and the things we so easily take for granted. The Giver shows us a world without feeling and without emotion, and one cannot help but think about ways in which our own world is also devoid of such basic necessities in life. This book will entertain, but also educate the reader about the ways in which society as a whole can so directly affect each one of us as individuals. I highly recommend this book to any reader above the age of 11."
"I read this book many years ago, and had re-read this book once again. Finished it just now, and must say that it has lead me to contemplate life, the meaning of it, how precious your choices are, and how expressive and individual humanity needs to be. I'm not going to add to the details, as I see there's an abundant of that in previous reviews before mine.I just wanted to add my spark of praise to the book. It even manage to strike a few tears from me.It granted me more insight than I had collected when I first read the book as a teen. Giving me such a gift automatically makes it live up to it's own title: ""The Giver"""
"The story takes place in a seemingly perfect world, one without pain and suffering, war and death, differences or choice. When children turn twelve, they are assigned a role to play for the rest of their lives in the Community. A young boy named Jonas is chosen as the next Receiver of Memory, receiving special training from the Giver who holds all the memories of the true pain and pleasure of life. One memory after the next, Jonas learns the beauty of what life can be and the horrors that have been tucked away.Complete Review: http://feistylittlewoman.wordpress.com/2014/08/26/book-to-film-the-giver/"
"I found this book to be very good. It is about a boy named Jonas. He has a family unit that consists of a mother, 1 adopted daughter, 1 adopted son and 1 father. In this case, Jonas is the son. Jonas has just been ""selected"" to be the ""Receiver"" or the ""Giver"". Now that he has the memories of sled rides, sail boat rides and other great things, he can see colors but no one else understands him so he has to try to explain everything but it is too hard. He has the ability to ask whatever he wants. There are other things in the story, but you have to read this great book to find out."
"Jonas lives in a totally safe and predictable world. The Elders make all the community's decisions, and every aspect of life is governed by detailed rules. One of those rules says that when an Eleven becomes a Twelve, childhood ends. That's about to happen to Jonas. He is nervous, even apprehensive, but he is also eager because at the transition ceremony he will receive his lifetime assignment. More years of schooling lie ahead, and for now he'll continue to live with his family; but the day after the ceremony he will also begin training for his new role as a contributing adult member of the community. Will he become a Nurturer like his father? Will he be an attendant at the House of the Old? An instructor for Threes, who need to learn the precise use of language? He can't guess. But no one could have guessed the assignment that he actually gets.Jonas will become the community's Receiver of Memories. He will carry what everyone else has forgotten long ago - the knowledge of what life was like before climate control, medicine to repress desire, and all the rest of the present world's safeguards were introduced. He alone will know what it's like to feel unrestrained emotions, and he alone will be capable of making genuine choices. He will have great honor, but he will bear a burden the rest of the community can't even imagine.What is safety, and what does it really cost? This is a surprisingly original take on a familiar speculative fiction device, that of the future community in which every aspect of an individual's life is rigidly controlled. Lowry's young hero discovers his world's secrets gradually and believably, taking the reader with him on a journey that forces the boy raised without choices to make decisions almost beyond imagining.--(...)"
"Imagine a world with no pain and no suffering. Imagine a world where marriage partners are selected and children are assigned to a family. Imagine a world with no color, no war, no pain, no suffering. Imagine a world with no sunshine, no snow, no hills, and no memory. Imagine a world where everyone is equal and all choices are predestined. Welcome to Jonas' world.Jonas lives in the world of Sameness. Memory has been removed from the citizens to eliminate pain and suffering. Everyone in the community has a job that is assigned to them when they turn 12. Jonas, upon turning 12, was honored by being selected as the next Receiver of Memory. He begins to train with The Giver, the previous Receiver of Memory, who holds all memories of former life and soon realizes that he fails to experience not only the bad in life, but also the good. After several weeks of training, Jonas discovers a shattering secret and despite the dictated laws for his job, he plans action against the ironically corrupt system.Having read ""The Giver"" when I was in 3rd grade, I didn't note on all the symbolism and the deeper meaning behind the book. Once I reread it, however, I was amazed. I was amazed that one author could create such a scene and predicament within one story that raises so many questions. When I finished the book the second time, I sat back for a couple minutes and simply thought, ""Wow!"" Even though ""The Giver"" reads on the level of a 3rd grader, I would recommend not picking up this book until mature themes become evident in everyday reading.Overall, ""The Giver"" was a phenomenal book. Lois Lowry's style and diction depicts what the perfect world could be like, while throwing the ultimate question into play: would it be worth living without pain if you also had to live without joy?"
"Title: The GiverAuthor: Lois LowryIn this exciting novel, a boy named Jonas is turning twelve years old.  In the community of which he lives in, each time that you turn a year older, a celebration is held.  During this celebration, or ceremony, you either have to give up something, or you are expected to do a specific job or play a specific role.  Turning twelve in this community is a big deal because it puts you into adulthood.  At the Ceremony of Twelve, you receive a job, or your role in the community.  Since Jonas is turning twelve this year, he is expected to get his role in society, along with his friends Asher and Fiona.  Asher hopes that his role in society will be one that has to do with taking care of kids and Fiona hopes that her role is one that will have to do with taking care of the elderly.  Jonas doesn't really mind of what role he gets, but he hopes that it will be something that will suit him well.The big day finally comes and Jonas gets a job that he will soon get to love.  This role will suit him very well.  He learns about the community in which he lives in and knows things that only he and his teacher are allowed to know.  He also learns about the people who have been ""released"" from the community.  Will this lead him on an adventure that helps him understand his community better?This book is suspenseful, yet exciting.  In this book, you are always waiting for the big moment of what his role in the community will be.  Once you find out the role Jonas plays, you will want to keep reading to see what will be the outcome of his learning experience.I would recommend this book to anyone who loves to be surprised and for people who are always waiting for an exciting adventure!  You won't regret reading this book!"
"The Giver is possibly the best book I have ever read.  I received it from a friend about eight years ago, who received it from a teacher she had been working with.  Since then, I have given the book to no less than thirty people, each of whom has touched my life in a loving and eye opening way.  I have read The Giver so many times, I have gone through three copies!  I am in my twenties and have worked with children most of my life.  My favorite literature genre is young adult, but due to my age I am often not taken seriously by those around me when it comes to discussing novels.  I feel anyone who takes the time to read The Giver will understand my passion for young adult literature.  I continue to pass along the words of Ms. Lowry, because I feel the need to share with the world the meaning behind her stories.  I have read several reviews for The Giver which have stated it is inappropriate for the age it is written for.  It deals with controversial, or delicate, subjects, such as death, puberty, maturity, sexuality, love, the environment, child bearing, the roles of men and women, etc.  The list could keep on going!  The point is, for those of you who work with children or have children of your own, this book gives you the opportunity to discuss these matters with them!  Open up your own mind and let them open theirs to the world around them!  Some reviews say The Giver is too emotional a read for children.  Let them feel!  Let them get angry, or hurt, or scared, or joyful--talk to them!  I feel this is an excellent book for communication--if I didn't feel this way, I would not have written such a lengthy and involved review!I also recommend Gathering Blue, by Lois Lowry.  It is an excellent companion to The Giver."
"The Giver  By Lois LowryThe Giver is a fantasy novel by Lois Lowry.  The setting is a fantasy utopia, where every family unit has a mom, a dad, a son and a daughter.  Everyone has a job chosen by the elders set to the recipient's mental, emotional and physical health. Jonas, the main character, is growing up with a group of kids the same age as he is. On the day Jonas' group turns 12, they get their ""assignments"" which is their lifelong job. Jonas gets a very special job.  He is to be the ""Receiver of Memory.""In the utopia Jonas lives in, people don't want to have the burden of war, hate, pain and love, but they also give up sunshine, snow, color and music. They do not simply give the memories up. They give them to the ""receiver.""  The ""receiver"" can aid the elders in decisions they have not faced before. When Jonas becomes the ""receiver"" he learns of the true nature of life and death and how many bad things his family and friends are trained to do, but not think badly about. When the old receiver, named The Giver by Jonas, transfer memories to Jonas, it is with almost psychic power.  Jonas gets to live these old memories with all the senses he has.  He actually feels like he is reliving terrible past events.  He finds out terrible things. When Jonas learns of the worst things, he decides he can no longer live in this community.  He decides he must leave and he takes with him the one person he has grown to love and can't bear to abandon that person to what fate has in store for them if left in the community.The book is very detailed about the community and its people.  You actually begin to enjoy watching them come to life, and when you begin to learn things about them, you feel angry. Lois Lowry does a great job relating Jonas feelings of anguish and betrayal as he makes one of the hardest decisions in his life.  The climax is very good and you are left with idea that maybe a couple of things could have happened, and you need to decide what kind of person you are to end the book for yourself.  And added benefit is that it is not a very hard read and anyone above the 4th grade should easily be able to read it. I highly recommend the book to anyone who likes to read fantasy novels."
"The Giver In the book the Giver by Lois Lowry a science fiction novel. Is a very exciting and adventurous story about a boy in a sameness community. Who sees everything very different from others. Jonas is eleven year old boy who lives in a sameness community. In the community there are a ton of rules for example you can only have two children one boy, and one girl. Once you reach the age of twelve which on Jonas mind is coming up everybody in December has I big ceremony celebrating there age, and when you are twelve you get assigned a job by the Chief Elder the leader in the community. The most important job you could be assigned is receiver of memory which Jonas was chosen for. He thought he was skipped because she did not say his number. Everybody has trainer and Jonas was the Giver he gave him memories of the past and could see color now because of the Giver but he could not tell anybody about his training. Later on in the book Jonas Dad a nurturer in the community had a job when there was two kids (twins) wit same name they have to choose the one that is the heaviest and his Dad had to kill the other baby. Jonas asked the Giver if he could see the tape of the neutering and he does, and after he has seen he tells the Giver he wants to apply for a release but you are not allowed to apply for a release. So what does he do? Jonass motivations are when he does stuff like when he tried for an a release he did not think about it he just went and asked for one with out thinking and that is how Jonas is in the book. In every decision Jonas makes he never thinks about it first and then he ends up regretting his decision. He does it because he doesnt know about the consequences or does not think of any consequences that might happen. There for Jonas is a character who does thinks before he acts and later on pays for those mistakes. Jonas role in the book is he is the main character the center point of the story. Jonas is a wise, brave, persistent boy who sees everything different from other people and that is why he was chosen as receiver of memory. The Giver the man who is training Jonas is also the same as Jonas because the receiver of memory and the Giver are the same thing and thats why they were chosen for that position in the community. The strong points of the story are that it is very exciting and adventurous, and it makes you think like why did he do this? Another one it was a very descriptive book and, very easy to read and, follow along the author describes every little detail in the book. It is also very strong in describing the characters description and what they do and why. I dont think there are any weak points in the book because it is very, easy to read and, follow along, and follows the expectation for a science fiction novel and, it is very descriptive and, really good word choice. Thats what I think of the Giver a really great book. By: Derek Rager"
"This little book is titled ""The Giver,"" but the message is easily received.  It is written for young readers, but the message is timely for most adults as well.  Recognizing that this book has a young audience in mind, it is not surprising that the ""message"" is somewhat in your face.  You don't have to take a college course in philosophy to figure out what Lois Lowry is trying to say.  But that doesn't mean there isn't plenty to think about...there is!  In the perfect little world of sameness that the story takes place, the ideas of knowledge, history, personal choice, diversity, death (and others) are considered bad and not useful for a successful society.  The result seems, on the surface, to work just fine, but you discover that their denial is so great that they don't even see the deepest, darkest secrets of their own existence.  They can't!  Not because they're blind, not because they're brain damaged, but because their paradigms are so carefully shaped for them that they don't even know to ask certain questions.  Only one member of the community at a time has any knowledge of the dark side of their collective experience, the Receiver of Memories.As engaging as the story is, it is also timely.  Looking at my religious tradition, I can see elements of this story all over it.  Looking at other fundamentalist movements, I see the same thing.  Everywhere you look you see movements to reduce our personal choices and freedom, denying and re-shaping history to fit our wants rather reflecting reality.  It's all packaged by those who claim special or even divine knowledge that they ""know what is best for us, even though we, ourselves, cannot see it.""  Like sheep we follow, and that following results in such tragedies as the Mountain Meadows Massacre in our own western history, the Jonestown massacres, the Branch Dividians, and most recently the spate of Islamic terrorism that spans the globe.  Each act is perpetrated by well-meaning followers who have sacrificed their personal freedoms, their personal choice, their personal knowledge, their personal awareness for good of the society, only to find that sacrifice of self equals sacrifice of society.This is a great little book, and one well worth the three hours it takes to read (though the premis is nothing new...it borrows shamelessly from other Utopian themes, such as B.F. Skinner's ""Walden Two"").  My copy is a ""Readers Circle"" copy, with discussion questions included.  I strongly recomend reading this book with a group of others and discussing it together.  The message will be that much more profound!"
"The Giver is a great science fiction book written by Lois Lowry.  This book is about a boy named Jonas and his family in a perfect world.  Jonas does not like this world but he cannot leave.  When the children become twelve they become adults.  They also get their first job.  Jonas's job is to become the Receiver of the town's memory.  This makes his life even harder.  Now he wants to escape.  I loved how Lois Lowry described this setting in this detailed book.  In one part of this book Jonas receives a memory from the Giver about snow, which Jonas has never experienced.  He feels the Giver's old, frail hand touch his bare back.  All of a sudden, Jonas feels the room grow cold.  He also starts to feel tiny pin pricks on his back.  He then realizes that the Giver told him it was snow.  I think that is a great setting description for that memory.  When Jonas learns about love, the Giver puts his frail hand back on his bare back again.  Then all of a sudden Jonas is in a warm room with a fire in the fireplace.  Then he sees multiple children and parents.  He turns and sees two elderly people.  He thinks to himself, ""This is an odd family unit.""  He feels something in the room but can't quite grasp it.  Then the Giver says that it is love.  I know this makes me want to read the book more.  A perfect world is not always good.  To make this a perfect world, they had to take out many things such as color, memory, love, hope, fear, and hate.  Imagine a world like this.  The author might like this world because she wanted perfection but I think that some people would not like this world.  I know that I wouldn't like this world.  The Giver has a strange ending but has an interesting twist at the end that makes it exciting.  I understood this book because of the themes.  For example, love cannot be artificial and a perfect world is not always good.  I also understood this book because of the settings. Without these in the book, I would be lost.  This book has good details and an interesting plot.  It was a good book because it made me feel differently about perfection.  I give it two thumbs up.  You should read this book too."
"After reading some of the multitude of reviews already written about this particular novel, I felt an overwhelming urge to put my (i hope valuable) two cents into the pile.First off, I would like to say that I think that this book is brilliant.  Well-written, a fascinating story of a utopia gone wrong, quite similar to Orwell's ""1984.""  The premise is interesting, the style is fitting, and the layers of meaning are thought-provoking.  Need I say more?Obviously.Looking at the mass of negative outporing which this book has recieved, I feel it is necessary to make some things clear, even though I am quite sure that this review will glean nothing but scorn from those I am trying to debate with.For all of the 12 year-old readers out there, I am somewhat surprised with the disregard and in some cases complete disgust that this book is being recieved with.  When my class read this book when we were 12, we absolutely loved it, and thought much of how we view the world.  Perhaps it is a level of maturity that is the issue, or a societal placement, but the fact that fascinating books like this are being left by the wayside frightens me quite a bit.Now, for the people whom I truly wish to pick a bone with: the adult figures declaiming this book as a piece of [garbage] which does not even deserve to be burned.My first comment would have to be that your are being incredibly closed-minded in regards to this book.  One should not look at a book in a disrespectful light because one disagrees with it.  I mean, you should realize this is a fictional book, and a vehicle for an author's ideas and opinions.  It made so we can look at ourselves critically, not so Mr. Deer can go and play with Mr. Goat.Besides, by saying that you wish to protect children from this kind of [book], you are denying exposure to the real world and the many fascinating viewpoints that the world contains.  Kids see the fact that life isn't happy-go-lucky every day (especially now since events from last September).  Denying anyone the freedom to find out the opinions and ideas of others is a great crime which should not be committed.But hey, I'm just a 14 year-old kid, so what do I know?"
"This book is about a young boy named Jonas who lives in a perfect organized world.  In this world everyone is assigned a role.  When Jonas was twelve he received the highest honor in the community, the job he was assigned to was ""Receiver of Memory"".  Jonas's new job description was that he would bare the memories of the town and the world before the community was formed in order to protect the people.  He has a specific ability to see color and that is how he was chosen for the job.  Jonas meets with the old receiver, now called ""The Giver"", everyday in order for him to give him all the memories good and bad.  After receiving most of the memories Jonas began to feel a great burden and understand the truth about this utopian society.  Jonas knew the injustice and horror that occurred in order to keep the society in this ""perfect"" condition.  Jonas believed that the memories he was receiving should belong to the people.  He and the Giver think up a plan that will ensure Jonas's escape from the community and the return of all the memories.  With his leaving the community the memories the Giver had given him would be released into the minds of all the residents of the community.  It was the only way to change the communities understanding. I loved Lois Lowry's imagination in creating this story.  She allows everyone when reading this book to examine their own values on controversial issues in their own society and indirectly challenges them to change the issues. I loved this book for its brilliant story.  I really do feel that you get something different from it whenever you read it.  I read this book in sixth or seventh grade and I did not get as much out of it as I did now.  I loved following Jonas through the story.  You could so easily imagine the society due to the very elaborate descriptions Lowry gave.  An excellent story."
"In the world where fear is not a factor, crime is not an option, and happiness is required, Jonas, a twelve year old, changes this world drastically.  The community Jonas lives in is one hundred percent controlled but the government and as people reach a certain age, they are given a privilege to receive something from the government. When Jonas is assigned a job as a receiver on his twelfth birthday, people in his community only see him as a caring, smart, never to do anything wrong young adult.  As Jonas is opened up to a world only a few get to see in his society, he is astonished and appalled by the troubling activities that take place to make his world, a  ""safe"" place.  The Giver, person who gives Jonas the memories, changes Jonas and changes his way of life by opening Jonas up to pain, fear, and doubt.  As Jonas tries to live his life, he realizes that his family as well as his community is controlled as if they were robots.  The government has made strict rules and if some ""forbidden"" rules are broken, ""the government"" makes the person who broke the rule just disappear.  This is what drives people to do as they are told. Jonas gets to a breaking point and he decides that people need to know about what is going on in his community.  His first step was giving his received memories to a baby that was temporarily living at his house. The baby did not meet the ""requirements"" due to crying all the time, and was scheduled to be put to death. Fearing that the government would find out and knowing what happened to the previous receiver, he takes an unpredictable step. This book is truly an amazing piece of writing and it should be a requirement for schools throughout the country."
"I've read this book multiple times, the first being when I was in middle school, and what impresses me the most is that every time I read it, I find something new that makes me stop and think.  This time around, I stopped to think about the concept of everything having ""sameness"".  My first instinct was to compare the society of The Giver to that of a Communist society, but the main themes go further than that.  In The Giver, the society strove to repress all memories, painful or otherwise, in order to form a more perfect world.  But would this really serve an important purpose?  I think even if the world could somehow convert itself into an equal playing field for everyone, the lack of independence and personal choice would stifle society's ability to function.  It's an interesting concept.  I also think the reader can draw comparisons from the society to today's.  The emphasis on the Twelves to pass from childhood to the adult world is comparable to today's high school senior.  After that certain age, the child is left to make the decisions of their future and to train for the path they choose.  There are many other such similarities throughout the novel as well.  Overall, the book had an interesting concept and was quite thought-provoking.  At times, the pace was a bit slow for my liking, and some of the events seemed rushed or out of place, but in general the book was very well-written.  It was able to maintain an easy reading style while at the same time contained matter that adults could relate too.  Plus, it's different than the traditional youth story.  It truly makes you imagine the possibilities."
"This book is targeted to a ""young adult"" reader (junior high and upwards).  But at my age (considerably over 21 years old) I found it original, thought-provoking and to be a bit honest, a bit scary!I totally agree with the editors' reviews when they say that it's possible to get seduced into the quiet, orderly, apparently problem-free world presented here -- until we begin to see that all this order and apparent ""peace"" has some flaws -- and on further examination, the flaws become serious.  Jonas, the main character, begins to wonder even on his own, and when his community chooses him to be the ""Rceiver of Memories,"" his uneasiness becomes even greater, and he begins to wonder if the tranquility and order of his community comes with a price that he doesn't want to pay.There are many reviews here that give a summary of the book probably better than I could.  But I would like to add that Lois Lowry does a superb job of showing the problems that can come up in any society and she also shows that it's possible for dedicated truth-seeking individuals -- including young teens -- can make a difference.This book points out some of the problems that we encounter in George Orwell's book 1984 and the book BRAVE NEW WORLD, but on a level appropriate for young people to read as well as and ""older kid"" senior citizen like myself. I am impressed with the respect that Lois Lowry has for young people, because they most certainly CAN understand societal issues when presented in a form that they can relate to.I don't think I'll be spoiling it for you to say that this theme is continued in Lois Lowry's next two books in the series -- GATHERING BLUE and THE MESSENGER."
"Lois Lowry's The Giver is perhaps one of the most provocative children's books ever written.  Ms. Lowry's book is undoubtedly destined to become a ""masterpiece"" of the speculative fiction and negative utopian genres.  Her skill as a writer is evident in the novel's superb structure.  She slowly reveals details of the society in a natural and subtle manner; yet she has concealed some of the details so successfully that they come as a complete surprise to the reader.  Through this slow method of revelation, Ms. Lowry transforms an at-first-glance utopian society into a horrible and repressive negative utopia.Ms. Lowry's vision is extremely prophetic.  The society she depicts is staggeringly realistic and hits close to home.  Indeed, such a society could easily evolve from current trends for political correctness and oversensitivity.  Thus, her society is almost frightening in its accuracy.Overall, The Giver is masterfully crafted, as evidenced by its Newberry Award.  It is most certainly worth a read, even if you are not a young adult.  In fact, an older person should be able to appreciate it just as much, although an older and more experienced eye should be able to pick out minor flaws in character and idea development.  The only thing that detracts from the book is its sloppily constructed ending.  Abrupt and unfulfilling, it leaves too many questions unanswered and certainly disappointed me.  But give the book a try if you haven't already.  It's worth it."
"The Giver, recipient of the 1994 Newberry Medal, and considered by the American Library Association as one of the ""100 Most Frequently Challenged Books of 1990-2000"".The book is about a teen boy named Jonas who lives in a perfect community, a community that is sheltered from the world. In this community everyone has a special job; a job the council appoints them. The day called the Ceremony of Twelve. Jonas is 11 and his day to get his job is coming soon. He has no idea what his job will be. At the ceremony, he is called last. At the end, he finds out he's chosen to be the Receiver. The next day, Jonas meets his trainer, the old Receiver.Receivers ""receive"" memory from each other, and from generations of receivers past. With these memories, the Receiver gives advice to the council in making important decisions.Jonas is shocked by the memories, he feels and sees things he hasn't seen. He even feels pain, which he's never felt. He also learns of the startling truths in his community, which makes him want to escape, and he comes up with a plan to escape; a plan that could get him killed.The narration is told in third person. It will remind many readers of Ray Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451 and George Orwell's 1985 in the way that it deals with society, censorship, etc.Lowry uses simple language (unlike Fahrenheit 451) but it also could be the book's downfall if you like more expressive writers such as Michael Moorcock and Terry Brooks.The thing I enjoyed most about the book was the plot, especially when Jonas learns the dark secrets of what his community does behind everyone's back. I hope this book will give you the same suspense and chills as it gave me."
"A book for children. Wishy-Washy ending. The man character is blah, not attractive, rather pathetic. Just because he has an 'ability' and his father is a pathetic hypocrite, doesn't make the reader sympathetic to him.Money better spent on something else."
"This book makes you realize that in a perfect world, it would be great, but would be extremely boring. I found the book, like Number The Stars, very addicting. Even with strict rule, people will still lye and do  horrible things. I enjoyed this book very much."
"""The Giver"", by Lois Lowry, is a book that when finished causes the reader to really think about the society he lives in. Jonas, the main character, lives in a society where everything is perfect. Pain, disease, and any kind of suffering has been eradicated from society. Everything is in order; no one has any worries. Except for one person, The Giver. There is one person in this perfect society who carries the burden for each and every individual. This is the person with all of the memories since the begining of time. The Giver has memories of famine, war, sickness, poverty, and many more indescribable memories especially the abortion-like process which is happening in the society. However, The Giver also has every good memory since the beginning of time such as snow, springtime, love, and the ability to smell and see color. Jonas has been chosen to be the next Receiver of Memory for the society. Along with many memories Jonas is fond of, he receives the memory of what is done to the babies after they are born if the family already has too many children. This utterly terrifies him and he plans to stop this act. When his mother brings home a baby, Caleb, and says that he will only be staying for a while, Jonas is devastated because he knows what is really happening. This profound memory and the drive to stop this horrible action takes Jonas on an journey that will change his life forever. This book shows us how important the flaws in our society are and unlikely we are to really like a perfect world. After reading this novel, the reader will have learned that a perfect world would require many sacrifices some are unwilling to give. HMJ"
"Do you like dystopias? Do you wonder how this world will turn out? Are you a pessimistic person? This book is one author's story about a world that prejudice against the different has taken over. The main character in this book is a boy named Jonah. He lives with his father and mother. Although these are not his birth parents they treat him as their own son. But one major part of a parent is their love. In this book feelings are mild. No pain no love and no hatred. The Community has no feelings and death is not painful. The old people in the community take a painless shot and then they are dead. Only one person in the community can feel sorrow, hurt, happiness and all the feelings we feel. Another thing that this Community has abolished is color. All people can see is a dull gray. Again the same person that has feelings can see colors.Jonah is nearly 12 years old. This is when jobs are assigned. He hopes for a simple job that involves his interests. But nothing of the sort is given to him. The people at the community have been watching Jonah and he has been assigned the job as the Givers apprentice.The Giver is a person in the community that carries all the memories of the world. All the rainbows, the pain and the world as we know it. The Giver is the only one who knows the memories. And now the giver is growing old and he must pass his knowledge to Jonah. It is a hard time for Jonah because all he ever knew is begin reversed as he sees the world that he lives in is cruel and harsh and all the people are nave. Finally a plan is made as Jonah tries to save the world as he knows it from utter destruction."
"I was less than impressed with this novel. I remember reading it as a kid and thought that I would enjoy it once again, but sadly this was not the case. The ending is what ruined it for me. I don't want to bring up any spoilers, but I was left unsatisfied."
"The Giver is an amazing book. It starts with a boy, Jonas, that is living in a so called ""perfect"" community, with no pain, poverty, warfare, love, or color. A community void of any emotion. At first, as you read, you see that the character is oblivious of what really goes on in the community. He doesn't know what ""really"" happens when people get a ""release"", or that some people lie daily. It's a world were there's just trust, yet, as I said, no emotion. But then when the Ceromony of the Twelve comes around, Jonas is chosen to be Reciever of Memory, a job that is highly honored in the community. And soon after, Jonas meets the Giver, the previous Reciever of Memory, who helps explain to Jonas that the community, the world, was not always part of ""Sameness"", or not always the same. He tells Jonas that the world used to have animals, (which are in the community considered imaginary), love, pain, and many other things. So the Giver everyday shows Jonas good, bad, happy, and even awful memories from the past, the memories that are only given to the Giver so the rest of the community won't have to suffer. But soon Jonas wants to share the memories, wants the people to know these things, feel these things. So the Giver and Jonas devise a plan so that the community will be forced to bear the memories, all the memories. And so the adventure begins...There are many other things in the story that I left out, so you'll have to read the story to see what, but it's an amazing story so I think you'll enjoy reading it as I did. :) :)Peace out---> ^___^"
"This book is about a futuristic community where individuals are not capable of making their own decisions. This book is both captivating and unique at the same time. The captivating uniqueness of the community and how the community handles social issues is interesting when discussing topics in socialism. There is some content in this book that might be misunderstood by younger readers and may even be graphic in nature. Such as the release process of sickly new children,as well as the old. This book can at times be dark and bizarre, but keeps you interested throughout the book. There's alot of symbolism to be obtained within the book, such as Jonas seeing the color red. There is alot to learn about social behavior and what happens when we are exposed to things we have never seen before and how it is in the nature of an individual to make choices. The question that arises from this book is ""Are we better off making our own decisions individually, or having the community make it for us""?. There is also the aspect of the ending, where he inevitable escapes the community with Gabriel. The ending left you to think about what might have happened, but the symbolism implied by the new-child Gabriel implies alot to clear the ending. I would recommend this book to those 12 and older, since some aspects of the book might be too unclear and even scary(death of a new-child..etc)for those younger than 10. If you enjoy books that describe aspects of social behavior and science fiction, you would more likely like this book. Would also suggest as a read for social studies courses."
"If you want to read a wonderful novel choose to read ""The Giver.""  At times this excellant book might seen out of this world, but it shows many descriptions of our world.  The book features a boy named Jonas who is stuck in a world of sameness.  This community is banded from  many of the beautiful daily happenings of life.  The members of the  community cannot see colors or even feel different emotions.  You are set  into age groups by what year you were born in and do not have birthdays.  After you turn twelve and you have received your assignment your assignment  for and occupation you don't keep track of your age at all!  Jonas is  having a great life with his friends Asher and Fiona until he becomes a  twelve and receives his assignment of receiver of memory.  Slowly his  friendships start to disappear as Jonas gathers restrictions given to him  from his rules for his occupation like being able to lie.  Jonas starts to  see colors such as red and orange while even more come to him everyday for  he has the power to ""see beyond.""  Jonas goes to the old receiver  of memory or now known as the Giver to receive his training. The Giver  gives Jonas many memories of joy and happiness, but is also forced to give  him memories of fear and pain.  As Jonas learns more about the life in  Elsewhere the more eager he becomes to travel to Elsewhere no matter how  far he must travel.  If you want to find the ending of this book you will  have to read this novel.  ""The Giver"" is a novel that should be  shared for many generations to come."
"I'm probably the last of my generation to read this book, but I had to get to it eventually. Getting into this book proved a bit difficult and at first I suspected I wouldn't like it. As with any story, growing used to the jargon and understanding why characters behave the way they do is often a challenge. Still, this book proved to be a very emotional and vivid journey for the main character, Jonas. Other characters that stood out in particular were Asher, his best friend, Jonas's father, and, of course, the Giver.Most of the time, I'm a solid ending type of person, so I would have liked to see a more concrete resolution, especially since this story doesn't continue in a series. If it did, I probably wouldn't mind it. A lot of questions weren't answered, and that bothers me personally, but some stories you have to just assume that's the way things are. Because it was not shown how the Giver's plan worked out, I doubted that it did. I couldn't picture the community being anything other than what it was, and doubted disturbing the equilibrium would do anything to change what it had become after so many years (perhaps even centuries). But maybe that was the point--it couldn't change so the only way out was to escape and hope something better existed out there. Which, while I would like to believe so, was not confirmed.Loury's writing and storytelling reminded me a lot of Avi's work, whom I greatly admire. It definitely made me appreciate the brilliance of the outdoors and how we take the simplest things, such as color, for granted."
"The Giver a science fiction novel, by Lois Lowry, that tells the story about Jonas, A boy who lives in a futuristic world. In Jonas' world, there are no colors, no birds, no weather change and no emotions. A person's job is assigned to him or her at age twelve. Everything is regulated even who can give birth.Jonas' father is a Nurturer. He takes care of the babies in this world, but his job sometimes has a dark side. Jonas has a sister, Lily and a mother who works for the Department of Justice. Jonas likes to ride his bicycle, which every child receives at age seven. He also plays with his best friends a lot, Asher and Fiona.  All of them are constantly wondering what future will be decided for them. They don't get to decide there own future, it is determined by people who have the job of picking careers for the twelve year olds (who are then considered adults). When Jonas turns twelve he gets the job of ""Receiver of Memories."" His job is to receive all the memories from the old Receiver; the memories include stuff from our world, like seeing color, rain, animals and emotions. Jonas changes when he receives these memories and takes a giant step forward, and he starts doing stuff that he believes in. Out of five stars I give this book 3.5 stars. This book was a little confusing at times but over all I really enjoyed it. If you like science fiction I bet you will like this book even more then me. I especially liked the setting of Jonas' world and how so many things were so strange and different (well, at least to me)."
"In a future, perfect world where there is no such thing as pain, hunger, unemployment, or even death, 12 year old Jonas lives with his family in The Community.  In the Community everyone has their chosen job to perform:  Laborer, Nurturer, even Birth Mother.  As a Twelve, Jonas is to take his place in the Community by being given his career.  He is chosen to be the next Receiver of Memory.Jonas soon finds out that to be the new Receiver means that he is to receive all of the memories from all time, including the memories of things that do not exist in the world anymore....The most obvious reason for this huge turnout for a lesser-known young adult book is obvious:  it is simply a fantastic work.  Ms. Lowry starts off painting such a beautiful picture of this perfect world Jonas inhabits that we, as readers in this more than imperfect world, wish we could join him in his utopia, even with so many personal decisions being made for him.  However, slowly, bit by bit, we realize how limiting his world really is as he is exposed to more and more of what we call ""normal life"" that he has never even conceived of.""The Giver"" is a work of sheer genius for all ages.  However, most will encounter it first in school language arts/reading classes.  Somehow I managed to miss it through my formal school education and finally picked it up at the ripe age of 32.  It sings out to me as a brilliant work as much at my current age as I know it would have if I had read it in junior high.  If you have not yet read it, you simply have to."
"This book is ridiculous, it's maybe 20 pages worth of content printed in enormous font and ridiculous spacing to stretch it into a whole book. I can only imagine that the whole 'quartet' will amount to about half of a content of any normal book."
"Lois Lowry expresses the awakening of a boy who discovers the beauty and burdens of human choices. I appreciated the ease of the read and couldn't put the book down. Lowry is a very talented author, and the book flowed seeminglywithouteffort."
"Kira has just lost her mom to illness and is now an orphan.  She was born with a twisted leg, which makes her weak in the eyes of her village.  Those that are weak are put out to the Field (killed) as they are deemed a burden on the community.  Kira was spared that fate at an early age when her mom stood up for her.  With no family left to battle for her, Kira faces expulsion yet again as a useless member of society.  She is taken to trial before the council and given a task that only she can complete.  Kira has a gift that is hers alone within the community.  She soon comes to realize there are many secrets in the community and becomes unsure of who she can trust.  She must keep her plans to discover the truth a secret.Another good book from Lowry.  I was hoping for a continuation of Jonas' story from The Giver, but was introduced to a different world altogether.  I liked the naming convention the community has set up, though I think it would become a bit confusing.  Young children have one syllable names (e.g. Ann).  As they grow up, they are given two syllable names (e.g. Anna).  Adults have three syllable names (e.g. Annabelle).  The oldest and wisest have four syllable names (e.g. Annabella).  Thus, one person would have four different names throughout their lifetime.  I also enjoyed the artistry that Kira, Thomas, and Jo had.  They were born with a gift and that gift just pours out from them, seeming to take a shape of its own without them thinking about it. I'm intrigued to pick up the next book in the 'series'."
"When I first read the summary for this novel, I thought it would be similar to George Orwell's 1984 or a piece of modern, post-apocalyptic science-fiction. The story had similar characteristics such as: a ""Big-Brother"" type government and a society jaded by post-traumatic-stress, but surprisingly the novel set itself apart from other books of this nature. I was pleasantly surprised with the suspense throughout the novel. As soon as I thought I could predict their next move, the characters took me by surprise. Jonas comes across as a happy, satisfied child who wants-for-nothing. Living with his father, mother and sister, Lily, they seem like a very normal family. As the story progresses you learn of his communities need for ""sameness"" and callousness. When he is presented with his job as ""Receiver,"" he is honored that the elders chose him for such a highly-respected position. Although he doesn't know much about his assignment, Jonas is excited and eager to start his job. As the Giver starts to train him, the reader is on an emotional rollercoaster ride as they find Jonas' position being less of an honor and more of a burden. Every truth he encounters leads him to a lie about his seemingly perfect community. Every emotional forbiddance becomes more of a temptation. The safety of sameness becomes a danger! Besides the beginning of the book being a little slow, I would definitely suggest this as a must-read! I was in high school when this book was published. It is unfortunate that this wasn't on our required summer reading list!"
"First, in order to enjoy Lois Lowry's ""The Giver,"" you must understand, even if vaguely, the world in which the novel takes place; it is still Earth, but its society is utterly strange--despite the fact that this world is pain-free, no poverty, no illness. This is one of the novel's best qualities: it allows us to see how odd a world with no hardship is, compared to our society.In ""The Giver,"" Lowry follows Jonas, yet another citizen in this utopian society; here, your entire life, your entire future is planned for you...imagine the strictest yet most peaceful communist, totalitarian government (an oxymoron), combined with Orwell's ""1984."" Speakers and monitors surround everyone's living center, so ""they"" can observe whenever the citizens mandatorily discuss their dreams. There is no such thing as birthparents; when you're born (or rather given birth by ""birthmothers,"" which is an official profession) you are assigned to a family. There are not even any cars, everyone rides bicycles.Jonas' birthday is coming up. Every citizen has the same birthday, and everyone is given a designated gift on each birthday; for instance, when everyone is seven, they get a bike; and when they turn twelve, they are given their job...for life. Jonas is estranged from his friends when he is given the job of Receiver of Memories.He is tutored by the town's current Receiver, a weak old man only known to us as the Giver. In this experience, Jonas is given a gift that no one else in this society has--the gift of knowing freedom, true freedom. The gift to heal and cope with pain (something Jonas was alienated to), the gift of knowing family, the gift of seeing the world...as it should be.With this newfound knowledge, Jonas' desire to leave and to find a place where humanism exists, to save someone from this society, continues to haunt him.""The Giver"" is another one of Lois Lowry's crowning acheivements, winner of the 1994 Newberry Medal. This book is not to be looked over and placed into the shelf with no further attention; ""The Giver"" is brilliant, and is not only to be read, but to be deciphered."
"My 7th grade class is currently reading the giver by Lois Lowry. The setting is in a futuristic perfect community. As a child, the members of the community are observed by a comity and their jobs are selected for  them. The main character in this book, Jonas, is selected to be the  receiver of memory. Jonas no longer has to follow the rules of the  community. He has the most important job in the entire community. He goes  through strenuous training to absorb the information that his tutor, the  giver, is passing to him. He is a very important person to have in the  community because if something bad was about to happen he could warn them  of what happened before.  The wording in the book is very difficult to  understand. It takes a lot of thinking to understand the concepts in this  book. This book is supposed to portray a perfect world but I think that the  community is far from perfect. Everything in the community is based on  sameness. This means that there are no advances and no differences among  people. I think a world like that would be very boring because you would  wake up every day and know what was going to happen. There is very little  change in the daily schedule. A major reason why I think this wasn't a very  good book is because the author's idea of a perfect world isn't mine.I  gave this book two out of five star for three simple reasons. First of all  I didn't agree with her idea of a perfect world. Jonas's world is far from  anything that I would consider perfect. Secondly, I didn't think this book  was very interesting. I had trouble reading more than two chapters at a  time because the concepts of the book bored me. And lastly, I disliked the  ending. I can't tell you about it but if you read this book after my review  you will probably agree with my opinion of the ending. I would recommend  this book only to those who like slow reading books."
"""The Giver"" makes a great addition to the already growing dystopia library. Many of you may be wondering what Negative Utopia and Dystopia are- no, they aren't commonly used terms, are they? Well, let's start early on...Many readers may have heard of books like  ""1984"" (by George Orwell) and ""Brave New World"" (by  Aldous Huxley). These great novels are perfect examples of modern  dystopias. Dystopias, or Negative Utopias, as they are also known, are the  opposite of a Utopia, or perfect society (making these words describe  greatly flawed and problematic societies). The use of Negative Utopias  usually revolves around human rights- in ""1984"", human rights are  taken away, and ""big brother"" is always watching. In ""Brave  New World"", the use of post-modern science is used to illustrate a  dark world of the future, where people are genetically engineered and  separated into classes. This type of writing is sometimes simply called  paranoid, but I thoroughly believe that the warnings expressed in some of  these books are important to consider- while I doubt that thought-police  are going to take over our country tomorrow, sometimes our society seems to  be heading that way.""The Giver"" uses many of the same ideas  (classes, regulated societies) to illustrate another dark world of the  future, where marriages are formed by the government, and all children are  adopted. It adds its own flavorful twist, though- a man called ""the  Giver"" is designated to hold all of the dark thoughts that the rest of  society has forgotten, memories that are passed on from generation to  generation. This addition is very ingenious, and makes the entire plot a  little more eerie. The book also succeeds in suspense- I couldn't stop  reading until I got to the end.I was debating between 4 and 5 stars on  this book, but in the end I decided on 5 stars. While there are some things  that could have been developed or added, the book succeeds in doing the job  it was meant to do: introducing the entire idea of Dystopias, or futuristic  but flawed worlds, to students and young people."
"The Giver tells the sotry of Jonas, a boy who lives in a thefuture. There is no pain, confusion, war, poverty, sickness, orsadness in this society.  At age twelve, everyone is assigned a job by the community Elders. Spouses and children are chosen by the elders as well. At teh ceremony of twelve, Jonas is assigned the job of Receiver of Memory. The Receiver is given memories of the past from the Giver. The memory of every stron emotion or sensation, every tradgdy, every song, all that has been purged from the community, is held by the Receiver. It is the Receiver's job to be the one entrusted with retaining these things for the sake of the community. Jonas receives memories of pain, war sadness, love, joy, anger, fear, and death. Jonas realizes that the people who formed his utopian community had to give up feelings, choice, colors: anything that would make one person different from his fellows. Difference leads to strife. By eliminating differences, the community can exsist without any problems that plauge society. As he learns of the past, Jonas comes to feel that his society is not a utopia at all. Having experienced emotion, Jonas realizes that he cannot continue to live in the community, and runs away.  The story is told in the third person, from Jonas's point of view. The message of the book is that sometimes the cure is worese than the disease. In attempting to form a utopian society, those who created Jonas's community robbed its citizens of thier humanity, For example, if a baby is born in this society that is at all ""imperfect"", it is killed.  I really enjoyed The Giver because it is so well written that it makes me feel as if I am there with Jonas. I would give this book four stars because I do not understand what happens to Jonas at the end. The book ends with Jonas sledding down a hill that leads him, perhaps, into an imperfect community, like ours, where colors, choice, music, and feelings exsist. The ending is not clear to me because I don't know if Jonas dies, or if he really comes to a community with colors, choice, music, and feelings."
"This novel, The Giver, written by Lois Lowry is an exciting, breath-taking book. It is well written, and it keeps you interested with the exciting things that are happening.  It is about a 12-year-old boy named Jonas who  discovers the true meaning of life. You see, he lives in a community where  there is no color or pain. Nobody is left hungry, and everybody is equal.  You might think it is a utopia, but the people have to give up a lot. They  have no love, no marriage, no originality, and no one can be the slightest  bit different. Jonas is selected to be the next Receiver of Memory, who  receives the memories of the past before the community went to Sameness,  and he alone can experience the pleasure and pain of life.  His father is a  nurturer who takes care of babies, or so Jonas thinks.  Actually, Jonas  sees his father kill a baby on video screen!  His mother works as a person  who enforces laws. Jonas realizes that he lives in no utopia and that he  lives in a totally separated society.  His society is separated from  practically the whole outside world.  He realizes that his community is  separated from the outside world from the memories he has been receiving  from The Giver.  He decides he cannot live without colors, pain, or  basically a regular world with real love, so he leaves the community and  goes ""Elsewhere"" to live in the pleasure of colors and weather.  That is an extremely daring move. You see, in his community, nobody is  allowed to leave their homes after dark. Also, he steals food. That is  dangerous because the night crew is right there watching him take it!  If I  were Jonas, I would do the exact same thing he did. I could not imagine  living in a society like that one. The Giver is a truly excellent book  because the plot is interesting, and the book kept feeding me with more and  more information. I recommend it to children ten and over because younger  ones might not get or understand the true meaning of the book. I give it 5  STARS!"
"The Giver is a great book about a boy named Jonas who lives inan almost perfect community with no future, no choices, and nopain. When Jonas is chosen to be the new receiver of memories, his whole life changes.  The community in which Jonas lives is plain and flat, with no hills, and the weather is always the same, with no rain or snow. All the houses are the same. The food and the furnishings are the same. Even the people are the same.  Jonas has a father who is a nurturer, one who cares for babies; a mother who is a lawyer, and an eight-year-old sister named Lily, a sometimes-annoying girl, who goes to school. Jonas has two friends: Asher, a mischievous and funny boy, and Fiona, a nice girl whom Jonas likes. There is Gabriel, a little baby boy who has been sleeping at Jonas' house to try and become a part of the community. Last but not least, there is the Giver, the former receiver, whose job is to hold onto the community's memories. He changes Jonas' view of the world, and becomes Jonas' best friend.  The Giver teaches Jonas a lot. He helps him to get feelings through memories in order to become the new receiver. He also helps Jonas learn more about the rules and history of the community.  One night, the Giver shows Jonas one of the rules of the community called ""Releasing."" The only thing Jonas knows about releasing is that it is part of his father's job.  The Giver has Jonas observe his father perform the procedure on the Giver's television screen. Jonas gets extremely mad when he learns that releasing is basically murder.  He is shocked when he sees his father inject a deadly liquid into an infant.  After that incident, Jonas is certain that his community is not perfect. He thinks about how no one is allowed to have feelings and make choices.  The Giver and Jonas make a plan for Jonas to go to another community so that he and the rest of their community could have a better and different life by having the freedom of choices and feelings.  I think this was a really good book because it shows me a new view of the world. For example, it tells me that you shouldn't try to make a perfect world because you will have to give up important things like emotions and being a unique individual.  I give this book five stars as a rating because it was well written and very informative and detailed.  This book was very exciting, interesting, and fun to read. I recommend it to anyone from ten to adult because I promise you, the book will be a part of you, and you won't be able to put it down once you take a peek behind the cover!  Have fun!  END"
"I read this book because it is on my daughter*s reading list for school;  once I glanced at it, I was hooked--had to get to the end.  What I found  was a sad, safe, uneventful world where no mistakes would ever be made.  No  mistakes, because there were really no choices to make at all; as Jonas,  our protagonist learns, choices are forbidden *because people might choose  WRONG.*  The result?  A peaceful world of health and plenty, wherein all  might fulfill thier potential, where bigotry and violence have been  eliminated, where humans live in perfect balnce with themselves and nature.  The cost?  Any differences, no matter how slight.  Even color had been all  but phased out.  Apologies must always be accepted for even the smallest  disruption, and all those who even remotely threaten or weaken the careful  social order are *released*, which tranlates into being killed, as Jonas  discovers.  He learns all this from the Giver, an old man charged with  retaining all the messy things such as emotions, mistakes, sorrows.  This  is ultimately a sad book, as the full ramifications of the carefully  balanced world unfold in the telling; even such harmless things as  grandparents, twins, pets, and candles have had to be phased out, in the  name of public welfare.  Only the Giver is allowed/entrusted to bear the  dangerous burden of Mistakes.  In the end Jonas has to decide between his  lauded position as the Giver*s apprentice--and of saving the life of an  *unfit* baby he has come to love.  I find the ending frustrating-- Jonas  and his *brother* set out for the mythical Elsewhere, only to be lost in  the snow.  Though Lowry envokes the power of memories she does not resolve  the tale either way, i.e. either with Jonas* death and subsequent release  of the pent-up years of memories into the general populace, or with his  finding anyone else to take them in.  This kind of ending leaves me  frustrated; tho her point is well-made, the resolution is left unfinished.  Jonas* sacrifice is almost in vain--I wonder if anything will really  change.  We worry about making mistakes, we see what happens if we are not  allowed to make mistakes.  A disturbing read."
"My 10-year old daughter 'feeds' me with delicious, small book-snacks that I can read in a few hours.  After reading 'The Giver', I was stunned.  This was no snack.  This was a medicinal.The meat of the story is compelling  enough as Lowry sets for us the proposition of a Utopian society where all  children are wanted and all members of a community productive and  neighborly.  But lurking therein is an odor of something not right, which  becomes much stronger and definitive as we learn with Jonas just what his  Assignment is to be.In my opinion, the bone of the story is revealed in  Jonas' decision to leave the Community.  Jonas carried me along on his  journey, so much so that when we come to the end of the book, teetering on  the snowy hill, Jonas faded and I was left there to decide what happened,  not only to him, but, in a very disconcerting way, to me.All day I've  been thinking about Jonas.  It is cold and snowing today and I've been  thinking, ""Could I walk in the snow, not knowing where I was  going?""  I got a little hungry and thought, ""But, could I be  starving and still go forward?""  Jonas' bravery and newly gained hope  against all odds has stirred me. I've read and re-read the text to get some  definitive answer about what finally becomes of Jonas, and have decided  that it is enough to launch down the hill with him, hoping.That is  what my daughter so much as said, when I ran to her room after finishing  the book, distraught, and scared that the author had devised a truly sneaky  way to cover his death.  I asked her, ""What do you think it  means?"" ""Oh,"" she replied, ""of course he lives.""  Yes, he does.  In me."
"This book was a beautiful read. It sucked me in from the beginning. Classic Dystiopian! Well thought out characters, great descriptions, easy to picture this story in my head. A short 188 pages but felt like it contained so many more pages than that.Jonas is worried about what the society with assign him as his job. In this society there is ""Sameness"". No color, no difference. A pill is taken to repress sexual feelings birth and death is handled very clinically and very detached. All of society has no feelings and no choices. The society has decided that this is the best way. When Jonas is chose to be the new Receiver, he must receive all of the memories that the society cannot experience. As he does, he awakens to how limiting his society is and a world without love, color, feelings and memories is very plain. For a society who emphasizes the correct use of words, many words have lost their meanings without feelings and memories to define them. Jonas struggles in his position of Receiver and questions the organization of the society. He questions his fathers role as nurturer and his friend as caregiver for the old. Ultimately Jonas make a choice that will impact society and his life and things will have to change.I was sad to reach the end of the book, and it left me having more questions than answers. I am really looking forward to the next book. I hope it will answer my questions.This is more that a YA book. This book is relevant to adults as well. In a society that values ""Sameness"" how is there room for individuals and acceptance of those individuals? Our society should pay closer attention to the words between the lines found within this fabulous book! One of my top 5 reads this year!"
"The Giver is five times better than I thouht it would be. Usually, school books are not very much fun to read. They try too hard to teach you something. Well, sinceI read the Giver, I've changed my mind; it was GREAT. It's the best school book I've ever read.  This great book is about a  boy named Jonas who lives in a utopian world. Jonas is the receiver of  memories in his community because no one else in the town has any memories.  He finds this out by seeing several memories of the real world. He finds  out that his world is just a colorless, emotionless pleace where no one has  any enjoyment using the senses. Jonas can't believe this! He is discouraged  ans appalled when he finds this out. He runs away looking for the real  world.  I loved this book because it has an excellent plot, and I  loved the ending because you make up the last part yourself. I thought the  ending was extremely suspenseful.  The setting of The Giver is in a  small village. The main charecters in The Giver are Jonas, the receiver of  the town; the Giver, the man who gives Jonas the memories; Asher, Jonas'  best friend; and Fiona, the girl whom Jonas likes. Th econflict in the book  is when Jonas realizes that his world is all the same and that people are  not given the choices to experience or feel and to be free and live in a  real world. Thsi makes Jonas feel differently about everybody in his life  and makes him want to run away. You will be surprised by the way he  resolves this conflict.  I thought the idea of having a person who  actually receives memories was intriguing. A utopia which takes away  personal freedom is not worth having! I highly recomend this book. It is  fun to read and it will make you think."
"I can't believe that I wasted my time reading this book. Kept thinking it would get better.  The ending was unbelievable, so I read a little of what I thought would be the next book but was even more confused. I  will not spend any more time and money to see what this author does. Sorry to me it was a waste of time."
"Would you like to live in a ""Perfect"" community where every family is the same? Well in the book The Giver that's practically how it is. Jonas, the main character, lives in a community like this. Jonas is eleven and every year all the kids that are eleven turning twelve get their assignment or job at a ceremony held in December. It is time for the ceremony and Jonas will be getting his assignment and he can't wait. He doesn't know what his assignment will be, but he hopes for it to be something important and fits him well. This book is something you should really take time to read because it is interesting and enjoyable.  The book The Giver is very interesting. One part of the book that shows this is when Jonas has his weird dream and his mom said it was his first stirrings. Another interesting point in the book is when Jonas is at the ceremony where he will find out what his assigment will be and it is very suspensful.  This book is also enjoyable. One enjoyable part is when they share their dreams each morning from the night before. Also it was enjoyable how Jonas helped out at different places like the house of the old as volunteer work.  The best age for this book is probably about ten to eighteen. This is because there are some parts and some words that younger children wouldn't understand. This book might be boring for older people but some still might enjoy it.  You should really use your free time wisely and read this book The Giver because it is very interesting and also enjoyable."
"I had herd a lot of good things about this book and when I finally read it, it turned out to be an awesome book. It was one of those books that I could not stop reading. In the perfect world that Jonas was born into, everything was planned. Each person was matched with another that they would start a family with and have a life. Each couple was to have two children, one boy and one girl. And if that child did not mature on schedule with all of the other babies, it would be released (killed). All of the old folks lived in a home that they would also be released at a certain date. Each December the children would move up a year. And when you reach the twelfth year, you would get assigned a role in the community. Jonas was a twelfth year, and was ready to receive a role. But when the ceremony came, all the other kids got a role, except Jonas. At the end of the ceremony Jonas was called up to receive one of the most prestigious roles assigned. Jonas was to receive the position of ""Receiver of Memory"" this meant Jonas was to learn all of the history behind this perfect world. Why the people did not decide anything, or why they had such strict rules. This news frightened him. An the book goes on about how he deals with receiving all the truth behind this so called ""Perfect"" world. I recommend this book to anyone that like a good suspense, kind of mysterious book. I had a great time reading it and enjoyed the things the author did to make it such an interesting book."
"Hands down without question the 2nd best book I've ever read. The Giver is a masterpiece written beautifully by Lois Lowry. I loved this book which showed similarities to Fahrenheit 451 but was in no way boring or unoriginal. It's amazing view of a world of sameness awed me and will entertain you too.The Giver is set in what is seen as the future although there are no references to what year it is or even to the date. The place is a ""community"" (one of the many different words used for substitutes in The Giver) that has adapted to total sameness. Everyone is the same to an extent: Every family unit has a boy, a girl, a mother, and a father. This is one of the many differences in this reality to ours. The protagonist is Jonas who is about to be assigned a job just like all the other twelve year olds. He has no idea what he is to be and is scared about it. Then he is selected to get special training from the Giver. The story follows Jonas training with the Giver.The only complaint I have about this book is that it could've been a lot shorter. And that's it. Lowry's amazing talent to tell you the necessary details at the necessary time allows the story to have moments where you read these details and are compelled to read on waiting for another one of those details. You will be astonished at the things this society lacks without you noticing. This is all tribute to the consuming way that Lowry tells the story. I recommend this book to anyone who has a pulse and can read."
"I found the book intriquing, perhaps a little rushed towards the end, but intriquing and thoughtful.A young boy called Jonas reaches his twelfth birthday and is assigned the job to be the community's receiver of memory, the one person in the community who feels and remembers. What he discovers about his life and his home will change him forever.This book fully explores the idea that for humanity to be at peace, then certain freedoms must be sacrificed. In the community, diversity is not marked upon for fear of upsetting others, people are assigned their partners and children are produced by breeding mothers and adopted by the 'right' family. Pain is unknown and so is hunger, emotions are not experienced and sex is unheard of. When the aged reach a certain age they are 'released' from the community, as are the punier half of twins and babies that do not develop properly.Lois Lowry has created a world to think about. What if we could all live together happily, politely? Lots of people think we can, but as we are all different could we. Would we have to take those basic of human emotions and suppress them beneath drugs and courtesy? Would we stop hunger by the simple expedient of choosing how many could procreate and who would live once they're done. Would we stop seeing the differences between ourselves by denying them? And is this society unrealistic? I think with the right circumstances, we could be there and that's what makes it frightening.An excellent book by an excellent author."
With all the rave reviews I couldnt wait to read this book.  It started off slow but i hung on knowing there must be a payoff coming. Unfortunately it never came and i was left befuddled at the nonsensical ending.  Dont waste your money.
"The Giver, by Lois Lowry is a book about a futuristic utopia. It is science fiction and is about a community that is closed from other communities. This community thinks they are a utopia and that they live in a perfect world. Their world has sameness...everything is equal. There is no hunger, there is no pain, there is no war. But it is a community with no color. There is nothing.Jonas is the protagonist and is a very good friend of the Giver. The Giver is the man in the community who has the wisdom. Jonas struggles with what his role in the community will be.The author has the readers ask themselves how it would be to live in a community that has no life and no color, and why would people want to live in a community closed off from others.I would recommend this book, but I do have some dislikes about it. The Giver goes quickly because you can get into it. It is interesting because it has lots of action, and lots of different things happen. The book is a 1994 Newbery Medal winner. I liked it because it was descriptive and it contained friendly characters. I could be friends with Jonas. One of the things I didn't like about the book was that I wanted to have one or two chapters more of the ending. I also didn't like that the vocabulary was difficult and could be hard to read.This book is not like any book I have read. This book makes me want to read more science fiction books. I would recommend this book to any boys and girls who like futuristic books."
"In The Giver the reader meets a young boy named Jonas who lives in a utopian community of harmony, peace and contentment. No one is hungry, no one is unemployed, all have shelter and security.The reader follows Jonas as he goes through a very important ceremony. Upon turning twelve, all boys and girls are given their lifetime job assignments. Jonas is bewildered and astonished to learn that he has been selected for the prestigious job of the new Receiver of memories.As Jonas receives the memories of the world from the old Receiver, now called the Giver, several astonishing truths become clear. Jonas's community is peaceful and content, but this peace comes at a steep price. The Giver's memories open Jonas's eyes to a wonderful new world of weather and color and love that the community is totally ignorant of. With the awareness of these joyful things Jonas must also learn of the horrors of starvation, agony and war.When Jonas learns that the baby his family unit has been caring for has been scheduled to be killed, he must decide, based on his new wisdom and knowledge, if he can find a way to save the life of the baby he has grown to love.In this Newbery Award Winning utopia (or is it a distopia?) Lowry excellently reframes the eternal question of safety versus the freedom to choose for oneself.This is one of those books that hits you like a ton of bricks, and then sticks in your head for days. Very thought-provoking and well done. One of my personal favorites."
I remember having to read this in school and I did not like it then and to be honest I do not like it so much now. Not sure why but It is not a favorite. I had high hopes that rereading this one would make me like it as an adult but no
"Jonas lives in a Community. In this odd world, there is no pain, because as soon as someone is hurt, they are given pills that make the pain disappear. There is no fear, because there is nothing to fear. There is also nothing to choose. Everything anyone does is chosen for them. In this Community, there is no love, simply 'family units.' Two people who work together well are married, and can apply for children. Children are then assigned to them if they qualify. Jonas is now twelve years old, and nearing his ""Assignment,"" which is actually his career for the rest of his life. However, Jonas' Assignment is different from the others' Assignments in his class. Through his special Assignment, he begins to discover why his Community is the way it is, and the vast world that is being kept from him and the rest of the citizens of the Community.  I've always been a fan of Lois Lowry's works, and this book is no exception. The Giver portrays a chilling 'what if' story of how it would be in a 'perfect' society. There is no pain in this Community, only the shallowest of feelings, and an oblivious populace. The whole Community is intriguing and a little on the scary side. Jonas embarks on his journey with determination and is a likeable character from the start. He has the willpower to discover the secrets of the Community, and the courage to do something about it. The ending is a little too ambiguous for my liking, but all-in-all this is a fantastic book everyone should read."
"I am not sure how I lived to be 30 without reading this book but I am glad I did.Jonas lives in a society where ""sameness"" is a way of life. There is no individuality, no true love, no war, no famine, no weather, and no memories. No one says words they don't mean and everyone obeys the rules. When he celebrates becoming a Twelve with all of his classmates on their shared birthday he is assigned the highest honor in the community, the Receiver of Memory. He then begins the long painful task of receiving the memories from 'The Giver' from 'back and back and back'. He begins to experience loss, joy, pain, and love for the first time. He must absorb these feelings so the other people in the Community do not have to. He begins to see a way of life that no longer exists but that he thinks everyone should experience. He must then make some very difficult decisions regarding his own life. The ending was a little abrupt for my taste but still well written and allows you to draw your own conclusions (unless you go on to read the others in the series of course).A good read, with a few twists I didn't see coming. It is the very definition of a dystopian novel. It is easy to forget that Jonas is only 12 as his life and memories make him seem much more mature than the adults around him. Well written and a great cautionary tale of what society can become when individuality is eliminated, every movement,thought, and dream is monitored and decisions are made for you. It also makes you appreciate the feelings and memories you wished you could forget. Without pain there is no happiness.My only regret is that I had read this book earlier in life before reading other well known novels with similar premises. I definitely recommend every young adult read this book."
"I love reading dystopian stories. Although they seem like paranormal stories in a sense, they also have this feeling of ""My God, this could actually happen."" That's how I felt reading The Giver. I was surprised with how monotone the Community was, and as I read along and found out the people chose this life, it felt real to me in a sense. If this life was a possibility, I wouldn't be surprised that people would chose it: It's a life with no hurt or pain, no anger or sadness, nor any negative feelings/emotions of any kind. The sacrifice is that people also feel no happiness, love, or any positive emotions. That was the choice. To live in Sameness.Because this was a book club read, my head is chocked full of questions with half-answers, and debates about the book. We had a lot to talk about with this one. It's hard to give any examples without giving spoilers, so I apologize that I can't really explain. I will say that it is definitely a book that will get you thinking, if you allow yourself. If you really think about the world they live in, how they function on a day-to-day basis, and then how Jonas shown the ""way things once had been"" and has to take it all in stride, it will have you feeling some strong things.As for the characters themselves, I thought that Jonas and the Giver were deep, thorough characters, while the rest were all the same. Considering the fact that the Community's number one goal was Sameness, I have to say that the characters were written perfectly. Aside from the two main characters, there were maybe 1 or 2 other characters that I felt anything towards, and that was because of the way Jonas felt about them. Lois Lowry definitely did a good job writing her characters so that you felt what Jonas felt.Whether you have to read this for school in Grade 7 or choose to read it years later, The Giver is a great dystopian that will open your eyes to the way things might be if we finally break and are too afraid to be different."
"I wonder why utopias are so frightening.Jonas has a childhood many people would wish for. He has structure, order, purpose, affection. He is never hungry or frightened. He knows his place in the world, and he is content with it. Then, as he turns 12, he is selected for a special job, one that destroys his world by making him look deeper into it, to understand why it happens the way it does, what the moral cost of his comfort is.I should have read this book years ago. My mom finally gave up and bought it for my Kindle because we were talking about THE TERRORISTS OF IRUSTAN, and bounded societies.The Sameness reminded me of the dys/utopia in Madeline L'Engle's A WRINKLE IN TIME, where all the children bounce balls at the same time, and all the mothers call the children in at the same time. There is obviously this thread of fear and horror in both books about being required to be regimented, or pay a terrible price. I wonder if it's a coincidence that THE GIVER and WRINKLE IN TIME were written by women  at a time when women were fighting to get out of the regimented and nicey-nicey world. To go on one's own, beyond the boundaries of civilization and rules, is fearful and dangerous and you don't know how it's going to end, but sometimes you have to head for the woods, or the giant throbbing brain, whichever is relevant. Interestingly, Lowry's character, Jonas, is male, and I would perhaps have found the story less interesting if he were female, because the choice he made might be considered traditionally feminine. The gender roles were actually pretty interesting through the whole book.I thought the characters were sketched in lightly, but the plot and problem were compelling, and it almost makes sense that personality was not something Jonas thought a lot about. Lowry did a great job of capturing the incuriousity some children have about adult things.Read if: You want to think about what you are used to and the value or lack thereof in compliance and equality.Skip if: You are horrified by utopias, your issues are not about fear of being the same."
"Growing up, I always loved literature. I began reading by the age of almost 4 and I haven't stopped since. In the eighth grade, my middle school homeroom began to read a novel called ""The Giver"", however, just as we began to read the novel, I moved across the country here to small-town Montana. To my surprise when I got to Montana, my english class was reading the novel too, but they were just finishing it. It surprises me that I remember these events to this day in my senior year, but back then, I never really got interested in the book. This was not because the book was not good, because it is a wonderful novel, but because at the time, I could not grasp the social concepts behind it. I have now returned to the novel and read it twice for my semester project. Lois Lowry truly wrote a spectacular novel.The Giver is a story about Jonas and his recieving of the role infamously known as ""The Reciever."" As Reciever, Jonas begins to know of the things that float in existence without the knowledge of the community. Things like pain, hurt, sadness, and loneliness are emotions that the community is simply not aware of. Jonas recieves these feelings through memories of the past, given to him by ""The Giver"", hence the novel's name.The Giver has too many concepts hidden behind it to simply discuss them, and I believe that is what led to its multiple bannings, but things like social oppression, abortion, and individuality, are all alluded to within the novel. Jonas struggles to accept such evils and decides to rebel, but I'll leave the rest to the reader.Simply put, ""The Giver"" is a must-read. I think that is the reason that it was being read in my Florida class, and also being read across the country in Montana. I absolutely recommend you to click the add to cart button above and prepare yourself for an absolutely fantastic read."
"WHAT is this book about?Jonas is an 11-year-old boy who lives in a community that prides itself on order and following the rules. Everyone in the community knows their place, and they are expected to adhere to the rules at all times. If you are a newchild, you are expected to grow and develop under the care of Nurturers (like Jonas's father)--meeting all your milestones and expected behaviors before you are assigned to a family at your first birthday. For soon-to-be Nines (like Jonas's sister Lily), it is an especially exciting year as you'll get your bicycle (the primary means of transportation in the community). For soon-to-be Twelves like Jonas, the Ceremony of Twelve is critical as it gives you an Assignment--your permanent role within the community. Jonas is anxious about the upcoming Ceremony, and expresses his concerns at his family's daily Sharing of Feelings. His parents assure him that the Council of Elders take their job of assessing the Elevens and picking their Assignments seriously. So when the Ceremony arrives and Jonas discovers his Assignment, he is shocked to discover that it is a very prestigious position within the Community--one unlike any other. This new role puts Jonas in a unique position to learn more about his community ... and what he discovers changes his view of the world forever.WHO do we meet?  Jonas is a young boy with special abilities that put him in a unique position to learn about his community. This knowledge throws Jonas into a quandary as he must keep what he learns to himself, but what he learns causes him to question everything he's ever known about his family, friends, school, and community.  The Giver is Jonas's teacher and the one who opens his eyes to the realities of their community.WHEN and WHERE does the book take place?The book takes place in an unspecified time and place. However, I'm assuming it is set in the future, when life as we know it has been ""modified"" in order to maintain order and peace.WHY should you read this book?This is a masterful addition to the canon of YA dystopia, and I think it does what a good dystopian book should--send chills up your spine while presenting you with an alternative world that seems like it could actually come to pass. Like Jonas, the reader slowly begins to grasp the realities of this world and exactly what has been done in the name of order and control. I loved how Lowry created this seemingly utopian world (no sickness! respect for elders! lovely weather all the time!) and then slowly turns it over to reveal its rather sinister underbelly. I read the book in one sitting, and I immediately wished I had a young adult (13 or older) to discuss it with. This is what YA dystopia books SHOULD be like. And I'm not the only one to think so. The book won the 1994 Newbery Medal (which is awarded annually by the Association for Library Service to Children, a division of the American Library Association, to the author of the most distinguished contribution to American literature for children).By the way, this is the first book in a trilogy (the other books are Gathering Blue and The Messenger), and I plan on reading them as well."
"I enjoyed this book very much and finished it quickly. It is a tale that will set you thinking, and it is just a good story. However I must admit to some disappointment. My expectations were very high for this work. It is Newbery medal winner, a book that we know from the author's comments, was very well received - beyond anything she had experienced before, and thus I was expecting something exceptional. What I read was a story that had some flaws, and set me thinking, but was no more profound than Nicholas Fisk, Robert Westall (albeit himself a Carnegie medal winner) or other such authors. This was a very good book - just not exceptional.Before I get picky, I would point out I would still like to recommend this book to older young adult readers.But what did I not like? Well the world itself seems to lack explanation. We can understand perhaps why the world would seek to homogonise itself to reduce difference and relieve the suffering of difference and choice. But if we run with that premise, it is not clear why we would choose not to see colour. It is not really clear why we would choose to create the life we are shown. There is no hint, even, of some major event that caused people to react by turning themselves into automata. Personally I much preferred Orson Scott Card's ""homecoming"" series and also his ""Worthing Saga"", both of which explore this idea much more completely, and for my money, would be better and more thought provoking stories than this one.But this is a childrens or young adult book, and space is limited, so we can excuse much of this perhaps. We also must excuse the lack of explanation of what is happening with memories. Why are memories never lost? what is the mechanism for the passing of memory? We don't know but just take it on trust that this is now how the world works.Some people will not mind these gaps one bit, and for them this will be a five star book. For me though, I felt there were better renditions of the same story, although I still certainly enjoyed this one."
"I picked this book up to read because I had heard it is a wonderful dystopian novel.  It definitely was a great, if disturbing, read.  I am very pleased that I finally got around to reading it.Jonas was born into a world were couples are perfectly matched and each are given one boy and one girl.  The children are given medication starting at twelve years old that stifles any emotional urges and then are placed in work positions most appropriate to their disposition.  Jonas is different though, no one can guess what work he will be placed in.  Then he finds out that he will be the society's new Receiver of Memory; the one person in society who doesn't have to follow any of the rules and is responsible for the memories of humanity.  The old man who give Jonas these memories is forced to revel dangerous truths about their society to Jonas, they are truths that are truly stunning.This was a wonderful book.  It was easy to read and very well set up, the whole time you suspect that things aren't quite right but when the truth is revealed it is stunning.  Much of the book reminded me of Huxley'sBrave New World.  Jonas is an excellent character and watching him transition from one of the ignorant masses to an enlightened individual is both painful and fascinating.This is a short book, but it packs a lot of story and that story has a truly powerful punch to it.  I found my self stunned and almost in tears at parts; so while this was not necessarily an easy read, it was definitely a thought-evoking and memorable one.  I zipped through it quickly and found it very hard to put down.  It is hard to talk about more of the plot without giving things away; but if you find dystopians fascinating and are intrigued by humans adopting sameness for safety you will find this book wonderful.My least favorite part of the book was the very end, which is incredibly ambiguous.  As a reader you know what probably happens, but you are hoping something else actually happened.Overall this was just an absolutely fascinating read.  It is creative and engaging and impossible to put down.  It does pull some things from Huxley's aBrave New World.  If you like this book or are looking for other excellent young adult dystopian reads I recommend the following:Divergent (Divergent Trilogy)by Veronica Roth,Matchedby Ally Condie,The Hunger Gamesby Suzanne Collins, andWither (The Chemical Garden Trilogy)by Lauren DeStefano."
"""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry is actually, unbeknownst to me prior to my reading it, a dystopian novel about the coming of age and the coming to wisdom and understanding of a young boy in a futuristic society. A book I missed reading in school, but which my children were exposed to in my own childrens' time, this is somewhat dated in spots, I felt, but held the same sort of message that we hear and see in our own world and society today through a plethora of young adult literature.  That alone makes it worthy of reading!It's a small book, but every page is profound. Lois Lowry knows how to write exactly like my Rhetoric professor wanted us to write...with precision and acuracy. Her every word has a purpose and meaning. And, in that instance, we discover that we need to pay attention, acutely, to what she's telling us.This is a serious book with a warning for young and old, alike.I found it most poignant that Ms Lowry wrote ""The Giver"" for young people at their pivitol age.  It's a book that is meant to make them consider the society they are apart of without a doubt, but it's also meant to make them question the world and the ways of life they've taken for granted. It hopes, it seems, to help them shed the scales from their eyes and take the plugs from their ears...to have the courage to rise up again the norm.  For that alone, I found it worthy of the Newberry Prize.It seems to me that as adults we fear young people. We want to corral them, to keep them in check, to make sure they don't skate board near the Library. There's alot about them that reeks of uncontrollable power and unhinged disaster. There's impulse on edge, and the half-here-and-half-there sense of what's going to really damage their lives and the lives around them, and what's not.  Because of this, teens and pre-teens have this magical quality to them...this freshness of vision coupled with this wildness of vision like the boys in ""Lord of the Flies,"" like those vampires and psychics and witches they ""wanna be"" in the YA novels.In ""The Giver"" we see such power in the young protagonist. He is pent up and on the verge of destruction in several instances. We see him risk breaking serious rules only to see him pull back and turn to the side of wisdom to protect those he loves.  This is the quality that Lois Lowry is telling the young to emulate, this is the hidden treasure that the Giver has to offer~this potential to create a new system lovingly, or simply to destroy mindlessly.Ms Lowry acknowledges the terrible strength and power of the young adult to be victorious or to vanquish and offers an instruction of vision, values and valor.  In a society where everything is ordered, equal, peaceful and happy...life is not valued, and people deemed less than fit for society are done away with like old newspaper.""The Giver"" is a book worthy of literary and humanitarian awards, and it's a book worthy of being the classic it's become.I strongly recommend ""The Giver"" to everyone, young and old, who hasn't already read it...and even to those who have.  It's a good time to reread this book. It's an especially good time to read it...Deborah/TheBookishDame"
"The Giver is a highly acclaimed piece of adolescent literature by the author Lois Lowry depicting the life of Jonas, a 12 year old boy living in an enclosed society. The setting appears to be a perfectly controlled environment in which all aspects of life are chosen and managed for the characters. Although the community seems to be a utopia in its appearance of perfection and sameness, Jonas quickly realizes the sacrifices which have been made to obtain such an illusion.Even though the main character of this book is 12 years old and the book is only 208 pages long, the subject content makes this book appropriate for a wide range of grades and adolescent students. I personally believe that both middle and high school students (as well as adults) would find this book intriguing and thought-provoking, enabling stimulating discussions. The book provides students with numerous critical thinking opportunities, including topics on pain, memories, emotions, knowledge, freedom v. security & peace, euthanasia, diversity, and the price of perfection. Social Studies teachers could use this text to talk with students about systems of governments, such as socialism and capitalism, along with potential pitfalls when people relinquish power to the government for concessions. English teachers could make text to text connections with other books featuring dystopias such as The Hunger Games Trilogy by Suzanne Collins, Lord of the Flies by William Golding, Brave New World by Aldous Huxley, Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury, and Animal Farm and 1984 by George Orwell.Teachers should be aware that potentially controversial topics for younger adolescents, including euthanasia and sexual development, (sexual dreams being referred to as ""stirrings"") are portrayed in the The Giver. Overall though, The Giver has no foul language or references to drinking, drugs, or alcohol and only limited reference to sexual matters. It is an excellent and engaging book for adolescent students who are ready for riveting discussions and powerful lessons."
"I had seen this book on many lists these past few years and when I realized it was a dystopian-type novel I just had to add it to my YA-D2 Challenge. I cannot believe I have never read this before. It was a quick read as I was completely pulled into Jonas' world and kept flipping pages to see how this little society truly worked and what would happen.At first I was trying to pick out what I thought was happening in this utopian society, to figure out if it was truly people choosing to live without certain emotions and differences or if it were more like The Truamn Show. I just couldn't see living a life where everything was picked out for you from your family, your job, your food, how and when to express yourself. How can it be that everyone is content being exactly the same and not being an individual? Yes there are no wars, no issues about race or religion, but what about feeling things such as love and knowing true freedom? I absolutely loved how this book made you question everything.As we progress in the book and Jonas' is chosen to be the new Receiver for his chosen career path, we learn that only one person holds the memories and emotions of the collective population. Both the pleasure and pain of this job are depicted as The Giver transmits the memories to Jonas, which in turn makes Jonas question everything he is learning and everything he knows is true about his current community as a whole. I loved the passion that Jonas shows for the things he learns, his true compassion towards The Giver and his courage for being brave enough to be different from his peers.I would have to say the scene that hit me hardest was when Jonas asked his mother ""Do you love me?"", because he had just learned what love was that same day. And her reply, though correct for how their society has been raised, just crushes poor Jonas' little soul and shocked me. Her reply, ""...you used a very generalized word, so meaningless that it's become almost bosolete."" And his thoughts about her reply were exactly what I thought after reading her comment: Meaningless? He had never before felt anything as meaningful as the memory [of love].Without giving away the story, I feel like Jonas is starting to make a change in his community, but we are left hanging at the end with no clear resolution. I suppose that we are left to draw our own conclusions about what truly happens. I did actually see that there are three books to this series that I didn't realize was actually a series in the first place. I will be on the lookout now for Gathering Blue and Messenger.I also read somewhere that it falls along the same lines of Orwell's 1984 and Huxley's Brave New World, both of which I have not read. I must read these as well as they are based on utopian societies that feel they are offering the perfect communities for their people, yet are keeping them from enjoying the freedoms and passion in life as an individual."
"There were hundreds of reviews before mine, so I won't waste trying to describe the book and I'll get to the point. I had to read The Giver as a novel study in my class and it was my first venture into science fiction. I loved it so much I even bought my own paperback copy of it. It's a novel that is at first dark, but in the ambiguous end plants a seed of hope in Jonas' brainwashed society. It is a truly amazing story that made me question the way our world is today. Is the increasingly important role of technology slowly taking over the humans that created it? What are winning and what are we losing when taking away the ability to see color? These questions will leave you wondering for years after you read The Giver.Something that is very much argued about is the ambiguity of the ending. Sometimes, I do admit it was frustrating to be left with so many questions unanswered, but think about it this way; would you like a magician as much if he told the audience exactly how he did every trick? A true entertainer always leaves something to the mind of the audience. All in all, this book is either love-it-or hate-it. It all boils down to your own personal beliefs, morals, and upbringing. I think this is why the author didn't want to put in her own personal beliefs into the ending, and decided to leave it up to the reader's imagination. This book will never rust and will stand the test of time. Read it twenty-five years later and it will still be as relevant as it is today."
this book has got to be in my top 10 favorites. it is so realistic and moving...i have read it over and over and it never fails to please me. i think this book is a must read for all kids. a definate book for people who love to read.
"I had this book on my list of ""to read"" forever. I finally picked it up last night and read it in one sitting. I rarely do that. I have read quite literally hundreds of dystopian fiction type novels. This book struck me a little deeper than usual. The characters are decently developed but not as much as I wanted them to be, this is probably because the book is short by most standards and I wanted more! The themes were things I come across a lot in dystopian fiction but for some reason they resonated more. I found myself thinking deeply about topics and ideas brought up in the book all day today. It was disturbing in a thousand ways, all necessary which were and are necessary. This book can be read at age 11-125 and each person will get something different from it. I know that having a son about the age of one of the characters made certain topics gut wrenching. This should be required reading every five years for every person...but that would sort of contradict the ideas brought up in the novel :) Despite that, maybe politicians should read it every week.The main character of a book usually makes me mad with their dumb decisions about 3/4 of the way through every book I read. This book did NOT lag at all, there were no unnecessary scenes or set ups. I agreed completely with the main character all the way through. We need more people of his character running around. I loved it, exactly the type of book that needs to be read across the globe."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is a concrete member of nearly all adolescent, young adult best novel lists.  Lois Lowry's The Giver was published in the early 1990s. Shortly after, the novel found itself in the classrooms of English teachers.  This relatively modern novel has been widely praised by students who have been assigned to focus their attention for the span of the assignment.  It is my belief this should be the case and it should also be widely used by Social Studies teachers.  As someone with a B.A. in History and an Integrated Social Studies license, this is a very effective way to teach students the characteristics of utopian societies.  It can also be used as a method to study factory or company towns, such as the Pullman Town of late 19th century Illinois, which is a subject of study in United States History classes.  If students have read The Giver before studying Pullman case and the strike that occurred as a result of the town's traits and how it applies to business of the era, lessons would almost certainly be more effective.  Students of the class may find the objectives easier to understand.  There are many novels where English and Social Studies teachers of all age levels (though it may be most effective at the middle and high school level) should combine forces to teach content.  The Giver is a prime example of a great, compelling novel that should be used in English and Social Studies classrooms.  Students may also enjoy that it is a quick and easy read."
"My middle school teacher recently used ""The Giver"" for a reading class assignment.  Several years ago I read ""Gathering Blue"" for my own enjoyment. Both of these books are by the author Lois Lowry.  Overall, I think these books are great. In ""The Giver"", Lois Lowry creates a world where society is peaceful but very boring.  The people in the Community know nothing about true pain, or love, or death because they are sheltered from it.  At birth, they are born into a world which is shielded from anything in life that can harm them physically or mentaly. Lois Lowry uses interesting dialogue and unexpected plot twists to keep the reader interested in this world and its people.  The main characters are mostly children around 7 to 12 years old.  Some adults interact with htese characters.  Some are teachers and others are parents.  In fact, The Giver himself is an old man. I wouldn't say that this is a happy book.  In fact, there are some disturbing ideas in it.  There is a part of the book that refers to children being deliberately killed.  The parents of younger readers may not want their children exposed to this kind of subject matter. However, I and other kids in my class found Lois Lowry's ""The Giver"" to be a very interesting read.  I loved it, and went on to read her book ""The Messenger"" which uses characters from ""The Giver"" and ""Gathering Blue"".  If you like science fiction/fantasy literature, then you might like these books."
"The Giver was a great book. I enjoyed it very much, even though I thought it was a little weird. I couldn't quite grasp the concept, but about 9 pages into the book I completely got the book. I gave it 5 stars because of the imagery, the concept of the city, and the total realization of this place that it was almost real like I could just touch it. As reading the book I was kind of thrown off the subject I could not understand what was happening. Jonas to me seemed different from all the other people in the book. Like he had some kind of special power over the others.  When I reached the part about the ""Giver"" or boss I completely understood what Jonas was to do. I could never imagine live in a place where you couldn't be free to think and do. Where you where told what you where to for the rest of your life. The concept of this book was so surreal that you can picture it happening and you can create the scene inside to your head. Jonas didn't like the way things were being run. When he finally understood what was happening, like for example when he finally saw what being ""released"" meant when his father killed the other twin or how you had to apply for a child. When he came to harsh reality that the game he often par took in was actually a sing of war and the other kids didn't know what was happening, but Jonas knew what pain was and told them to stop. Over all the book was very well written and I wish they would make a squel."
"The novel shows the dramatic events that take place when a young boy is forced to accept what he does not beleive in. The boy then with the help of his mentor escapes the world in which he had lived for all his life to a life he has never experienced before. The novel grasps the imagination of the reader through the detailed imagery of the ""ideal"" society portrayed in the novel. The relationship between the characters especially the boy, Jonas and the Giver also make the story captivating and interesting.The author Lowry does an amazing job in describing the community in which Jonas lives. It is important for the reader to Understand the type of society in which Jonas lives because it is completely different from the normal society of today. The description of the society helps to explain Jonas' disagreement with the society and hence his decision to escape.The author does a good job in showing the relationships between the characters. The author shows a weaker relationship between Jonas and his family members because of the way the society is maintained while there is a strong bond between Jonas and his mentor. The relationships between the characters help the reader to understand how the society works even better. The relationship between the characters thickens the plot of the story especially when the giver reveals the secrets of the society to Jonas and the way Jonas reacts towards the new found truth."
"The Giver, written by Louis Lowry, is a dystopic novel set in a community with no memories or emotions. When you read the book, you uncover more and more about this community. Lois Lowry tries to get the reader to question if a ""utopic"" community is really a utopia, or if it is just a repressive society.This book can get mixed reviews. I read this book for my English class, and some of the kids liked it, and some of them didn't like. The kids who liked it enjoyed it because it was an interesting book, and every chapter there was something happening. It made you think about how life could be different. The kids who didn't like it thought it was boring and that it was pointless- that nothing really happened in the book. They also didn't like the questions that were being asked or that the book had some disturbing, dark and sad moments.Overall, this book has some good descriptive and emotional language. The author structures the book well. The book is a little slow in the beginning, but it takes off halfway through. I recommend this book for people who like emotional scenes, and who like books that make you question and think about what things that you normally wouldn't think about. I would not recommend this book to people who don't like sad, emotional, and depressing scenes. It can be upsetting and disturbing. This book is interesting in that people will either really like it, or really dislike it."
"""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry is about a boy named Jonas who lives in a community where everything is perfect. The people in the community live in a black and white world and never have to feel real physical pain. They must also follow a strict set of rules which guide their way of living. At the age of 12, Jonas and the other children in the community are assigned to do certain duties. Jonas is singled out to do a special job as the new receiver. During Jonas's training he will have to endure physical pain and learn of memories from the Giver(the old receiver). One year since Jonas's training; he can see colors instead of black and white and knows of both memories of love and war. Jonas also learns the fat of the other receiver in training 10 years ago. He also learns of the lies and deceptions his community has hidden from the public. Now, Jonas is trying to save the life of a newbourn that will be released from the community but still protect him and the memories he owns.  Over all, I liked ""The Giver"" but some parts of the story did leave me asking questions. Lois Lowry never really explains what happens to Jonas at the end of the book. However Jonas is briefly mentioned in ""Gathering Blue"" also by Lois Lowry. I think ""The Giver"" by is a good book for almost all ages to read and sicuss. It would probably take at least less than a week if not more to finish it. I conisider it a good read!!!=^__^="
"If the ultimate goal of book club is to develop deep comprehension and critical thinking skills, then this book is the perfect tool.  There is so much for students to pour over in search for meaning.  It is unsettling at several different levels, and I would expect a fairly mature book club to find their way into conversation without much prodding from the teacher.I would not start book club rookies out on this for their first book.  I think the group would need to be fairly comfortable with each other and have a high level of trust and acceptance - students (and even teachers!) would need to feel confident to try out ideas without judgement and be able to sort out their thoughts in an open, caring atmosphere.In my experience, many book club books often have very superficial themes that students grasp and extract connections from.  I don't think such books propel them to higher levels of thought and understanding.  I often hear something like, ""This book is about a brother and sister fighting, and I sometimes fight with my sister too.""  There just isn't anything for them to take their ideas a step futher.  When the book clearly presents thought-provoking themes that students grab onto and want to discuss, it is a wonderful thing.  Book clubs are for books that MUST be discussed and CANNOT be read and understood (quite as fully) by yourself.  This is exactly the type of book that is made for book club."
"I read Lois Lowry's The Giver because my son, a fifth grader, will be reading it in his Language Arts class.  I was not expecting much, but I was completely surprised--It was captivating.  Ms. Lowry has written a book that tackles the issues of diversity, responsibility, and honesty for all readers--young and old.The book's setting is a socially engineered village where outward uniformity, discipline, and manners are the overriding virtues.  Different colors are not visible or understood to the villagers because they underscore diversity.  Although there is a stated concern for precise and polite speech, euphemisms are used abundantly by the villagers and their leaders to hide the less attractive truths of the their society.  Children do not celebrate individual birthdays, but each year a proscribed set of responsibilities and privileges are granted to the children of an age group in the Ceremony.  In the twelfth year, children begin their training for adult jobs selected for them by the Elders.  The village's surface is calm, but Jonas, the protagonist, has to decide if he should shatter the community's society by using what he has been given in his training for adulthood.I am anticipating interesting discussions at our family dinner table when my son begins to read this book for class."
"Wow! at first i though ""I always hate books with the Newbarry Medal award. i don't want to read this."" but i had to for class anyway. so i started. at first i was sure my theory was right, but i began to feal dissapointed. for the first time i actually was enjoying a newbarry book! ahh! well, i couldn't stop myself and i finished the book the first dayt i got it. until the last 10 or so pages, it was wonderful! it was amzing! the stroy was wonderful! there sad moments and im not really the ""dramatic book-kind"" (i prefer action and magic) but it was great. then it went downhill (in the stroy, uphill [u hav to read it to understand]). the end was extrodinarily dissapointing, though i did want the Dystopia to end. my initiol (i cant spell) feeling was that it was a horribly unfare Dystopia, almost communisty but without a gov., instead a council. but then, i began to enjoy the Dystopian idea for a book, where everyone is mostly happy with what they do. but at the ned, it wasn't fair. i dont like giving away a book to readers so i wont express y it wasnt fair.  look out for Spartan similarities, biblical elussios, and simblism. (hint: the story derives from the story of Jona and the whale, shes a jewish writer). (hint #2: before you read, analyze the cover. look for simblism.)a must read!"
"Wow! at first i though ""I always hate books with the Newbarry Medal award. i don't want to read this."" but i had to for class anyway. so i started. at first i was sure my theory was right, but i began to feal dissapointed. for the first time i actually was enjoying a newbarry book! ahh! well, i couldn't stop myself and i finished the book the first dayt i got it. until the last 10 or so pages, it was wonderful! it was amzing! the stroy was wonderful! there sad moments and im not really the ""dramatic book-kind"" (i prefer action and magic) but it was great. then it went downhill (in the stroy, uphill [u hav to read it to understand]). the end was extrodinarily dissapointing, though i did want the Dystopia to end. my initiol (i cant spell) feeling was that it was a horribly unfare Dystopia, almost communisty but without a gov., instead a council. but then, i began to enjoy the Dystopian idea for a book, where everyone is mostly happy with what they do. but at the ned, it wasn't fair. i dont like giving away a book to readers so i wont express y it wasnt fair.  look out for Spartan similarities, biblical elussios, and simblism. (hint: the story derives from the story of Jona and the whale, shes a jewish writer). (hint #2: before you read, analyze the cover. look for simblism.)a must read!"
"I did not see the movie but the book falls short of the hype. The premise is interesting, however the author seems to eventually get bored with it and the story ends abruptly as if he or she lost interest."
"I think it must be more difficult to write Children's fiction than Adult Fiction, and more difficult still to write a Children's story that adults like and can relate to.  Lois Lowry has this gift.  The story is very compelling and thought provoking.It is ultimately about the lack of freedom of choice and its consequences.  Everything in The Community is controlled and you have absolute rules to live by in order to keep the community peaceful and happy.  Only one person in the community knows the truth and sacrifices made to be able to live without strife....he is The Receiver of Memories.  He holds the memories of what was the past.  He holds pain, sorrow, loss, love, joy, torture, war, climate: He holds it all so the community doesn't have to.  Jonas is chosen to be the new Receiver of Memories when he becomes a 12.  The old R of M becomes The Giver as Jonas becomes the new R of M.  Through The Giver, Jonas begins to understand what is behind the facade of his community, thereby forever separating himself from it because he can never go back to the way it was, not with his knowing.  Then he is faced with a life or death choice.  What he chooses is brave and mature.I absolutely will read more of Lois Lowry.  She does not disappoint.  I recommend Gossamer, a very heartfelt and engaging story."
"This is one of the BEST children's books I have ever read for exposing the sick reality of what a socialistic society would be (the ""ideal"", could it actually be reached). I recommend it HIGHLY."
"I am doing my report on The Giver by Lois Lowry. The Giver is a fantasy/science fiction book.  The Giver is about a boy name Jonas' journey to find a world without sameness. The community that Jonas lives in is a perfectly balanced community in which each family has a mother, father, male child, and female child. For children that have differences, like not sleeping through the night, and members of the community who have done wrong three times there is a penalty called release. In Jonas' family unit they are caring for a  boy who is different and they are trying to help him. Once the children of the community become twelve, they are assigned a job. When it is Jonas' turn he is given the job of Receiver of Memory. The person with this job holds the memories of the world before it was the same. The old Receiver gives the memories to Jonas and later Jonas finds out what a release actually is and after the child the family cares for is sentenced to be released do to not sleeping through the night, Jonas takes his memories and the boy to try to find this ""real world"".  The Giver is a very good book that shows what the world would be like if it was the same. This book is best suited for people ages thirteen and up for the reader to understand the message of the book."
"So you want to live in a perfect world without poverty, crime, disagreement and worry?  What does it take to create such a utopia?  The Giver by Lois Lowry is a chilling example of how one such world is structured.  Such a perfect society may not be what it is thought out to be.  Freedom, individualism, and emotions are sacrificed in order to create this utopian world.Lowry leads her readers on a journey through the highly structured life of twelve-year-old Jonas.  Given a special role in his community, Jonas slowly begins to learn how his world differs from what it used to be.  He sees events and experiences feelings he has never encountered before.  Jonas is left wondering if the freedom to experience these emotions, good or bad, is really worth it.  Is freedom to experience pain, love, happiness and sorrow better than structure in a sterile environment?I highly recommend The Giver as it will influence the reader to ponder the structure of society as well as the freedoms our society allows.  This book may be considered a book for younger readers, but it would greatly benefit any adult reader as well.  Lowry creates a piece of literature that evokes thoughts and emotions comparable to Ray Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451.  The Giver is a book that should not be overlooked."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is awesome, I give it five stars. It's filled with action, suspense and drama.A boy named Jonas lives in a town with very strict laws and very weird ways. People have no memories, see no colors, and everything they have is the same. People here live in dwelings with one of each a mother, a father, an adopted son and daughter. The adopted son and daughter come from birthmothers who are the only ones who give birth.Jonas lives with his mother, father, and sister Lily. Jonas is worried becuse he is soon going to get his assignment. An assignment is a person's job for the future. When Jonas gets his assignment he becomes Reciever of Memory. The Reciever is the most important job there is, Jonas will soon hold all the memories of the past and will hold colors to see with. Jonas will hold good memories but also bad ones. Jonas soon starts training from the old Reciever that Jonas calls the Giver.Jonas continues training for about a year, when he finds out what happens during a release. A release is when an elder, a new child, criminal, or anyone goes on to another place. What Jonas finds out is horrible. So Jonas and the Giver devise a plan to get away from the release process and getaway from sameness, but does the plan work? Read The Giver to find out!"
"(Rant)I recall the first time I read this book. The year was 2001 and it was my sixth grade reading assignment. I remember reading the books description and just knowing I would hate it. The reason I can remember this book so clearly is because this was the year I learned about life. Through the events of September 11th and this book .This was the year I learned the world wasn't perfect, that bad things do happen. (Rant finished)""The giver"" offers the reader a lot to consider, and digest. What seems like a perfect community slowly morphs into a nightmare. It is a unique and fascinating read that leaves you questioning all aspects of society today, and life. I think the book has an underlying message about history and how not to forget the past, and to learn from mistakes. I don't know if they still read this in schools, but I would highly recommend it. It would be a great novel to have discussions about.I'm now 22, a senior in college, and I still read this book every couple of years. It never gets old, if anything I understand something new everytime.Over the years I have read hundreds of books, yet I still think this was the book that changed my mid about reading.Characters: 5/5Writing/error: 5/5Plot: 5/5Ending: 5/5"
"This book is great for adults and youth. It really takes just a night to read...at least...I couldn't put it down, but a lifetime to ponder. Whenever people talk about what ""paradise"" or the afterlife looks like they speak of perfection, but what does that really look like? This book gives an eerie picture that sticks.Lowry walks his audience through the life one boy, who is chosen to learn the secrets of a life his ancestors, chose to leave behind. At first, the world sounded like a place I wish I could live in--children were always provided for, everyone gets along and does their duty or...(this is where Lowry does the psychological shift)...is disposed of. Then the reader is left to ponder how a world so beautiful could be tainted by ritual murders of infants, teens, and adults alike. Then the expos begins to occur. There is also no love-making, love, or joy because those come with pain and sorrow which the society was created to destroy.In the end, the reader is left wondering whether one should try to escape such a perfect world or try to fit in to avoid the tragic ending...or was it tragic? It is left up to the reader to decide. Which is more tragic--life where sin exists but also joy or life without either?Which would you choose?"
A confusing book. It was okay besides that. She might not have made the community as spoiled as it was. Every time they gopt hurt or something they were healed instantly by a pill. It was pretty bad.
The Giver started out pretty good but as I read it it really started to stink.  Children of 12 and under should not read it because of lack of understanding.  As the end comes it realy gets annoying.
"When I first began to read ""The Giver,"" I thought it was going to be a good book, but I had no clue what a great book Lois Lowry had in store!  This book has sad parts, surprising parts, and happy parts.  I loved the main character, he had so much determination, courage, and he is so kind.  This is truly a great book!  A boy named Jonas lives in a `perfect' community.  Everyone has their own family unit.  And they're all assigned their own jobs.  When Jonas is about to turn 12 he is chosen to be the new Receiver.  He now is in training to receive all the memories from the past.  He is being trained by the Giver.  The Giver is the only one in the community who holds all the memories of the past, now he must give them to Jonas.  All of the new things he's learing from the past, he never knew about, does Jonas really want to be the new Receiver?  A lot of my friends have read the Giver and told me it was a great book.  And they all told they truth!  When I first looked at the cover it got my attention, then when I began to read, I became hooked.  Lois Lowry is one of my favorite authors, all of the books I've read that she has written have all had me at the edge of my seat.  This is most deffinatly one of my favorite books!  A wonderful book by Lois Lowry."
"First of all, WOW, WHAT A BOOK!  Of all the newbery books I've read so far this one has been the best, and pushed me to read faster than any book I've ever read.The Giver introduces the reader to some interesting subject matter such as communistic living, where everyone has a place and everyone works for the greater good.  While there is benefit to this style of life, you eliminate indiviuality, and the freedom of choice.  Uniqueness is thrown out the window in favor of predictability and stability.What makes the book interesting is how the different characters handle the mode of life, especially Jonas, who is suddenly given a taste of the truth, and finds the world he is living in unbearable.The book reminded me of the movie ""The Time Machine"" (the one with Rod Taylor), In the movie when George gets to the distant future the people there live similarly to the way they do in the book, communaly with no thought to emotion, knowledge, or creativity.  There is one scene in the movie that is eerily like a scene in the book where someone falls into the river and drowns.  I can't help but wonder if Lois Lowry watched the Time Machine before she wrote the book.The book is great and Lois Lowry is a brilliant writer, I can't wait to read more of her work."
"Here there is no ugliness.  There is no violence.  There is no hatred.  But can the people of this utopian society then understand beauty, peace, and love?When Jonas comes of age, he is appointed to recieve the burden of all the memories of the Community.  He alone is to understand for all of them , so they may live life freely, in ignorance.  He alone is to be truly human, to suffer, but he is also to love.  As he lives the world through its memories, he sets himself apart from the rest in the Community.  It is as though he has vision while they are blind.  He sees their efficient acts of cruelty, their legal murder, their naive helplessness.  They are under perfect control, they are sheltered, they are channeled and programmed.  They think that they are happy without knowing happiness in its true form.  Children play war without understanding death or anger or cruelty.  Women and men apply for a spouse and are matched via the government, assigned to a house and allowed one male and one female child for their family unit, but they do not have the intellectual capacity to love.  Suddenly he is compelled to open their eyes to the sunlight, their ears to music...One musical piece that truly fits this book is Chopin's Mazurka in A minor, Op.67, No.4."
"MINY INTERMEDIATE BOOK CLUBThe Giver by Lois Lowry is an eerie yet interesting story and very original.  Lowry digs into the deeper meaning in the society we live in today.  The story is about a boy named Jonas who is selected to be the next Receiver of Memory by the Giver.  This is the most honored job in the community.  Only the Receiver of Memory remembers pain and grief, but he is also the only one to remember love and pleasure, music and color.  After finding out the truth about his society, he and the Giver devise a plan to give the memories to the community, but the plan must change.  Lois Lowry leaves the reader with a cliffhanger ending.The ideas presented in the book made us think about how our future could be:  What if this happens to us?  What if things get so bad we decide to take pills to avoid strong feelings, be locked up, tell lies, never know love, have no privacy, prevent diversity? Are some of these things beginning to happen today?  The book shows the controlling power of people who take over everything and use it for no good just to be safe.A few of us had read The Giver when we were younger, but this time we enjoyed it even more.  We are glad we decided to read it."
"The special young boy named Jonas lives in a utopian society. Nothing is wrong there, no color, no pain, no joy or happiness, and no sorrow. Nobody does anything wrong, and if they do they are released. I liked the book because it keeps you reading on.  It's an attention grabber.  I also liked this book because of the rule with the children, the one where, if they say  a word wrong or they come in tardy to class they have to apologize. I think  that should be put into schools today.  I also like how the families share  their thoughts and feelings at dinner.  They also share their dreams, like  the one where Jonas was in the bathing room at the House of the Old, along  with Fiona.  They were standing by the tub, and Jonas was trying to  convince Fiona to get into the tub of water.  Saying to his mom, ""I  wanted her to take off her cloths and get into the tub, I wanted to bath  her.  I had the sponge in my hand.  But she wouldn't.  She kept laughing  and saying no.""  I haven't read too many books but I'm glad I read  this one.  The Giver is one of those books you just can't put down.  I have  read The Giver twice and I learned something new about it both times, and  if I have a chance and the time to read it again, I would."
"The Village constitutes a totally controlled society where people's lives have been stripped of every possible kind of experience -- the lack of sexual feeling, strong emotions, color, and music, are stressed, yet remain placid because they are provided the basic physical amenities.  Control is exercised over children with punishment sticks whenever they break any rule.  Repeated transgressions can lead to being ""released"", which children are led to believe means being sent away from the village.  Anyone who has read this book will understand the goals of a totalitarian society to control every aspect of their people's ""lives"".  I feel that even people robbed of memory and culture would still feel more need for self-expression and individuality than permitted, and not be so docile.  I half-expected to learn that they were simply being raised as fodder for some alien race, so empty were their lives.  I found nothing to praise about their lives, and hoped for a more general revolution.While the book is unexpectedly creepy, it has value as an extreme working out of the absurdity of the desire for a society where all people are the same.  I believe it would be very disturbing, especially the ambiguous ending, for children."
"I give ""The Giver"", by Lois Lowry, a four-star rating. I think that if the author would have explained things, such as ""release"", sonner, the book would have been easier to understand. However, the storyline was wonderful. Jonas lives in a community where nothing ever goes wrong. There is no crime, no poverty, no hunger, nothing. The people of the community are put in groups by age. For example, the nine year olds are the ""Nines"", the ten year olds are the ""Tens"", etc. When a peron becomes a ""Twelve"", they are given their ""assignment"", or job. I enjoyed the suspense Lois Lowry gave to the story while the ""Twelves"" were being called one-by-one to recieve there assignments. Jonas is made the ""Reciever of Memory"", a very honorable position in the community. However, he is soon questioning his ability to uphold his responsibility. It comes with pain and terror. But at the same time, it comes with pleasure and joy. The Giver and Jonas decide on a plan to end the pain and terror in the memories...I am a seventh grader and I would suggest this book to any interested readers. I would also suggest ""The Bridge to Terabithia"", by Katherine Paterson, ""The Magician's Nephew"", by C.S. Lewis, and ""Number the Stars"", by Lois Lowry."
"indexThe book up for review is The Giver by Lois Lowry.This is a short book. Our main character, Jonas, lives in a world of sameness. Everyone lives by a set of rules which limits their freedoms, they just dont know it. Every family has two children which they have to apply for as well as having to apply for a spouse. The sameness continues with what people wear, eat and even the bikes they ride.At the age of 12 each child is selected for a particular job in the community. They will continue to go to school but will be in training for their job. For Jonas he will be the new Receiver and will be trained by the Giver. It is here that the young lad learned about books, history and even more fascinating the colors of the rainbow.I thoroughly loved this book. It kept you going as the pages flew. It made me think of a few books and movies that have been based on this concept of sameness. I however wish the book had been longer that is how much I enjoyed reading it. However the ending left me unsatisfied. Knowing there is a second book after is helpful, for if this was a stand alone book the ending would not work for me at all."
"I'm not even sure how to rate this book honestly. I loved it....until it ended and I was left feeling like there had to have been something I missed...or pages I didn't receive during my Kindle download. If you've read the book and you're thinking I'm just someone that doesn't like to interpret things or think behind the obvious meaning then you're wrong. I love anything that gets me thinking! I just felt like I was left hanging with this book.The book was written beautifully and it definitely surprises you from time to time. It's a great concept, no doubt. I just felt confused and frustrated with the ending. I was convinced, when I found out that there were more books to the series, that the next book would still be about Jonas, but it's not. I'd love to read the rest of the books in the quartet but I'm worried they will all end the same way. The ending was especially surprising given it's a young adult fiction book. I felt like it didn't bring home the necessary conclusion that a book should bring for a young adult fiction. Ultimately it reminded me of the Seinfeld series...great show that ended in an unexpected and, in my opinion, disappointing fashion."
"Teenagers these days are currupted to think that good books hve high-flying action and overly dramatic characters. While these can make a good story, a true masterpeice is something more. I read this book in the sixth grade (last year), and adored it. Why? It made me think. It made me ask myself what it really means to be human, and if a socialist society is really what as good as it looks. It kind of reminds me of WALL-E in the sense the people are surviving, but not truly living. Those who rate the book as boring don't seem to get the book at all. It's not the ""Twilight"" type, but it's not supossed to be. It's much better because you need to actually need to use *gasp* intelligence to understand it. If you read it for only the story, yes, it won't be to amazing. But the stylistic writing and messages it portrays are what make it so good. Remember my comparison to WALL-E? One of the most used arguments against that excellent movie is the lack of diolougue and that it is also boring. Sure, it may be easier to watch, say, Kung Fu Panda, but WALL-E is a genuinly better movie because it's not meant to be easy. It's meant to make you think. And that is what The Giver is."
"I was unsure I would like this book when I 1st got it. Because I am not really a big fan of ""classics"" but, this book is a Utopian, for Young Adult readers. It met all my expectations. I loved this book. I really likes Jonas. His determination, drive, his heart. He had courage, even though he wasn't given that memory from The Giver. He, had courage I could never imagine.My heart broke when he found out what the release was. It was at that time, when his father said that Gabe would be released that I knew in my heart, that Jonas would not let that happen to that sweet baby, with the light eyes!I had hope for Jonas. This book is full of hope. It makes you cherish your own memories. Because the life that Jonas lived in, only sameness was filled in it. No love, No hope, everything was the .. same.In the end, Jonas has love, and he doesn't have to worry about hiding it anymore. For I believe that he will be ok, safe, happy and loved! He will love. He loves Gabe.This novel was a win for me. Please if you haven't read it. Read it. It is a fast read too. So if you have a read a thon coming up, add The Giver to your list. Add it to you TBR list anyways!"
"When I saw this book the first, `perfect world' I thought this book's story might be magic stuff. But I knew this book is not and this is new for me.  From now I'm going to tell you how I felt and ow I think this book was.  First, this book's story and organization are very good. However all books have some problem I think. There wasn't main or many problems but this book doesn't have much instruction or explanation. Like when I see some things that are strange to me, I just could think that's just because this book's background's different as ours. I know this writer tried to make some new story.  Second, thanks to the writer Lois Lowry who wrote this book. Because when I read this book, I felt like I'm being in  Jonas' world and I always wonder what will happen after.  Third, Jonas' world that she made was interesting and gave me a chance to think about that type of story. I guess no one's made or thought that type of world or things. Because since now, all books' main story was our world. Like how we live or how we think. If she didn't wrote this book, we couldn't think about that world.  So if I rate this book I will give 4.5 stars."
"The Giver is an amazing novel. It was the first I'd ever read of this genre when I was probably in 4th grade when I got it in a book swap. I ate it up, and it sparked my insatiable appetite for stories like this. The Giver came before Hunger Games, Fahrenheit 451, and even Uglies for me. If you have a young adult or are a young adult, I'd certainly recommend it, even if you've read it before and lost you're copy! Reread, thankfully The Giver is full of nuances, and little bits of info you don't necessarily pick up on the first time. Now for my summary:The Giver is about an 11 year old boy. His name is Jonas. He's grown up in a perfect society, everyone's happy, there is no want or hunger, and everything is decided for you. Making decisions is dangerous of course, so here everything from your food to your spouse is chosen for you by the council. In this world, when you turn 12 you're job is chosen for you! What an exciting time! Jonas is attending his ceremony of twelves when he is assigned to be the next receiver, the one who holds all of the communities memories, whether pleasant or not.To find out how the rest goes, read the book!"
"The Giver is one of the best books I have ever read! It has a very good plot and a lot of suspence. Lois Lowry, the author, did a great job!  The Giver is about a boy named Jonas who lives in a ""perfect"" society. They have no emotions and never have to worry about being able to survive. The citizens have never had to experience pain, fear, or even love. Their lives are controlled and they can not even chose their spouses and jobs.  When Jonas turns twelve is selected for an important job. With this job he has to experience memorites and emotions of the past. He learns a lot from these and wants everyone to experience these feelings.  Finally, Jonas con't take it. He wants to be free of this colorless world he lives in. Hewants to be part of a society where he is not ""controlled"". Jonas goes on a very dangerous mission benefiting him and his fellow citizens. Will he survive?  The Giver is especially a good read because it has no specific ending. You get to use your imagination and the facts you have been given ato create your own. The Giver is definetly one of Lois Lowry's best books ever! All junior high student's should read this book."
"Jonas, the twelve-year old boy lives in the future.It is a world without pain, neediness and risk.Jonas gets the new ""Receiver of Memory. He gets memories from the old Receiver and he sees the world with another view. As Jonas is not able to live in this world any more without changing  the society he and his stepbrother Gabriel run out of the community.The  author makes dear that the perfect world the people think they live in is a  well-organized ""dictorship"" as there is no freedom of choice  which suddenly becomes so precious that the reader is forced to recognize  that something which seeems to be the most natural thing in the world is  eszential for our lives. In addition opportunity to have own memories to  make mistakes and to experience a life in which fate, catastrophes and  powers we cannot control rule suddenly has to be regarded as a present we  never really realized. The book is very interesting and easy to read.It is  very interesting to look in such a world so far in the future.The language  is the most time easy. The structure is easy and so the reader can the  actions follow.It was one of the best books I ever read."
"I read this because I seem to remember Sherman Alexie recommended it, and I kept stumbling across glowing reviews. Its 1984 aimed at a10-year-old level, and I can see how the anti-authoritarian questioning could blow the mind of a young, inexperienced reader but ... Itsabout a boy who lives in a society free of pain and suffering. He gradually learns how that lack of pain comes about and cant abide by it. Theworld is just too underdeveloped (how can a society this small and insular manufacture planes and sophisticated eavesdropping equipment)and unrealistic (at some point in the past, humans gave up sex and discerning colors because those can lead to tension and pain  really?)and the ideas/commentary are not handled well (conformity is bad because, well, someday there might be an all-powerful government thatdemands arranged marriages and assigned jobs?). If youve read Ursula K. LeGuin or George Orwell, youve read the same ideas but betterexecuted. And for the reviewers who say this is a critique of Buddhism, you clearly dont understand that Buddhism doesnt seek a worldwithout suffering. Bechdel test: Fail. Grade: C-"
"In a world of sameness, everything is well-organized and it seems like nothing will go wrong. That's what Jonas, an eleven-year-old boy, thinks so far of his community. When he turns twelve, his life changes and he views the world with different eyes. His role in the community is to become ""Receiver of Memory,"" a job that involves taking in more than what's seen with the naked eye. Jonas experiences pains and pleasures of all kind, gaining more knowledge from it all. But there is one thing he cannot not stand: to not be able to share the feelings with everyone else. Only he and ""The Giver"" can hold the memories and feelings; Jonas wants that to change. He wants the whole Community to be able to feel what he's feeling, what the other Receivers had felt ""back and back and back."" To make things change, Jonas has to take action...I think this book is very well-written with many thoughts expressed through a boy who has to keep his thoughts and feelings (in this case, when he has them) to himself. This book will make you realize that it is very fortunate in the world for everyone to be ""Receivers of Memory."""
"I am currently reading this as part of a class study on utopia and dystopia. My, but it was good! I'm supposed to read the book 45 pages at a time, but I read the whole thing instead, with chastisement from my teacher. At first Jonas' community seems like a fun place to be. You don't have to think for yourself, and, strangely enough, you don't want to because you're having too much fun. It is only when you see the truth behind these lies that the community seems only like a place to run away from. The book was very good. The characters were three-dimensional in a one-dimensional world, and the story was very well written. The only thing that really put me off was the description of what it really means to be released. That passage was horrific, gave me nightmares. The author could have made a milder statement that, while still making the point, didn't involve a newborn baby being murdered.Overall a very good story and worth reading."
"The Giver was one of the best books that I have ever read.I had to read the book for school and at first I thought it would be very boring because normally, school books are. The Giver made me see things in a whole new perspective. Jonas' world is one without weather, feelings, color, animals or diseases. Nobody ever feels pain or experiences bad weather. Jonas realises this when he becomes the receiver of memory. He starts to see the Giver who transfers memories over to Jonas. Memories about color, kittens, Christmas, warefare and more. For the first time, Jonas sees how limited his community is and becomes very angry. He cannot understand why nobody can experience colors or choice. Everything is done for them, including their jobs and who they marry.  Lois Lowry writes the most extrodinary and breathetaking book I have ever read. I urge any and everyone to pick up this amazing book. It will definitely be worth your while."
"The Good: The story was compelling and the author was able to draw you into the characters. You really began to care about the few ""real"" people in the story. The people who know ""anything"" come alive and you feel the depth of the truly unique and horrible situation they are in. I applaud the perspective on the intrinsic value of human life. The horror felt by the taking of innocent life for the convenience of the community is a breath of fresh air in our society. I love the narration. I listen to quite a few books and quite a few narrators and Ron Rifkin did a first rate job here.The Bad: It seems that the most difficult part of a story to write is the ending. In this case the author simply chose not to write an ending, leaving the decision of what actually happened up to the reader. While on the surface this sounds like a clever intellectually compelling device in practice it just seems like a copout."
"The Giver was a very interesting read. The beginning of the book starts off very slow, introducing the characters. Eventually, you realize that everything is the same. There is not a bit of that thing we now call individuality. There are no feelings of any kind, no pain, happiness, or even hunger...Then this one boy had been chosen to be the receiver. This job is filled with pain and suffering. He has to take all the memories from the Giver, memoeries of times when there was love, hate, pain, suffering, and happiness. Jonas, who is the main character, starts trying to use these new feelings that he has acquired through the Giver and wants to apply them to his life of `Sameness'. It does not work though, because the people have npt experienced what he has felt since becoming the receiver. Overall I give the book a b+. The ending was very good, and made the book enjoyable to read."
"...I read it) The Giver is quite a unique and fascinating novel about a young boy named Jonas who is selected to be the Receiver of Memory of a Utopian Community Lowry has created. This Receiver is to retain all of the memories of the past. From thoughts and experiences of extreme pain to much more enjoyable moments, Jonas will have to take it all in so that the citizens of the Community don't have to. Jonas soon finds, however, that there are many important things missing from the Community, and he wants to give it back...  The Giver may be a book of only fifth grade level, but it is still interesting to read and think, ""What if our lives were like that?"" It also leaves a sort of impact when you finish, making you think about the whole thing for quite a while. The Giver is something that shouldn't be missed by anybody who wants something new and different to read. It's really not that bad."
"This book is written for teens, and I as an adult could not put it down once I started it, I mean I sat and read it from beginning to end, no breaks. This is the only book I have ever done that with. I was facinated with the society, where everyone is given volunteer work as a older child and then a career is determined for you by a group of older members (of the society). Jonas is given an unusual assignment: The Giver. It is very secretive and he is not allowed to share his learnings with anyone. I was compelled by this society that tries to make life good for everyone but yet contains such subtle horrors: such as if a twin is born, one must be killed! And then there is what is revealed to Jonas through an old man called the Giver, that Jonas didn't even know about love (amongst other things!) I recommend that if you haven't read this yet, READ IT s it is a quite facinating and different book."
"This book is about a futuristic community where sameness is the rule, decisions are made for its citizens,and everyone is safe and provided for.  It was skillfully written to cause the reader to feel almost positively (at  first) about the practices of the people in this community until he/she  thinks twice about them.  As the story unfolds, one realizes that a  terrible mistake has been made in creating this society.  Some have said  that this book is not suitable for young people to read because it is  likely to cause (or aggravate) depression.  However, when I read the book I  felt just the opposite feeling: gratitude.  It made me realize that it is  only because we experience pain that we can experience joy.  Also, when  reading this book, it is important to realize that our world is not like  that in The Giver.  It is better.  I would recommend this book to anyone,  young or old."
"This book, to me, was just brilliant.  I love the idea of another time and society, which were expressed so originally in this story.  Rules, safety, everything made for what could have been a perfect society.  But it is what lies beneath these things, what they choose to cover up, that makes the story really interested.Jonas, at twelve, grows up way too fast.  It is traditional for twelve year olds of his society to be an adult at 12, but Jonas is the only one who truly experiences any real growth.Given the choice to protect the world they live in or unleash everything unknown, he has  a powerful choice to make, and does so accordingly.This book gripped me right up until the end, which was the only slight let-down.  While the end was good, it wasn't great, as the rest of the book was.  But overall, I highly recommend this book to everyone.  An instant classic."
"The Giver was a book written by Lois Lowry. I think she was trying to tell everyone that there's a possibility there's more out there than we even know about. The book's about a community where you go to school,do volunteer work, the meals are brought to your family and you have a choice to have a spouse or childeren. Everyone has there birthdays together every year. When you turn twelve they try to help find out what your's good at and what you like. Then they tell you what you'll do for the rest of your life in that community. A boy turned twelve he was chosen to be a very powerfull leader in his community. He has no rules. He findes out what his father does and what things meant in the community.  The way things were wants to changes things but, how would he go about that.  I think its a good book to read for someone who dont like to read it kinda gets your attention."
"I have read, in quick succession, all three books in this series;  The Giver, Gathering Blue, and The Messenger.I read them all in hopes of coming to a satisfying conclusion to the story - but in this I felt cheated!  The books are wonderful, don't get me wrong.  Exciting, fast paced, terrific stories and characters.  But on the last page (I have the kindle edition) I found myself repeatedly trying to page forward, as in each book it felt as if it hadn't ended.  Not simply because I wanted more - but because in each case, it felt unfinished....One more page, one more paragraph - anything except stranding me in the middle of a story.  I thought this was simply to make me continue to read the sequel, but even the concluding book left me in a lurch.  I do not think I will be reading Lowry again any time soon.  Her lack of endings is just too frustrating for me!"
"Lois Lowry's ""The Giver"" explores a world where the passionate emotions that make humans individuals are absent from their existence.  This world where Jonas lives is ""perfect"".  There is no crime, no war, no hatred, but there is no true love.  As 12-year-old Jonas learns more about emotions, he wants to escape.  He realizes the utopia that he lives in is really a delusion.  Murder is everywhere, yet no one realizes it.  They kill those who are deemed insufficient for their community.  Human thought is controlled and creativity doesn't exist.  This is a must read for anyone looking for a though provoking story.  Lowry does a wonderful job using her imagination to create such a world.  It makes the reader really think about the individuality within the human race.  Since the lives of the people are controlled, this book will make anybody thankful for their freedom.I really enjoyed reading this book and I would definitely recommend it.  The book raises a lot of questions regarding diversity and individuality. It is a great book for the classroom since it brings up many topics for discussion."
"The most peculiar book that I really enjoyed is entitled The Giver by Lois Lowry. The Giver is about a boy named Jonas whose world is perfect. Everything is under control. There is no war or fear or pain. There are no  choices. Every person is assigned a role in the community. When Jonas turns  twelve, he is singled out to receive special training from the giver. The  giver alone holds the memories of the true pain and  of life. Now  it's time for Jonas to receive and hear with the truth. This will cause a  problem that Jonas cannot turn back on. Some of the things I learned from  this book are that many people share fear and pain in the real world. But  no one forces the pain on one person or another because that is selfish and  cruel. However that is exactly what the members of the community forced on  Jonas and the giver, which is completely wrong. I would recommend this  excellent book to readers who are interested in weird, complicated, and  different books. If I could compare this book to another such as The Pearl,  I would rank them the same because they both were excellent books that I  really enjoyed."
"I first read this book when I was in 5th grade or so, and found the story captivating. Perfect society, perfect world, everyone is fair, everyone is equal. Discuss our feelings, speak concisely and nicely about others. Fear, poverty, violence, and the bitter realities of the real world don't exist. Except for Jonas. Jonas is given the burden of holding these memories, so that he can help the council formulate educated decisions for how they should properly moderate their perfect society.This book evokes so many emotions, and is hands down one of my favorite books still to this day. I read it countless times when I was younger, lent it to friends and family members. I went through two physical copies of the book, and when I started reading on a Kindle I figured it'd be an excellent way to get myself back into the spirit of reading. I couldn't have been more pleased with my decision to pick this one up first.It's a fairly simple read, but the concept, depth, story, and feelings inside the book are very complex. My girlfriend is in the process of reading it now, upon my recommendation. You should do the same :)"
"` The Giver ', by Lois Lowry, reflects on the wonderful freedom that comes with individuality of character. Jonas, the main focus of the story, is a boy living a normal life in his community. Regulated by strict laws, blinded to color, deafened to music, and bearing no memories of a time before their own, the citizens of the community are dominated by a state known as Sameness. They have a contained, controlled, and predictable way of life. Pain and pleasure are not known to them, because their emotions and feelings have also been taken away, quelled by drugs that all of them take daily. But one among them is selected to hold all the memories of the world, color and music and joy and grief. He chooses Jonas as his successor, and passes his memories on to him. As Jonas learns about the true feelings of life, he and The Giver formulate a plan to give the community back the memories that they lost and regain a truer sense of life. ` The Giver ' takes place in a Utopian, ""perfect"" community of the future. Jonas and the Giver struggle to bring back to the community the memories of the past.  -from Nacho Gal"
"The Giver is a very gratifying book.  And it's not just for kids.  Children will be fasinated by the story of Jonas, the Giver, and the perfect world they live in. Adults will find a sufficiently good read here too. Lowry is a very talented writer, and with The Giver has fabricated an  awesome idea, flexing her muscles with a good plot and memorable, likeable  characters. My only complaint was this book could have been so much more.  As an older reader (still young at heart I assure you :) I found myself  grimising at how underdeveloped the Giver character was. He's such a  remarkable creation, show us and tell us more about him Lois!  I realize  this is a Young Adult book, and that explains the shortness of it, but  still, even as a kid I think I would want to know more. More about the  other communities, a little bit more about Jonas, and mostly, so much more  about the Giver! Towards the end, he simply disappears too. Still, despite  Lowry's lack of giving us much on the Giver, her novel is a very  exceptional read for the youth, and a good, quick and easy read for the  adult, that will make you think."
"Would you give up color, uniqueness, and choice to live in a community without pain, hunger, or feeling? In Lois Lowry's The Giver, Jonas finds himself asking whether he could do the same. He has grown up in acommunity of sameness, and after a suprising ceremony of the twelve, he become the next Receiver. Some ofthe main characters are Jonas, his family unit, the Giver, and the new child Gabriel. As the Givertransmits memories of love, truth, and pain, Jonas begins to realize that his community and family haveno true pain or knowledge. I really love this book because of the unpredictable twists that are put in,like the true meaning of release. Also, as Jonas takes us through his point of view, on a quest to free hismemories, everything fits together so perfectly. The open ending does leave me hanging, but Lowry mentionsa young boy with pale eyes in Gathering Blue, the closest thing to a sequel to this fiction novel. I would recommend this novel to all middleschoolers who like reading man against world and courage. The only question left is, Can he make it?"
"It's a great book if its purpose is to give a middle school English course several classes worth of talking points regarding utopias and dystopias.  Otherwise, I was a little disappointed.  There were several aspects of the Utopian society that warranted some further explanation.  Additionally, there was a certain ""magic"" inherent in the people or the society that never received any more attention than that which was convenient for the plot line.  I read this and two others in the series so I could join a book club with my students who were reading the final book of the quartet (of which The Giver is the first).  I was surprised at just how many potentially pivotal questions were left unanswered and how many seemingly fascinating aspects of the world Lowry constructed were left wholly unexplored.  That said, I would not say that this book is without merit.  Three stars, for me, indicates a teen fiction that has a continuous flow, some page-turning suspense, doesn't patronize young readers, and challenges them to think beyond their current surroundings without relying entirely on the fantastic."
"Everybody should read The Giver because you never get bored.  There is lots of action and feelings that Jonas has.  You get really attached to Jonas so you want to read more and more.  Lois Lowry is such a good writer.This fantastic book is about an eleven year old boy who hasn't gone through any pain, loss of family, or even heard about war.  The weather is controlled, the food is provided for them, and they have to take pills every day.  No one knows what they are for in the community, but they don't care.  That's because the pills control their feelings.  The people don't care about anything.  Love or want to make a change in the community is ignored.  Until the main character, Jonas, turns twelve, he doesn't realize what he needed to do. When anybody in the community turns twelve, they receive a job.  Their job is chosen for them. Jonas gets picked as a Receiver.  The Receiver gets all the memory from the past (our time).  When he learns about all he is missing out, he takes action.  Trying to find a way out of sameness, Jonas learns sneaking out of the community isn't such a good idea."
"Beginning this book as a class assignment, reading a huge success was not one of my expectations. I envisioned a boring, hard to understand and relate to book. I got the extreme opposite. I discovered Jonas, a twelve year old boy living in a world where sameness was the game. Imperfection was disposed of and impractical things vanquished. Jonas' journey in the book was one like no other. He fought everything he had believed in and all because of his ""assignment"" to be a reciever of memory. He recieved memories from times before sameness took place in the community. Memories of snow, and Christmas. As to his dismay, memories of pain. He realized through these memories that everything he knew was not realistic. It was all a plan. he was not an individual, but a robot living in a world of sameness.  Lois Lowry amazed me in this true story of faith and uniqueness. No book will ever compare to the story of ""The Giver"". So, bravo! Mrs. Lowry. You have created a masterpiece. I recommend this book for all ages. It is best for middle schoolers, but would be good for teens as well."
"The first time I read THE GIVER in 1994, I was absolutely mesmerized.  What a compelling idea--a story similar to 1984, only with a darling twelve year old boy (Jonas) who is selected to receive all the memories of his community. What on earth does this mean?  Evidently this story takes place in the future where everything is the same.  People are all drugged so that they have no emotions.  They no longer see a world in color; people who are old or sick are terminated.  Only one baby is allowed to survive from a multiple birth. Only certain women are allowed to give birth; the baby is given to a selected man and woman to raise.  When the child reaches maturity, the 'parents' are sent to live with other childless couples.  There is no love, no pain, not even grandparents.  The elders make all decisions.  People don't even select their careers.At the age of twelve, Jonah is chosen to receive all the memories of preceding centuries from the grandfatherly 'giver of memories.'Anyone reading this book will know immediately why Lois Lowery received the Newbery award, which is given to the author of the most distinguished contribution to American literature for children. The first review I ever read for this book was in the newspaper.  The article stated that THE GIVER would become a classic and suggested that readers immediately buy first editions (for an investment).  After reading my copy, I bought books for both of my teenagers for Christmas.  I loved the book and I really loved the fairytale ending.  But then, not too long ago, I started reading some of the reviews on Amazon.  People were complaining about the sad ending!  What did I miss?  When I read an outstanding book, I have a tendency to read way too fast.  I can't help it; the better the book, the faster I read.  I just can't wait to see what happens next!  Consequently, I miss a lot. But, if the book is really outstanding, I'll eventually re-read it, savoring every word.  Subsequently, I slowly read THE GIVER again, and now, I'm really not certain about the ending.  Did Jonas live happily ever after or was he 'released?'  Readers will have to make their own decisions.  As for me, I'm going to retain my original, warm fuzzy, happy conclusion and forget I ever read a review!"
"I read the Giver because it was my kids were assigned to read it in school.  I am so happy I did.  While it was written in 1994, it's message that becomes more true by the day.  Sixteen years later we have more people on anti-depressants than ever, as if we can't handle our emotions.  Will we reach a point where we'll do anything to keep from feeling bad?  Trouble is, if we reach that point, we also won't feel anything good.Jonas, the twelve year old hero of the story is shown all the memories that his society has buried in able to bring peace to his world.  He also discovers what happens to the less than perfect children.  Armed with the truth, Jonas can make his own decision about his society and he does.I believe this book is as important as 1984, Brave New World, and any other book that shows us where the road we're currently on is going to take us.  Thank goodness for brilliant authors like Lois Lowry who have the talent, skills and courage to bring these things to our attention.  I hope this book remains on the must-read list for students for many years go come.[...]"
"The community in which The Giver takes place reminds me, in a few way, of Amish communities in its emphasis on ""sameness"".  It also reminds me of the various speculations by Christians about what heaven is like.  It also reminds me of a line by a poet, ""They dream of systems so perfect that no one will need to be good.""  The burden of the ""Giver"" is that he is also the ""Receiver"" of all of the memories of the community, this makes it possible for every member of the community to live in the present and the present is so rigid that nothing unpleasant can happen, in addition nothing spectacular can happen either.  The landscape has no hills and the weather is uniformly mild.  The emphasis reminds me of the efforts by many to enforce ""equality"" of out-come on everyone now.  There are a number of ways in which a religious person such as myself will see Judeo/Christian overtones in the story.  The community is a dystopia but believed by the community to be a utopia.  Only the Giver and Receiver know reality and it creates a conflict within their souls."
"Lois Lowry, a prolific young adult author with many titles to her name, has stepped outside of her usual lighthearted and humorous works to write a science fiction novel that may surprise many of her readers.  In The Giver, Lowry creates a safe utopian society, where the people act and look the same, where everyone abides by the same rules.  On the surface there are no problems, yet the characters in the novel are human enough to make the reader sympathetic to their fate.  Conflicts begin to arise when the main character becomes aware of many inherent problems in the society.  Jonas, the major character, is a boy who lives in this society and the plot of the novel is based in part on the transformation of Jonas from a model and very important citizen to a rebel who chooses to turn his back on his family and world.  The climax is reached when the characters are forced to find a solution to their conflict, however the ending of the novel is inconclusive and the readers must supply for themselves what happens in the end. Recommended for all school Libraries.Michael J. Spencer"
I'm surprised I never came across this when I was younger.  Probably best that I read it now as an adult so I can appreciate this book so much more!!  Beautiful story!
"A fine, insightful Dystopian novel of a ""perfect"" world which is anything but, ""The Giver"" belongs on the small but important shelf of such cautionary novels as ""1984"" & ""Brave New World.""However, after reading so many of the previous reviews, it's fascinating & revealing to see that so many readers think of the Community as being Communistic, when in fact it depicts the end result of any True Believer mentality: There is only One Way, Our Way. It could just as easily be a fundamentalist community of any religious stripe, or one of any ideologically-mandated group. Let's not forget that we have plenty of people right here in America who are convinced they know what's best for everyone, and who believe we should all be forced to live according to their beliefs; quite often they're the ones waving a flag and/or a cross most vehemently. In fact, there's one more book that readers of ""The Giver"" should consult: Sinclair Lewis' pre-WWII novel of Fascism coming to America, ""It Can't Happen Here."" Because as ""The Giver"" warns us, it can happen anywhere.Including Here."
"The Giver is an unusual science fiction story, about the perfect society. Jonas is the main character, and the oldest child in his family unit. In this perfect society, each family unit can have one male and one female child. This community has a committee, who chooses your spouse, and after a few years you can apply to have children. Each child has to stay with its age group. There are ones and twos, threes and fours, until the age of 12. There is a ceremony of the twelve year olds, and they are each given their assignment/job. At the ceremony of the twelve year olds, Jonas was skipped.This was very unusual, but he was skipped for a very good reason. He was to be the new giver, the holder of all memories. I thought that the book was wonderful. It made me stop and think that our lives and lifestyles aren't that bad. It also made me think that we take little things for granted; things like color, music, making dinner, and the freedom to love. Those are things you don't notice until they are gone. I would recommend this book to someone that is looking for another world."
"I definitely enjoyed the storyline of this book very much. You are presented in the beginning of the book with Jonas, a boy about to turn twelve. You meet his family and see that there is much emphasis on job titles in the community, as well as much emphasis on what is called Sameness. Jonas' story of being selected as the next Receiver of Memory is definitely riveting. You encounter his trials and tribulations as he learns about the world and begins to feel and see things for what they really are.This book most definitely had touches of Communism, in that everything is the same and everyone has an important role in the community. Everyone has the same things, and everyone (mainly the Committee of Elders) is the government. Jonas begins to see through this as he learns more about his job, and begins to feel things such as love for the very first time.This story is powerful. It has so much inner meaning behind it, such as in the end. The symbolism in the book is amazing, as is the storyline. I would definitely recommend it to anyone and everyone of all ages."
"Dystopian themes are one of my favorite genres in literary fiction. The idea of an idyllic world which on its surface seem like utopia but is in reality dystopian. Eventually one person or a group of individuals, senses something is wrong in their world and starts to question society and start on an existential journey to discover deeper and or different meaning of living.The Giver is a gem of a novel is dystopia at its very best. This world of ""sameness"" that Lois Lowry has created is frightening in its understated menace. Twelve year old protagonist Jonas is one of the most poignantly written character that I have ever read in literary fiction. I felt myself transported into his world and walked with on his trails to become his community's Receiver of Memories. As Jonas gains more memories from the elder teacher, the Giver, he quickly realizes that his is based upon lies and treachery. The Giver is a wonderful classic novel that address my themes of what it means to be family, community, and to be a self-actualized human. Highly recommended."
"This is definitely a child's book, in languague, characters and length. It is a modern fable, another take on a Brave new world and Logan's Run. In an unspecified place and time a society has opted to live in a world of sameness. Children are made in a nuturing centre, families assembled by committee. The story follows one boy, Jonas, who on reaching 12 is assigned to be the new receiver of memories. He gradually learns of colour, love and pain. This is a gem. Enjoy it at any age. Aparently it has been banned for children at some times as the some of the content, e.g. infanticide, is considered inappropriate . I can understand this as, reading it as an adult, the world it projects is a little scary and vivid. However, considering some of the things deemed appropriate nowadays this is rather mild. I loved this, am somewhat disturbed by it as some of the ideas are disturbingly close to issues today. It explores what happens when we discourage diversity. When conformity is celebrated and people receive complete nuturing of body and dulling of emotional extremes."
"I first stated to read this book because my school requierd me to.But once I started I could not put it down.Every chapter has somthing new and suprising in it.It was such a touching book that makes you relize even  though are world may be some what of a mess at least we still have freedom  and feelings. Imagine if you had no emotions and could not expereance  simple joys such as love,snow,sunshine,individuallaty,dreams(goals) pain,  fear or lonlieness.A boy Jonas lives in a eutopia where every thing is  equal and ""perfect""allthough it is relly not.He is sellected to  be the reciver of all the memories of the past the good and the bad.All of  a sudden the once verry strickt rules of his comuity no longer apply to him  and he relizes what he has been missing out on.After a year of training  Jonas is filled with almost all of the memories you and me know of and can  no longer relate to his family and friends who have no recalection of any  memories or almost any emotions.This book is one of my all time favorates  and is recemmended to every body."
"Much like the themes of Brave New World and The Handmaiden's Tale, The Giver presents the flaws of a ""perfect world"" where everything is controlled.  And similar to other futuristic tales, this one has its ""hero,"" but in this story that hero is Jonas, a twelve-year-old  boy.  Like most children, Jonas is filled with questions.  Once he is  labeled as a ""receiver,"" the separation between himself and the  well-tuned world he was born into begins.  Jonas is forced to feel and see  things that his community has worked so hard to deny and make disappear.  The main theme that stood out in my mind is:  If things have always been  done this way, why change?  How can we change?  This is a riveting read.  I  could not put this book down until Jonas's journey was finished, at least  among my pages.  The book leaves the reader with thoughts to ponder,  possibilities to imagine, and questions to debate.  Read it, pass it on,  and make an impact in the world.  Change is sometimes needed...but we have  to ""see"" the need first."
"First off, this was a really good book.  Second of all, I would like to get something off my chest.  Why does everyone(almost)think that books with anything thougthful, serious, or bad are not appropriate for children?  I'll admit that a five year old should not read this book, but what about the kids who are seven or eight and could understand this book?  Should they not be able to read it just because of some disturbing things?  They are the ones who need to read it so that they can stop the world from becoming that way!Now that I've done that, I'll move on to the book.  This is a really great book.  The author has created a whole new world, but sort of like ours.  This book makes you think about our soceity, and what it has become.  It makes you thankful for all the simple things, even pain and the ability to choose a job and be different from other people.  There is also one other thing missing from that world.  Color.  It is all a colorless gray, but no one, except The Giver and The Receiver, knows any different.Get this book!"
This book is an excellent book for people of all ages. It is about one boys struggle to find out the true meaning of life. Filled with many triumphs and defeats.
"This book is a very intelligent and yet easy-to-understand read.  It vaguely reminds me of Orwell's 1984, since they are both about a terrifying future with extreme government control.  They veer away from each other, however, in that The Giver is hopeful and even in some ways joyful about the human condition, while Orwell is anything but.  In my opinion, The Giver tries to illustrate humankind's greatest strengths (love, forgiveness, compassion, empathy, courage, strength, the list goes on) as well as its faults, which makes it unique.  When I first read it, I was about 10, and I took its ending at face value.  Now that I am quite a bit older, I am inclined to (forgive the pun) read more deeply into its meaning, whether or not that was what the author intended, and have come to my own conclusions.  I am sure you will find your own as well.  Overall, I highly recommend this as an excellent, thought-inspiring book especially for preteens who may not quite be ready for Orwell (Blair, of course) or Czeslaw Milosz, but meaningful for all."
"I was expecting a boring book.  Wow, was I wrong. This is a fascinating look at a scary future, where society is orderly and seems almost perfect in a dull, predictable way, but not everything is what it seems to be. The truth is, this future society has no real sense of right or wrong.  Everything is done just to keep law and order, even if that means some cruel, heartless acts.  When Jonas reaches the age of twelve, he is selected to be a Receiver of Memories. Only then does he find out how soulless society has become, and questions if it's right to not have joy, sorrow, love and other human emotions just to keep the peace.  While the future society is a tranquil place, Jonas realizes we've sacrificed too much to achieve that tranquility.  The ending doesn't come to any easy, simple answers or solutions, but that just adds to the warning the book gives us about the society we might become someday. And- the warning is- once there, it might be too late to change back.  For that important message, I give The Giver five stars."
"I read this book in 7th grade, and I am so glad it was assigned! Out of all the books I've ever had to read, this takes the cake! The plot of the story is extremely unique, as are the characters and events.Jonas lives in a controlled world where the people are virtually the same. These people know nothing of uniqueness and individuality. When Jonas turns 12, he is given the job of ""Receiver of Memory"" and must take on the memories of a man called The Giver. From then on, the pain and confusion Jonas must handle affect him and he has to make a decision. Argh, you really can't understand how wonderful the plot is until you read the book yourself. I promise, once you start reading, you will NOT be able to put this down until you know what is going on. Not only is the storyline itself genius, but the details are extremely interesting and will keep you turning those pages.The Giver carries several themes and messages that you'll be able to apply to your life right away. I won't reveal them now, but the book also has great symbolism which you may or may not pick up on depending on certain aspects. In any case, do not pass up this fascinating read.Even my 45-year-old mother thought it was incredible :-)Definitely worth your time and money!"
"I read this book a few years ago, and looking back I realize it has an amazing plot.  Though the theme of government control and totalitarianism is evident in many books, this specific story is very original in its field.  I particularly liked the loss of seeing color in this futuristic society and the whole idea of ""release"" if a citizen didn't meet certain standards.Though the plot is enough to make you shiver with excitement, the writing destroyed it for me.  Lowry disappointed me with a dry narrative and not enough suspense.  The main character Jonas seems to take himself too seriously for a boy of twelve, even before he finds out about what he is training for.  Since the society he lives in is not powerful enough to control the mentality of a child, it is Jonas's own personality, one that seems unlikely for a boy of his age.For a book about government corruption and control, I would recomment something riveting and suspenseful, such as I Am the Cheese by Robert Cormier, rather than The Giver."
"""The Giver"" is the first book in a trilogy, although I understand the story doesn't really continue for the main character Jonas.  This is a young adult book, and I can see why many teachers enjoy using this to spark discussion.  It is short and easy to read, although it is filled with a lot of controversial topics that would be a wonderful source of discussion.As the book unfolds, you slowly learn about a utopian society, but you start to realize they've paid a high price for ""sameness"".  I find this somewhat similar to what Americans are doing for a sense of safety from terrorists and evil in general.  Americans are willingly giving up many liberties for an assurance (or similitude of one) that they won't be attacked.The geek inside of me struggled with some of the concepts in the book regarding memories and technology.  This colored my review a little, but I still think this is a great book for middle-school aged kids to read and more importantly discuss with parents and/or their teacher and class."
"I read this book as a child and the substance really stuck with me, so much so that for years, though I couldn't remember the name or author, I kept vaguely looking for it because I needed to be able to refer to it with the conscious part of my mind. Reading it again was a joy, and I highly recommend it. It's a book which lays a foundation -- it encourages both child and adult to look at the world they live in with more careful eyes, and question the structures and common practices we all take for granted.  While describing a fictional world in child friendly language it grapples with relevant issues; from what it means to take a pill, to the simplicity of choosing comfort and numbness over a more painful awareness and the real cost that choice entails. It amazes me how much the books we read as children shape the way we think and process our experiences. For all those who want a world filled with sensitive, compassionate, and truly aware people, Lowry has given us a great gift to share with our children."
"In this understated masterpiece, Lowry examines the idea that humans could entertain the possibility of giving up love, strife, choice, and all variables in life in exchange for ""happiness"" (really a sort of placid complacency.)  The premise seems unreasonable as the act of love is mechanized, career paths are chosen by a board of elders, and all the pain and joy and memory of society is stuffed into one overloaded brain.  The Giver must give this knowledge to the Receiver, ""The (New) Chosen One,"" an astute twelve-year-old boy named Jonas.In the beginning he never questions his society because he knows no alternative, but he knows he has always been a little different than the other kids.  As soon as he is exposed to pain and love he wants to share them with others, but the Giver explains the circumstances of his society and his lonely responsibility.  Like members of today's society, Jonas and the Giver must decide whether it is right to continue compromising freedom and choice for security and ""happiness.""  CLEARLY THE ANSWER IS NO!!!  Mature juveniles (a paradox?) and even adults can enjoy and learn from this novel.  Younger kids can still appreciate the good writing even if the universal concepts don't yet click.  Spread the word!"
"The Giver This novel written by Louis Lowry, shows how people could live, if they didn't have their individual characteristics as people.  This book tells us of a world where no one has color, no one raises their own children and no one has anything special about them except the Giver.  The Giver is the one being that holds all the wonderful and happy thought outside of this community.  But he also holds the reality of the so-called ""REAL WORLD"".  This is a great book, it demonstrates how our world would be if we didn't not have freedom to express ourselves.  Jonah Breaks this ongoing circle by running away, and not choosing to accept his new position as the giver. This novel contains Irony in a way that it does not tell you the exact meaning, but you have to attempt to translate it yourself.  It gives you the hard evidence but in the book you have to think and explore your imagination to get the full meaning.  The Theme of this book is to look outside of the box.  Don't judge people for being themselves or for being unique, because without that what is the world other then nothingness. The Tone of this book is sad but in a way you can rejoice about the way Jonah starts to think.  There are many different times in the book when Jonah is confused and doesn't know what to do but he always makes it through until his death.  Even in his death he finds a peace though.  He learns a lesson and teaches one as well. I would recommend this book to anyone that feels that they don't fit along with everyone else.  It might change the way you think of your self and the confidence you have for yourself."
"Unlike most sci-fi books written for a younger audience, The Giver actually isn't stupid.  Although it's not as good or original as 1984 or Brave New World, The Giver is still really interesting. It's probably one of the best ""kids Books"" ever written."
"Title: The Giver By: Lois Lowry Publisher: Bantam Doubleday Dell This book is called The Giver. It's sort of a mix between Sci-Fi and Realistic Fiction. It's about a boy named Jonas. But he doesn't live in the world we know. He lives in a world without color, without crime, without freedom, without love. The story begins when Jonas turns 12. He is given a very special job in his community. He is given the job as the Receiver. Then he experiences things that he would never have thought possible. And his whole life changes forever. The characters, you can't describe because we all have different images of the characters in the story and the author doesn't really describe the characters. Jonas is the main character in the story. The Giver (once the Receiver) is an old man who trains Jonas to become the new Receiver. Jonas's mom, dad, and his sister Lily are completely oblivious to what goes on when Jonas trains under the Giver. Then there is Asher. Asher is the best friend of Jonas. There is also Gabe. Gabe is a baby that has no assigned parents yet so Jonas's family is taking care of him. Gabe also has the same kind of ""abilities"" as Jonas. The book is good because it tells about a ""perfect"" world that isn't so perfect after all. It tells about a boy that lives in a community of ignorance and how he copes with that. It has real raw emotion and feelings. It can drive you insane how stupid this community is, but satisfies you at the same time. Over all, The Giver is a wonderful book for those who want to think outside the box of life. I give The Giver 5 out of 5 stars."
"I read this book a few years ago and because I loved it so much, I figured I would share my thoughts with the people on Amazon considering this great read.This book describes a Utopian ""perfect"" society,"" where there is no pain-no love-no fear-no hunger-and no segregation. Everyone is 'the same' as described in the book. At around age 12, everyone is required to begin taking a medication that suppresses the urge to *ahem* reproduce, so that the government can control the population very easily. SPOILER: when a twin is born or when someone commits a crime one time too many, they are released--executed. This is where Jonas decides that his ""perfect"" society may be a lot less perfect than he thought. A perfect society comes at a great cost, no one can decide for themselves, the government decides everything. SPOILER: for the entire book, everything is in black and white, so no one can see in color! Some of the most important people in this book are the geneticists who control what a person will look like before they are born, they make it so no one can see in color. Also, HUGE SPOILER: no one can hear music, so that no one can be overly-happy (this is huge because it is the core of the ending of this book).I 100% love this book, it creates a complete society in your mind where everything seems so perfect, and only one-two people (the Giver and the Receiver) know the truth and this history of the world.I definitely recommend reading this book to almost anyone, it is very interesting and a page-turner that you wont be able to put down until your done, and you'll be glad you read it!"
"Lois Lowry's The Giver is the story of a boy named Jonas who lives in a community that functionswithin itself and is separated from the rest of the world. The community strives to provide peoplewith a ""perfect life"" in which there is absolutely no pain, worry, war, or inequality. Peoples' lives aredictated in every way from what their job is in the community, to who they marry and even how manychildren they have (one boy and one girl). Citizens must take a pill every day that inhibits them fromexperiencing true emotions. They are not able to feel grief, depression, or suffering. However, they arenot able to experience positive, life defining emotions either, like love.When Jonas turns twelve, he is assigned the most important job in the community, The Receiverof Memories. It is his burden to learn about the truth of the world and the secrets of the past that onlyone person, The Giver, knows. As Jonas learns about life outside of his ""perfect community"" and howthings used to be, he comes to realize that the way they are living now is not perfect at all and decideshe needs to change.The Giver plays on the classic idea of breaking free from the constraints of conformed livingand learning what it really means to live. It radiates a powerful message that reminds us of the beautyin individuality and freedom. As peoples' lives nowadays continue to revolve more and more aroundtechnology, money, and work, The Giver is a literary breath of fresh air that will stay with you for a longtime."
"Imagine a world where there's no discrimination, no crime, and life's largest decisions are made for you.  Emotions are non-existent, individuality is unheard of, and sameness is celebrated.  This is the premise for the futuristic dystopian society that author Lois Lowry has created in her classic novel, The Giver.  The book closely monitors the actions of a twelve-year-old boy named Jonas.  At age twelve, members of this dystopian society are given their jobs that they will hold of the rest of their lives.  Jonas is selected to be the ""Receiver of Memory,"" and to store all past memories before Sameness.  As Jonas takes over his new job, he meets the former ""Receiver of Memory"" named The Giver.  The Giver tells Jonas about information regarding to the Community's past.  The Giver basically gives Jonas the power of knowledge, and allows to Jonas to see things like color, feel emotions, and experience a rainbow.  As The Giver shows Jonas these things, Jonas becomes strengthened with the power of knowledge.  Jonas becomes aware that his Community engineered its society to protect against the loneliness, wars, and starvation of the past.  Blessed with this new knowledge, Jonas is inspired to leave his community and break the monotonous life he has led thus far.The Giver is a classic read that forces the reader to use his or her imagination to picture an oddly assembled dystopian community.  Although controversial to some, the message of sameness versus individuality can really leave impact on a reader.  Personally, I enjoyed the read, but was angered by the abrupt ending."
"I thoroughly enjoyed this novel, as it brought me happiness as well as grief within its visually colorful scriptures.  Jonas, a boy of only twelve, discovers that he is destined to do more than what meets the naked eye, no pun intended.  His community, known for its equality, or rather today this can be labeled as communism, assigns Jonas to work as the keeper of memories, where he is to deal with the pain and strife that the rest of the population does not deal with.  This is supposedly done to ensure the happiness of his clan.  Ever so slowly Jonas realizes that his life had been shielded from reality.  Jonas had been lied to about what life was supposed to be like, and in this trap of bland grays, Jonas decided that he had to escape.I felt that Louis Lowery almost perfectly described this utopia in which Jonas resided.  Everything was explained in utmost detail to give everyone the distinct view of life through Jonas's eyes. Lowery's use of allusion to the topic of Communism was also a powerful topic that I felt was delicately embedded within the text.  Very craftily it was used to depict a community where everything was `provided and cared-for equally,' but not necessarily `perfect.'  I would recommend this book to any age group.  It is simple to read for any age, but what you get out of the book lies in how deeply you understand its levels.  To a sixth grader, this could just be a story about following your heart, but to a junior in high school such as myself, this is a story about the need to escape from a world of depressing equality to a life of color and true love."
I read this book about 3 years ago in one afternoon just because it was on my mom's bookshelf.  It was so thought provoking that I still think about it today.  It's a very quick way to have a new outlook on society and life.  I highly reccommend it.
"This well-written book portrays the journey of a young boy who fights to give the society in which he grows up in a better understanding of the world they live in. The Giver is a fantasy that explores a utopian community and allows for the reader to  question their beliefs on the definition of a perfect world. The novel fits the fantasy genre because it is set in an imaginative world. The main character, Jonas, is living in a fantasy world fighting to live in the ""real world"". The author, Lois Lowry, has a well-developed plot with a definite rising action, climax, conflict, and resolution. Also, there are many literary elements that help keep the readers actively involved with the use of figurative language and suspense that is created throughout. The author uses euphemisms to help soften the reality and build vocabulary and comprehension skills. The book's ending, however, leaves many unanswered questions to what really happened to Jonas and the community he left behind. However, this seems to have been the author's purpose. The Giver is a great instructional tool for building reading skills in the upper middle grades to early high school. There is adult content in the novel that is definitely for a mature audience. It should not be taught as a silent reading book. There are many instructional activities to enhance learning through out the book such as; journal articles, creating a graphic novel, comparing/ contrasting activities, and many more. There are also many Internet resources for both students and teachers that provide excellent learning materials to follow the novel."
"The main character here, Jonas, proved his talents and became the new receiver- in training. The giver and the receiver are kind of a cell, where you keep all the memories. The world, (described in this book), is nothing. No taste, no colors, no feelings, no emotions, no changes, but the same dull life of living with the rule.Through his trainings, he discovered many delights and pains, for that he never experienced it before. In addition, he was told why the world was so dull, full of mechanic voices meaning nothing. The committee had changed the world. The climate made the crops difficult to grow and the raw landscape made them almost impossible to live. So they used climate change, bulldozers to make everything easy and simple. After taking the nature into control, it was said that the committee took all emotions, pains, joys and selected a person to hold all those ""dangerous"" memories themselves- The Giver.Jonas, after a year, sets his mind of returning the emotions to the numb world, and carefully plans his move. When Jonas escapes, the Giver will let go of all his memories to let people FEEL the world. However, Jonas took a young child named Gabriel and the escape was delayed. While the escape, Jonas experienced the real, unchanged world, and he had memories himself. The REAL memories he experienced instead of transferred. At the end, Jonas finds his destination, and slides to what it may be a real world, or elsewhere.I think we should be thoughtful about our lives and enjoy it well. Who knows? Maybe our future will be the same as the people in the Giver."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry really gave me pause for thought. It is such a popular book, and has come highly recommended by many people. Im not very familiar with young adult reads, besides reading The Hunger Games (simply to see what all the fuss was about).Lowrys world building is second to none. Her discussion of the repression of memory, and its influence on society is very interesting, and although the style is very sparse, there is room for imagination of a place where people are controlled by announcements made through a speaker. Memory is the living history of people, and by denying those who live in the community a history, there is nothing to compare actions to.I would recommend this book to teenagers and my students without a second thought, but at the same time I do not think this book is flawless. I struggled to connect with any of the characters in the book, and the narrative was so one dimensional it at times became trying. There was little exploration of secondary characters  there was so much opportunity to create real and tangible characters in Jonas parents and friends, but it is missed. Or at least, to me I didnt think the characters were excellent.There is also the issue of the ending. It seems to be no ending, rather, the author lets the reader decide if Jonas makes it or not. I prefer things to be concrete, but that is simply my own preference."
"This is one of my all-time favorite books. I read it as an adolescent, and later in high school as required reading.As an adult, I once overheard some mothers talking about The Giver. I said ""Oh, I love that book!"" and immediately realized they did not. In their view, it was a horrible piece of trash and there was no WAY their innocent teens could ever be exposed to it. It was the first time I'd thought of someone having that reaction to what I thought was a brilliant piece of literature.So I read some of the 1-star reviews here, expecting to see comments in line with what those mothers said. But most of the negative reviews appear to have been written by students who had to read the book for class. I can only assume writing a review on Amazon was part of the assignment, too. A note to teachers: don't make your students write amazon reviews. If you want to read a million versions of ""This stupid book was so boring,"" at least don't subject the rest of the world to it.Also those forced reviews take away from legitimately critical reviews. There are people who are honestly offended by this book (and not because it's boring). While I disagree with them, I think it's a valid point for a potential reader to consider. If adult themes, including euthanasia, are not something you want to read about, you may not enjoy this book.As for me, I stand by what I said to that group of mothers."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry deals with a community, which seems to be the perfect world, but it's a place without any feelings!!!!I recommend the book to all people!!The background is very serios and important, because many people in our world want to reach an Utopia!(no wars, no hunger, no diseases..)but have you ever thougt about the situation then?? Someday you'll reach the point where no love is existing any more. The consequences of such an Utopia would be a birthcontrol and perhaps a ""deadcontrol"", because there would be too many (sounds stupid !) people on earth !! I found the book very interesting and worth reading it!!But I'd never, never, never want to live in such a world...Imagine---they have no feelings. No love, no happiness, no real friendship, no own choice...NO OWN LIFE!!They are just existing, not really living, because everything in their life is ""planned for them"". What's the sense of their life??Is there really a sense?WHY do they live??Everthing is controlled: Love, climate, landscape, job, children...everything!!!The more I read the book, the more I liked it. I'm german, but at the end it was so easy to read as a german book.I hope that our world will never become such a place to live!!Beware the feelings!!!""For all the children, to whom we entrust the future!""(Lois Lowry)Read it!!!!!!!I recommend the book for everyone, yo guys it's really worth reading it!"
"This was a reread for me.  It was wonderful to experience this book for the second time. My rereading of it did not, in anyway, affect the emotions that come along with reading this book. I still found myself shocked, and in tears through certain passages. Never has a book so rightfully earned its 5 stars on Goodreads.The Giver is set in a Utopian world. Different from the distopian novels that are so popular in the YA world today, . The main character Jonas is intelligent and curious. In this world children receive their job assignments when they are 12 years old. When Jonas is selected as the communities new Receiver, he is unsure what to expect.This story is set in an exquisitely well crafted society. Lowry leaves no stone unturned when describing the way food, family, and jobs are handled in her world. Lowry uses her ""perfect"" world to explain how control and safety can also mean sacrifices. Choices are nonexistent, neither are feelings. Jonas, the main character, takes us on a fascinating journey to find out what this means for humanity. How important are feelings like anger and love? Are they more important than safety, and comfort?The Giver is a must read for everyone. It stands strong as one of my favorite books of all time, and for good reasons. It forces the reader to question the world around them. Thought provoking does not even begin to describe it."
"The Giver, by Lois Lowry, is about a boy who lives in a Community where everything is the same because of something called Sameness. I liked this book because of the job the boy, Jonas, was assigned and how it changes the way he looks at his life and the lives of his family. In December at the Ceremony of the Twelve's, all the Twelve's get their jobs. While the Twelve's where being called on stage Jonas was skipped over. After everyone had their jobs Jonas was called on stage. Jonas had been selected for the most honored job in the community, The Receiver. The Receiver is the person in the Community who holds all the memories from many generations before, and is called upon for  wisdom and guidance. Another reason I enjoyed this book is because of how Jonas's life is so different from what we could imagine, because of Sameness. For instance, everybody in the Community is assigned a job, spouse, and two children, and everybody, with the exception of Jonas, can only see in black and white. They also do not have any hills, mountains, rain, sunshine, or animals and most citizens don't even know they exist. The final reason I enjoyed this book is because of the relationship between Jonas and The Giver, the previous Receiver. He acquires much wisdom and discovers unknown bravery during his time with The Giver. The Giver is a great book for people who enjoy the unusual and stories of bravery."
"The Giver is a really great Science Fiction story!! It is very well written, answering enough questions to keep you satisfied, but leaving enough unsaid that will keep your imagination going strong! The Characters are well-developed, and the story flows along at a good pace. This is the plot: Jonas is a 11-12 year old boy who lives in a very controlled community. There is no disease, poverty, violence, etc. The climate is perfectly controlled, and the landscape is flat and unchanging. Sounds perfect, huh? Not to Jonas. He can't quite pinpoint it, but something in this Utopia isn't quite perfect. The most important factor in Jonas' life, The Ceremony of 12, is fast aproaching. In this ceremony, All 12 year old children will receive there life time job. Jonas has no idea what his will be, but when his job is chosen, it is the thing Jonas least expects. He is chosen to be The Receiver of Memory. This job is filled with honor, and shrouded in mystery. Jonas finds his life is taking an unexpected turn. In this job all memories, from years and years ago, will be passed on to Jonas, painful memories, and memories of joy. As Jonas progresses, he comes to realize what his 'utopia' lacks. And there is no hiding from the choice Jonas now faces. You must read the book to find out what happens!!"
"I read this because my twin grandchildren had to read it for school and their reactions were so opposite and intense that I had to check it out. Wow! The book is set in a very evolved world where every aspect of life is controlled and regulated. Pain of any kind has been eliminated, or can be with a simple pill. Everyone has work, selected for them by the governing council, and there is no hunger and no poverty. Behavior is rigidly controlled. The story is told through the eyes of a young boy, 11 going on 12, which is the age when career assignments are given and they move from children to adults-in-training. This is a very profound book and I'm grateful that at least some schools are requiring kids to read it. At 12, the twins seem to be getting the implications of the book, so much so that one of the twins was totally upset by it. We had some great discussions about where that came from. It may have been written for kids but everyone should read this. It's a more modern 1984, and a interesting take on what the world could look like if we try to eliminate all risk and personal responsibility from our lives.My only negative is that I found the ending very unsatisfying...just hoping Ms. Lowry is going to do a sequel. Nevertheless, this book deserves its ""classic"" status. Now adults like me who were already adults when it was written need to read it, too."
"I don't totally understand how I feel about this book.  Ibelieve that on the outside The Giver is about utopia, the ideal placeto be.  On the inside, however, their community is cruel.  I do likethe fact that everyone is equal but what about individuality?  I mean how can everyone stand to be alike?  I guess it's because they don't know any better but only knowing their one way of life isn't fair. They need to be more educated with life and the outside world. This book kind of reminds me of a cult with their rules, and the way they dress, and getting jobs appointed to them without their consent. I guess if I think about it, the book had to be a good one because I actually read it.  I never read books EVER but I did enjoy reading this one; it just aggravated me.  I can't stand to be like everyone else, well it's not that I can't stand to be like others, I'm just not your average teenage girl.  I just don't totally understand how people couldn't realize that they weren't themselves. They were almost as one person.  I keep complaining about the book but I did like how the Giver gave Jonas memories and how Jonas could give them to Gabe.  I also liked the Ceremonies for the children.  However, I didn't like what they referred to as ""release"" and I didn't like how their lives were just planned for them. They had no choice in anything.  I couldn't live like that!  END"
"If you haven't read the book yet, be careful reading the reviews on this page. Some of them give away a great deal about the plot.The most important theme, to me, was seeing the society through the perspective of its members. From our own society, we look at it and disagree with the rules, the structures, the lack of choice. We see so much that is missing. From within the society, nobody knows that it could be different. It's hard to understand this point of view, but _The Giver_ illustrates it clearly.Another reviewer has complained that the community members could not call their society ""ideal"" because they have no comparisons. He's right to point this out, but in fact the community members never do make that comparison. Life is for them is the same always and everywhere.I can understand parents' complaints about the scenes of killing. I would like to point out, though, that they may be overestimating the innocence of their children. I'm in my thirties now, but I clearly remember that most of my 5th grade class was fascinated by books about the Holocaust. The scenes in _The Giver_ are sterile, emotionless, clean; far from the horrors we hear of in the news.On the other hand, I have no idea why anyone would object to the dream Jonas has early in the book. Sick? No way. It's about the healthiest thing that happens to him."
"I felt obligated to read The Giver, since I'd heard so much about it from friends who teach middle school English, I'd read about it in a number of scholarly articles about Young Adult literature, and it seems to be rising to the level of a YA classic. It's relatively brief, and it's a very quick read, and it seems almost purposely designed to be taught as a middle school YA novel. The futuristic setting in which everyone exists under a doctrine of Sameness in a socially engineered society and children's future occupations are determined for them at the age of 12 by a council of Elders, along with the absence of real emotions, colors, and memories clearly telegraphs a number of ""Important Themes"" that provide very rich fodder for trenchant analysis in middle school literature classrooms. Now, I'm not denying the value of this novel as a staple of 7th and 8th grade literature curricula--if I were still teaching secondary English, I could certainly see myself including this in my school's curriculum. In my opinion, however, the best YA novels are--first and foremost--good novels that will also appeal to young adults (e.g., any of the Harry Potter novels). Genre fiction definitely has its place, but I suspect that most young adults who read this novel read it because it's assigned to them in class and not because it has any kind of intrinsic appeal."
"This is a really thought provoking book, and ventures into a realm that nearly everybody, secretly wants.  It is very high-detailed, yet the plot reads extremely quickly.  There is no fluff.  The ending really made me think, and after I read it, I felt a renewed sense of appreciation for the world we live in.  Read this.  You won't regret it."
My daughter who is a junior high student was reading this book with her class and suggested that I read it. I love to read and I was curious about the book that had my daughter's attention. The movie Jonas's world was introduced I wanted to know more. This is a great story to make you awaken your senses. I love the ending!
"In my opinion, ""The Giver"" was an excellent book.  It dealt with a future that is both frightening in its reality and illuminating in the way their society is run.  Dealing with the story of a growing boy who is about to face his life's job for the first time, Jonas is chosen for the most respected job.  He is the Receiver of Memories, who remembers everything of the history of the race so that the general public doesn't have to.  They live in a world without color, emotion, or choice of any kind - they are even given pills to prevent sexual urges.  Lois Lowry combines the idea of communism to the extreme with the idea that even a twelve-year-old child can change society if he so chooses in a story that makes you appreciate how horrible a life like that could be in comparison to all of the choices we make today."
"This Book is the greatest. It pulled me into it and aroused my curiosity. It made me feel what Jonas, the main character, was feeling. It was incredible how Lois Lowry depicted everything in this story. The way Jonas discovers color, feelings, and love is mind boggling. I can not get over how great this story was."
"The book, The Giver was very interesting.  It made me think of all the problems in our society today, as well as all the problems with a ""Perfect Land.""  it shows how a utopia might not be a utopia without feelings.  This book was a very interesting book, that made me  think about our life today."
"This book is beautiful. I had to read it in middle school, and then read it again multiple times when I was in high school and college. I suggest it to anyone. It really makes you think and it is so easy to relate to the main character. The world portrayed by this author is so vivid! Read and enjoy!"
I did not enjoy this book. I understand the concept of the book. It started out very interesting and just went downhill.  I found one part extremely disturbing. I can not believe this book won a Newberry. I will not let my child read this. It seemed like a knock off of 1984 by George Orwell to me.
"I read this book in the fourth grade. It's the first book I've ever read that's made me cry.I live in Columbia County, Florida. A county not far from here has banned this book in their school system. I think this is a wonderful book and I also think every teenager should read it."
I didn't like it. It did catch my attention from the beginning which kept me reading.  I kept thinking there was more to come. Then suddenly it was over and left you wondering what the purpose of the book was about. I think there was a good message there but wasn't carried thru.
"I don't know why it took me so many years to get to Louis Lowry's ""The Giver."" Although I seek out Newberry Award books for some reason I hadn't come across ""The Giver."" Eventually the title started popping up here and there in conversations. A couple of my children read it and looked thoughtful when I asked them about it. Then the movie came out. I didn't see the movie. I understand reviews were not good. Finally, after reading the naturalistic ""Sister Carrie"" I was looking for something of  a different beat and came across ""The Giver."" It was time.I'm glad that I finally read ""The Giver."" Now I can see where so many lesser YA dystopia genre books came from. Reading ""The Giver"" after reading these lesser books (Maze Runner, Diversity, and such) is like reading everyone else's fantasy before reading Tolkien's ""Lord of the Rings"" Trilogy.Lowry's was a rather refreshing dystopia. I enjoyed the freedom from the usual dystopian horrors of ""do as we say or we kill you or worse."" Yes, I am aware that the ""release"" factor is a force, but Lowry's approach to it is so gentle. The horror of it kind sneaks up on you instead of smacking you in the face. Nicely done.Lowry has done something in ""The Giver"" that I have not seen done in any other dystopia book. When I finished reading ""1984"" I threw the book against the wall. I was horrified at the utter defeat of hope. Clearly the dystopia was worse than the problems that come with freedom. In ""The Giver"" Lowry had me cringing at the thought of these peaceful people going back to the horrors of freedom. I've never had a dystopian writer do that to me before. Of course I am aware that the people in ""The Giver"" are only half-alive and, horrors or not, freedom is the only chance at fully living.I would recommend ""The Giver"" for it's subtle yet powerful questioning of free will versus the half-life and half-happiness of an ensured peace. Still I have a problem with the book--it seems unfinished. I read the part where Jonas escapes from the community with Gabriel and thought, ""the book is really getting started now."" Suddenly I was reading a promo for ""Gathering Blue."" I stopped and looked for the rest of ""The Giver"" on my Kindle Reader. Clearly there had been a malfunction. It took me several minutes and a couple of rereads of the last page to realize that ""The Giver"" was ended. This isn't a case of a good book coming to an end and you wanting it to go on. This was a case of a book ending halfway to the end. Lowry was just getting where she could mature the ideas and concepts of the world she created and she bailed out. Was she tired of the book? Was her deadline up? Maybe she didn't feel she could create the rest of the world. Whatever the case I was left very dissatisfied and disappointed.Someone may try to tell me that this is young adult literature and doesn't need to be as developed as an adult book. I, personally, have never seen the difference between a good adult book and a good young adult book. Lack of development or incomplete development is the same bad thing in any book. If I look at the book less as a novel and more as a mental exercise it works very well. But when I compare it to other Newberry level books such as ""Bridge to Terabithia,"" ""Dicey's Song,"" and ""A Wrinkle in Time,"" ""The Giver"" isn't complete."
"No one can truly review this book because it has many meanings within it that speak differently to different personalities. This is a beautifull book that for most, helps them realize that they shouldnt take things for granted. To some this is religious. To some it is a fake story that would never happen in real life, when some see this as real life painted itno a story. Anyone should read this book because it will open your mind to new thoughts."
"It's a quick read, and an intriguing story. If you liked Brave New World, 1984, or Fahrenheit 451, this should not disappoint. Another  intriguing step into a land in which the powers that be make all the decisions, and lay the foundations of citizens' lives.I wish I had read a book like this in my adolescence. It certainly allows the reader to think outside the box and cherish the free will we so often take for granted."
"I first read this book when I was about nine, and I thought it interesting. I read it again recently, and I thought it truly inspirational and thought-provoking. It is deep and philosophical, discussing issues over society and the problems with a ""utopia,"" the result of a place devoid of true human emotions. I think that this is a wonderful book that will be appreciated by everyone: children, teens, and adults alike. A true classic."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry, was a refreshing change in reality.  This young adult novel is about a boy named Jonas, who lives in a ""perfect"" world. But soon Jonas finds out the world is not so perfect. I liked this story, it was fun and easy reading.  The Giver allows a person to leap into their imagination and see the world in a different way.  I recommend this book for young and old readers.  The Giver is a unique and powerful novel."
"I was introduced to this book as an adult working with adolescents. I could'nt put it down, it was imaginative, yet almost possible!!! It really made you think about how the world could be. It also made me gratefull for my freedoms in a simple yet strong way. I read this boook first on my own then re-read it with my ten year old boy, who loved it!!! As soon as we finished we went looking for its ""sister book"", ""Gathering Blue""."
"This book is wonderful! I read it in my fifth grade class, and I couldn't believe what imagry the story created. The pictures in my mind were so diffferent from my classmates. We enjoyed the descriptions of the Community, and enjoyed what was left for us to imagine. I cannot wait to read the sequel, but even if I don't, I was left satisfied with my wondering about the ending! We found that imagination was the best part."
This is a very good book and I suggest that if you see it in the bookstore you should buy it and treasure it all of your life. I liked that each year the kids get something new like front buttoned jackets and bikes and front buttoned jackets with pockets and how he is chosen and how he doesn't know what snow is and i just suggest that you should BUY THIS BOOK!!!Written by-- Claire R. Davis
"I finished this, because it was so short, but I really didn't like it. The premise was somewhat interesting, but I never cared what happened to the main character, and I was disappointed by the lack of depth of the story. I know it's classified as a YA book, but I'd put it in the elementary school level. Not on a par with, for example, Harry Potter books. More like a step above Henry & Ribsy."
"Disappointing. This book was SO disappointing that it actually motivated me to leave a review.  I've never read a book with such an abrupt, inconclusive, and lack-luster ending.  There were so many opportunities, within the story, for the author to develop scenes, personalities, or actions with much more depth, completeness and description.  I am not inspired, in the least, to read anything else by this author.  Not really sure why it was recommended so highly."
"Pulitzer Prize.I know I'm exaggerating, but it's my opinion. The Giver is likethe biography of a young boy growing up in a Stepford-wife-ishperfect world of rules. When I read it, it didn't feel like I was reading, it felt like I was sitting on the couch of my living room, watching the movie on a eight-foot screen. It'samazing and fictionally truthful"
There were some things that lacked explanation but you could fill it in easily with your imagination.  It was a quick read also.
"The Giver is a very compelling book, which kept my attention focused for hours with its many twists and turns. Jonas is a young man growing up in a futuristic society. Many moments of happiness occur, such as when Father  brings home Gabriel (new child) and when Jonas is able to get Gabriel to  sleep at night.  There are also moments of sadness, such as when Jonas  knows his ""duty"" and when he finds out what is meant by  ""releasing"" someone from the village.  On the day of the  ""Ceremony,"" Jonas has an anxious heart and then becomes fearful  that he is not good enough for an assignment and will be released.  Lowry  really can get to a person's heart with this book.  She makes the reader  think about what life is really about and how much it has to offer.  She  realizes what color and emotion do to a person.  Jonas gets to feel all  these emotions through the Giver when he becomes the Receiver.  He gets to  experience feelings that he has never felt before, and maybe you will too  after you read this book.  I would recommend this book to middle school  and high school readers. The reason I give this book only three stars is  because of doings in the book that are against my beliefs"
"This is the first of four books written by Lois Lowry.  It is written for young adults in a way that they will be pulled into the fantasy world that Lowry has created.  The world that Jonas lives in is presented in a simplistic way for teens to discuss and if they want to delve deeper into the mechanics and governmental working of this Utopian world that is also possible.  You really need to read all four of the books.  In fact I think it is a mistake to read just ""The Giver"" and then criticise the ending.  Lowry knows how to write for her audience, how to make the stories flow in a plausible way (even though it is a fictional setting) and she understands what interests the young adult.I'm also fortunate to be a Grandparent that likes to read Newberry award winners.  It's great to keep up with our youngster's literature."
"This series is not what I expected.  All 4 stories intertwine.  The first and last very closely.  These are stories of a fictional future that is devoid of any and all emotions.  People are produced like vegetables or fruit. Crime, violence, hate, cruelty are nonexistent. As are love, joy, excitement, and passion.  Humans are so empty,  they only see in black and white. Until they don't...... Jonas is a brave child of only 12, who realizes how humans used to live. To save his life, he takes imperfect 1 year old Gabriel, straps him in the baby seat on his father's bike, and rides into the unknown.  For he has begun to see colors,  and feels love for the wee boy. These stories are full of hope, faith, love, and also sacrifice and loss.  They filled me with joy. Everyone please read. When you finish, your heart will overflow."
"Hi my Howard Mamane and my friend Richard Bell are writing this we are in grade 6 this year. Our class read the Giver. We liked it a lot but the ending was not so well done. We think that you could of made a better ending or at least made a continuation because this book could continue for  a little while and make it much better a much book. You could of writin  what would happen if Jonas came back and what happened to Jonas if he died  or made it elsewhere and what was it like  there. I think that you are a  very good other because I have read some other books of yours and they were  great so I think that you could of made the ending a little better because  you have a lot of talent. If it is possible, you should rewrite the ending  of The Giver. I think that you are very talented. If you read this I realy  apreshiat it."
"(...) I didn't know what i wanted, so i asked my best friend.... who has probably read every book in the library by now. anyway, she said that the giver was an excellent book and that i should read it. i decided ""well..... she looks like she knows what she is talking about when she says to read something"" so i checked it out immediatly. i got home and i started reading it. i admit, it starts a little slow, but once you get to chapter 3 you just can't put it down. i'm sure someday they will make a movie about it, so if you aren't a book fan then you could wait until then, but if you read for the fun of it, BUY THIS BOOK IMMEDIATLY!(...) i have also heard that gathering blue is the capanion, so if you buy the giver, make sure you buy that too! i hope you find this review helpful. hope you read it! read more of my reviews!"
"This book is about a boy named Jonas. He lives in a world that's black and white and where no pain ever reached them. When Jonas turns tweleve, he's been given the job as a recivever. The reciever holds all the memories of how life was before. Jonas goes through all this pain, like getting sunburn, poverty, prejudice, ect. Jonas wants the whole world to know how life was before, so he goes on a journey. Will he survive read to find out.This is such a great book. I would recomend it to everone. It's not a very long book, but it shows alot of emotions. I'm glad that my teacher Mrs. Ronning got me more interested in reading. This book really shows you how hard work and dedication will bring you wonders. Even though Jonas had to sacrifice some things for his journey, he has done it for a very good cause.A.V"
"As a book of fiction The Giver is great.  I find that because it shows you to be careful what you wish for. In The Giver the characters can't see any color or are unable to hear music.  They have no freedom of choice in their world.  All because some one made a wish and it came true.  The part that effected me the most is reading about Jonas because he was the receiver of everyone's memories.  He ends up receiving all their pain, but at the same time he also receives their beautiful memories at the same time. At the time the character Jonas is twelve years old so he's pretty young. In the end the decision that Jonas makes is important about himself but to find out about that you have to read the book.  I think that if it left me feeling what if this really happened in our world, I think that you would wonder to."
"The Giver was a required read when I was a freshman in High School. I am so glad I was introduced to this book! This book is set is the future when the world is nothing like it is today. There is no color. Your job is picked for you based on how you act, which the leaders of the society study you as you grow up to determine this. You do not ""Love"" the way most people do. Your spouse is picked for you. Nothing is your choice. The Giver is a special person who holds all the knowledge of how the earth use to be. The giver can see color. The giver knows everything. When a young boy gets picked to become the giver, he has no idea what he is getting himself into, and he learns a few things that will change his future for better or for worse.This is an amazing book. Please read it! You will not be disappointed."
"Jonus lives in the perfect society, no war, no sickness, and no color.  When Jonus turns twelve, he receives his job assignment: the Receiver.  All of the sudden none of the rules apply to Jonus, he can do and say whatever he wants.  His training is the most physically and mentally demanding job  of the entire town, and is assigned every six to seven decades.  He  receives memories from the past from the Giver, in order to counsel the  Elders.  The memories he receives are both pleasant and painful, beautiful  and horrific.  None of the people in the town have these memories because  how would a perfect society react to their not so perfect ancestors.  Many  have failed at becoming the Giver.  Jonus is faced with many tough  decisions that will affect the entire community, the future is entirely up  to him."
"This book is really great for people that think about things in a different way then most people would. I think this book would be pretty confusing for smaller children. The first time I read it, I  was even sort  of confused! It is about a world where everything is the same. There is a  special commitee that makes all of the choices for the people. They choose  the people's occupation, spouse, children and other things. In the  community is a boy named Jonas. When it is his time to recieve what job he  will take on he recives the one called ""The Reciever"" The  reciever is the one person in the community that has memories of all the  things of our world. When Jonas learns the truth of things, he decides to  put things right in his community.  This is a very interesting book that  really makes you think of things in a totally different light. I hope you  enjoy ""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry."
"I loved The Giver! The plot was well organized, and if you don't understand what happens at the end, read the two other books and it will explain everything. It had its moments when the plot was a tiny bit disturbing, but overall, I would definitely recommend this for 5-8th graders. Lois Lowry makes her readers think and imagine what it would be like if you lived in a community where every thing was perfect, politeness was a way of life, and choices were made for you. She writes in an easy to understand, descriptive way that I think all future authors should model their writing after. I think that most people 10-14 would like to read this, would understand the plot and read between the lines, and would be mature enough to read The Giver. (I would warn people about some of the transferred memories, though, some are a bit disturbing, such as war and poaching.Those aren't until later in the book, however.)"
"Jonas lives in a world without choice.  Everything is cared for.  No one goes hungry.  No one feels pain.  To live in this world, the people have given up all their choices and emotions.  The Giver details how Jonas becomes the reciever of memory for his community.  He learns about the pain and the emotions of their past, and he and the giver take action. I found that the book was well written, and rich with symbolics. If you were to look into it deeply you could see what it was telling you.  I did not like however, that the actual story did not seem to have a real solid plotline.  There was no real cause and effect.  There was no reasoning.  It seemed like a bunch of random incidents tacked togeather to create a meaning.  Overall though, it is a good book that will wrap you around it's finger for a few hours and leave you wanting more.  Just wanting a bit too much more for my liking."
"Jonas grows up knowing nothing but the rules.  He has known nothing but right and wrong his whole life.  Growing up in a community where the best is expected and everything is uniform.  Then at the age of 12 everything changes.  At 12 community members get their life assignment.  Jonas is chosen to fulfill the most respected and greatest job, the Giver.  His training  is both painful to the body and to the  heart.  He learns about himself and about what the community is really like not seen by the naked  eye. This story is great if you want to be amazed and are looking for a great read.  The book is packed with adventure and surprise.It is full of twists and turns you will enjoy very much.  It will make you stay up all night reading it and is a real page-turner.  The Giver  is one of the best books I have ever read and I would recommend it to anyone who likes good books and great stories."
"This book,as distrubing as it was, was an excellent sci-fi book that, though odd, makes us all see that there is not, on the Earth we know, a place where everything is perfect as we can not know true happines or pleasure without first expiriancing pain and suffering. Jonas makes me think more, though this is a reach, more about the freedom of choice, for in the Community, there is none. The book striked as a powerful reminder that there is not a better world than that the one we live in, for there would be no happieness if it were the same as the Community, and no feelings. Without feelings, we are not human, and the people in this book scared me that some day there really may be a place that comes around here or in some other life where there are no feelings, color, or, most importantly, love.I also recommend, Harry Potter, The Lord of the Rings and The Price of Immortality (AWESOME BOOK)"
"The book started off so interesting. I was completely hooked on it and considered it to be the first book on any required reading list to be actually good or worthwhile. Please understand, I love books. I adore them and I can usually smell a bad one a mile away. This book, however, surprised me. You are started off in such an interesting world with so much of a back story left unexplained in the beginning. So, naturally, you would think that this story ends with some sort of ending thought the connects it to modern society. What in fact happened was a boy ran away from home, hid in the woods, the end. What? Talk about a book with so much potential with such a disappointing ending. I started the next book to see if it would shed some light upon what I just read. Nope. Instead I get an unbearably boring sequel that I was forced to ditch after the tenth page. I would not highly recommend this book."
"The Giver offered a world some people long for and others will fear. The people in the book believe they live a perfect society. No one wants for basic needs like food and shelter. Everyone has an assigned job, and knows what events they should experience with each stage of their life. Everyone is essentially the same. Only one person knows all of the beauty and sorrows of the world, the Giver. And he is about to give that knowledge away to Jonas, the new receiver. As Jonas gains knowledge and memories from the Giver, he begins to worry about all that the community gives up in order to acheive the sameness they live in. Is the lack of fear about war and poverty worth the loss of color and love?This book will make you think about the changes in our own society, and what they might bring. A great way for kids to learn about different social issues as well. I recommend reading it as a family."
"This book, The Giver, is a pretty ok book I guess. In some parts you get confused because Lois Lowry didnt really explain it that well. In some chapters it made me want to think ahead of what was going to happen next. In the beginning the book was pretty boring. However it was ok later on.  This book makes you think of your own pictures in your head. Some things in the book shocked  me like Jonas recieved  memories and the punishment Babies and the Old's got.  This book has very good vocabulary words, that some of them you have to look up while your reading ( unless you know the word) i recomened this book for kids starting from the age 12. Even so in that age, you will get confused a little. Lowry says something doesnt exist like war and the weapons, but later on it says that Asher and other friends were playing with imaginary ""WEAPONS"". Overall this book is very interesting..."
"This has to be the creepiest young adult book I've ever read. Reminiscent of books like Brave New World, Anthem and 1984, it is set in a fictional future world in which ""Sameness"" is the order of the day, even to the point where color has been leached from the world. All choice is removed from society and everything is rigidly controlled by a group called the Elders -- clothes, appearance, occupation, family relationships, breeding -- and no deviation is permitted. The main character is a boy named Jonas, who begins to question why his world functions as it does and whether doing so makes sense when he is given the highly unusual occupation of Receiver of Memories, pursuant to which he becomes one of only two people in his entire community with knowledge and awareness of how the world was in the past. This is a great book, chilly in its implications and shockingly easy to imagine."
"The Giver is a book about a boy named Jonas who lives in a town with laws about sameness.  Sameness is when every thing is the same; the same colour, the same weather, the same landscape.  Jonas's Ceremony of Twelve is coming up. This is when he is assigned his job.  He is very apprehensive, as he has no idea what job he will be assigned.  Jonas knows that once he gets assigned his job, everything will change; his recreation time with his best friend Asher and the importance of his school work.I really enjoyed The Giver because Lois Lowry is a very good author and the plot and characters are very unique.  It was a book that I really got into, and I finished it in a few hours, I was so caught up in it! I would recommend this book to anyone looking for a really good read.  The Giver might be a little challenging for fairly young readers, but it is ideal for stronger readers."
"The Giver is one of the most fascinating books that I have ever had the good luck to read.  My introduction to The Giver was in sixth grade and I am still enjoying it six years later.  Lois Lowry writes in a way that, no matter how many times you read the story, each time you get something else out of it.  She presents a strange and almost utopian land that is on one level a deeply enriching story about a boy growing up, and on another level profound with a deep philosophical slant.  What is more important, an ordered controlled life free from pain and sadness, or a world with joy and happiness but also pain?  Is erasing our differences with political correctness a good thing?  Can there ever be a perfect society?  The book does not give any answers, but like any good philosophical text, it points the way."
"I hear that they are making a movie of this book that should come out by 2011.  I only wish 2 things: 1)they don't take so many liberties; 2)that it would come out sooner, Christmas 2009, perhaps.  I really don't know why I like this book.  I've never read its ""adult counterpart"" 1984 by George Orwell.  It is a Newberry award winner.  While I read many Newberry winners as a child, I didn't read this one until I was grown.  Maybe that's good because some things about this book may shock children.  It is very cerebral until the end, not your usual children's book, in my opinion.  I guess I enjoy it because it is disturbing and also hopeful.  It teaches readers of any age to appreciate things that we now take for granted and gives us a look at what life would be like without them.  A Dark but Wonderful Read!"
"I found The Giver to be an extremely satisfying book for several reasons.  Firstly, it wasn't a long and boring story.  It was easy to read and ""flowed"" rather well.  Plus, there was enough actions or  situations to keep you interested through the books entirety.  Also, the  words used were very easy to comprehend.  It is quiet clear that Lowry  wrote the book not for ""prestige,"" but for the purpose of  conveying a message.  Secondly, the story's plot was very interesting.  It  addressed several points about society, or concepts that I find myself  contemplating at times.  After reading this book I came to the realization  that there probably is no perfect society, there will be some flaws in  every situation.  The story also made me appreciate certain things such as  emotions, individuality, and the freedom to make my own decisions.  It also  makes me realize that rules are made to protect, but can easily take away  peoples rights when over-used.  Over-all, I would highly recommend this  book to anyone who enjoys thinking, and has just a few hours to spare.  Lowry obviously followed the famous old saying, ""keep it short and  sweet!"""
"I am currently a college student, and this book has remained my favorite since I read it in fifth grade.  I am a reading fanatic but have yet to find a better, more captivating, relevent, or touching story.  Lowry has an immense ability to add subtle political commentary while handling situations with tact and delicacy.  The character depth is amazing.  I can't even recommend this book highly enough.  I've forced all of my friends to read it, and they thank me countless times over.  I showed it to my mom who now uses it as part of her fifth grade curriculum.  It is the only book that every single one of her students enjoys.  None of them want to stop reading.  Still, my friends find the story engrossing-- it is highly developed and touching.  Do yourself a favor and read this book, you won't forget it."
"This book, The Giver, is written by the well known author Lois Lowry.  She is a very talented author and has won many awards for this book.  This book takes place in a ""perfect"" community.  It is run by commity of  elders.  They make all the decisions for the community because they think  that they will make the wrong decisions in life.  When you become a nine,  which is your age, you receive a bike.  When you becaome a twelve you will  receive an assignment which is just like yoiur job.  Jonas is picked to be  the receiver of memories which is a very honorable job.  The giver must  give the receiver the memories.  Jonas gets all the feelings that he has  never felt before.  He desperately wants to see the real world.  Overall  this book was not to good.  It was very hard to keep reading it."
"I'd say ""The Giver"" would be satisfactory and very adequate. You might be bored at first but read a little bit more and you'll want to read it until the end. Though, if you're more into straight forward books that build to the climax quickly,don't read this book. The Giver's climax isn't that high. I recommend it to people 8 and up (mature 8 and up). I'm not trying to spoil anything but there is the mention of their way of murder in this so called ""perfect"" world and also some ""romantic"" situations. At the end it raises a question in suspense but I'm not telling you. After you're done with The Giver, you can read other books by Lois Lowry like, ""Son"", ""The Gathering"", and ""Blue stars"" (I think that's the name). Anyway, I think it's a fantastic suspense novel and recommend reading the other books too."
"I read this book about 5 years ago at the age of 12 or a little younger. I thought It was amazing. I love the ""utopian"" community idea Lowry used. I loved how the boy in the story was the only one who got to see the memories of colorful sailboats and happy thoughts and music. I cried when the boy gave the baby a memory of a colorful sailboat to comfort him. The last chapter is my absolute favorite. I really do advise you to read this book and other books by Lois Lowry. I'm also in love with her book Gathering Blue which has the same ""utopian"" society. I read that book years ago too and fell in love with it. Come to think of it I should reread it sometime.thank you for you time,Loranp.s.- definitely read this book and Lowry's other book  Gathering Blue."
"The Giver is an amazing book.  Not only is the plot incredibly original, but it almost seems believable.  The characters are not the same as the people in real life, but it almost seems that you can relate to them.  Lowry does a great job of creating mood and thickening the plot.  Jonas  still had a lot to learn as the Receiver, and I think that others can  relate to that, too, for the fact that learning never stops.  Learning  continues no matter the age.  The ending lacked a few qualties, as in a  total solution to the problem.  You are kind of left hanging at the end.  The concept of the society may be a little harder for younger children to  understand, I would recommend this book for children over 12.  I thought  that this was a great book, and everyone should have the chance to read it."
"I had thought this book was in the YA genre.  I had no idea it was meant for Children as young as 8 or 10!  It was written like a book I would have read in elementary school.  When at that age you don't care about plot or character development or the fact the story just ends.  How could over 4000 positive reviews be wrong..Oh, how they are wrong.Even the bad reviews that mentioned the lack of ending I said to myself...""Well it's just a first in a series We'll get resolution in the other books.""  WRONG!  It just ends. We will never find out what happens in the town after they leave. What happens to Gabe & Jonas in Elsewhere.  How this world was created.  There is no conclusion.  Why would I read the other books when I was so horrible disappointed in this one?It's been a while since I read a book that has left me so frustrated.  Hopefully this review can save others, although with the 4,000 (5) star reviews I think not."
I really think this book was great because it made me thinkthat maybe very far away that there might just be a utopia somewhere.When I was reading the book I could see pictures in my head that what Jonas might look like or what father and mother might of looked like to.  The author really explains things like what emotions are felt and even the objects that are held he explains them to the fullest.  Like I said that it made me think alote about life without any memories of love hate or even felling of family to me I think that would be really hard to live without.  What I really would hat is not picking what kind of job you would have also not having feelings for other people. I really liked the ending but lucky for you your just going to read it yourself.  Oh and one more thing have fun.
"This is a fabulous book!  When this book first came out, I read the reviews and decided that I needed to read this one, even though I am an  adult.  It was very good!  I couldn't wait for my daughter to become old  enough to read it as well, she was in the 3rd grade at the time.  Well, my  daughter read the book this last year and she now lidts it as one of her  favorite books as well, right up there with ""The Phantom  Tollboth"", ""A Wrinkle in Time"" and the Harry Potter books!  What makes this book so wonderful, is that it makes you think beyond the  black and whites in life.  It helps put importance on memories of pain and  sadness as a necessary part of hapiness.  I would strongly recomend this  book to anyone from the 5th grade and up!"
"I had to read The Giver for my Magic and Ritual class.  The book was not without its charm, but for me, living in that world would be a personal hell.  I would go insane!  The fact that the persons in that book had no choices, independence and among many other things they couldn't even mature at their own rate.  That book goes against every thing that i believe in, except the fact that the kid had enuf guts to run away.  As for the technical side of the book, it was one of the most poorly written books that I have ever read.  The plot jumped around, you couldn't follow it.  Too much responsibility was left to the reader. All in all, i would not recomond this book to anyone."
"Words Aren't FairBy Martha J. BieryAs a teacher of reluctant readers, I am always looking for a book that will spark the interest of my students - and this book is it! One of the most valuable traits of this book, beyond the lessons inside, is that the author allows the reader to make his/he own images with minimal information. What a gift to students who live in a world that loves to give them masses amd masses of visual stimuli! The minute my students try to imagine this gray world full of rigid rules and strange customs, they are creating their own images. And that's what sucks them in! One student went from a passive reader to a jumping jack, full of thoughts and ideas to share. This is my NO.1 book for middle schoolers."
"Wow.  Where do I begin describing a story as gripping and well written as Lowry's ""The Giver""?  As you already know, this is my favorite book.  I just read it a few months ago and finished it in three days flat.  I would have finished it sooner, but unfortunately, I didn't have every  free moment to read.  I dont't care what anyone says about the ending...it  was great.  Besides, with all this praise, I expect Lowry will write a  sequel.  I hope.  I also reccomended this book to my mother, and she found  it as enjoyable as I did.  Please buy this book.  Even though some classify  it as sci-fi, I classify it as a novel reaching into a human soul, and  pulling out real emotions in a world oblivious to feelings.  Don't let this  book pass you by."
"The narrator did a great job on this book. It was read very well and i was surprised at how good it was. I liked it a lot. The book ""The Giver"" is written for adults and children. It starts off very suave and almost irritating but then the plot thickens. Lois Lowry is an extremely educated writer and he knows his vocab, that's for sure. This book deserves more than it got. It had a smaller following than i would have thought.If you were interested in Harry Potter or Lord of the Rings than you shouldn't expect the same thrills as those books. This book is a fantasy but not like those at all. It involves a community where nothing goes wrong and everything is so perfect. The way the children talk to eachother is the most interesting thing."
"Amazing book, period.  It shows a futuristic society and a young boy's plight within it.  He is chosen to be a special kind of savior for the society, and the book chronicles how he deals with that responsibility/burden.  The boy lives in a utopia, but of course utopia is not possible and he is the only one who sees the shortcomings in his society.  It is a struggle for him to be the only one who understands these things.  This is the kind of book that you cannot put down; every time I have read it has been in one sitting.  It's short enough so that you can do that, but such a powerful story is packed within it.  When people ask me my favorite book ever, this one invariably comes to mind first.  If you haven't read it, you are missing out on a lot."
"A life with... no color, no choices and no love.  The community that Jonas lives in, lives without those and many other things.  The people in that community have no clue what those things are and Jonas doesn't either until he becomes a 12 and receives his job assignment.  In this community you have no choices, you look basically like everyone else, you don't decide your job, or who you're going to marry.  Pretty much your whole life is decided by the elders in the community.  Jonas is assigned to a rarely given job, Receiver of Memories.  He gets the good memories, like snow, colors and love.  But Jonas can't take the memories of war and pain.  What is he going to do! I would recamend this book to anyone, but it is kind of disturbing at times."
When I read The Giver I was a little confused in the begining. This book is about a young boy who is given the chance to take over a very important role in his community. He learns a lot from his experience and decides to make a very important decision. I would recomend this book to anyone who enjoys sci-fi or fictional type of stories. I didn't enjoy this book as much as I would a more kind of sci-fi horror type of book. I do like fiction but not this kind of fiction. To me this kind of fiction is unrealistic and kind of immature. Some parts of this book did suprise me and the book does kind of keep you on your feet wondering what is going to happen next but I do have to say that this was not a favorite of mine but might be for someone else.
"I was loving this book.  Great atmosphere and creation of new society.  Really good characters.  At The society is totally scripted, At with requirements for instant apologies, dinnertime exploration of feelings and debugging drams in the morning.  At age12, each child is assigned his profression, our hero is given the job of Rememberer.  There is only one Rememberer, who holds all the memories at a time, so his teacher the last Rememberer becomes the giver.After working together a year, the two decide to give the memories back to the populace. Why?  Now they can learn about color and snow and love.  But they are also exposed to pain and war and hunger.We Don't know how the society reacts, because the book just ends."
"The Giver is a book about a boy, Jonas, living in an idealistic society. I enjoyed this book because it made me think. It was also, in my opinion, well written and quite interesting. Other people who wrote reviews stated that the book ""was boring,"" ""wasn't appropriate for children,"" or ""was poorly written."" One even said that this book would turn kids off from reading. Some books are written to make you think, not to make you go off and buy the sequel. I liked the simplicity, too, and thought it reflected the society in which the book took place. Personally, I would recommend this book to a person who has the ability to think about somewhat deep topics. Regardless of your age or gender, The Giver is a book that will leave you thinking."
"The Giver is a thought provoking story about a world where color and emotions have been removed because feelings can cause pain. As the young people come of age they are assigned to their occupations.  Jonas is apprenticed to the Giver, a man who holds the memories of the world as it really was with all the color, joys and sorrows of life. He passes these memories and sights on to Jonas.  Jonas's first experience with color is an amazing piece of writing.  Jonas comes to understand the truth about his society.  Old people, sick people and non thriving babies are ""terminated."" As his horror and outrage grow, he decides to save the life of a baby slated for ""termination."" Their breathless escape leads up to a final unforgettable image.Readers who want more ""closure"" can read Lowery's other books about this world: Gathering Blue, 2000 and Messenger, 2004.News stories seem to be right out of The Giver these days. Novels provide an safe avenue for family discussions about important issues.At some point in high school students will read George Orwell's 1984. The Giver is an introduction to the concept of a dystopia. I am so glad my children had an opportunity to read Lowery's book before grappling with 1984."
"This was a very interesting read, despite the extremely simple language Lowry used, as it is on a relatively low reading level.  The Giver appeared to be used as a tool to point out things in our society that we take for granted and also to show what life would be like if we were to try to create the world in this book.  Many people dislike pain, however Lowry shows through The Giver that pain is a necessary evil of life and something that cannot just be done away with.  She indirectly shows the importance of differences in our lives.  Another very important aspect is the reader's shock when he/she comes across things and ideas that are expected in this fictional world, but happen to be the characters had never heard of.  The Giver is, in my opinion, a very good book with many different levels and should not only be read a younger age but also by older readers so that the full value and concept of the book can be understood.  Lowry presents a very important message about our society and culture and the dangers of assimilation in a very unique way.  Although I feel that the ending could have been far better, for there were so many things the author could have done, I believe it was an overall well-written book."
"The Giver is much like other futuristic Utopian society novels.  In fact, there are some parallels to 1984.  What 1984 lacks (more love, more positive emotion), however, The Giver more than possesses.  In a way, I suppose this could be 1984 from a child's myopic perspective.Jonas is a young boy who can't wait for his next birthday, the day he gets to find out about his future occupation.  All children are told what they will do for their occupation.  It's a society in which there are nearly no choices, no fear, no love, no feelings.  Along with that, unfortunately, is the fact that other simple pleasures and common knowledge is lost on the majority of society.  It will be Jonas' job to remember everything that the others do not have to remember, that which they can't even comprehend.The book reads quickly with very few lulls.  It's definitely a ""can't put down"" book.  In the end the reader is allowed to make a choice, to decide how the purposefully ambiguous ending is supposed to conclude.  It is up to each reader to determine whether or not the tale is sad and gloomy, or happy and optimistic.The Giver is a wonderful story for nearly all ages."
Over rated by all the publicity....I was having a tough time continuing to read it. Maybe I am not cerebral enough to understand all the hype.I get it...so...........nothing new for me.
"Like many other students, I was assigned to read The Giver two years ago, when I was in the seventh grade. I figured it would be like all the other stories that students are often required to read - boring, meaningless, and leaving the reader nothing but a feeling of gratefulness that the book is finally complete. However, I immediately knew that The Giver was different. Many stories, especially those assigned to students, are hard to get involved with, but I was intrigued with the Giver right from the beginning. It was almost addicting, and gripped me from the provocative beginning to the vague but suspenseful finish. Since we had only a classroom set of The Giver, we were not permitted to take a copy home, so when I went to the bookstore that weekend I sneaked a peek at the chapter to come. When my younger sister, now in seventh grade herself, was given the same assignment, I couldn't help but to take her copy away from her and read it again. Two years later, I continue to be impressed by how Lois Lowry's tone drives you to become part of Jonas' community of Sameness, helps you to experience the memories he receives, and even causes you to feel his joy, his wisdom, and his pain."
"The Giver is the story of a supposedly Utopian society.  In this community all the residents are exempted from all feeling such as love, pain, and hunger.  The residents believe that they live a life nothing short of perfection.  It is up to a young man named Jonas to hold the memories of emotions while he is guided by The Giver.  What will Jonas discover about his ""perfect"" world and how will it affect the society?It may seem difficult up for the first ten or eleven chapters to feel the true excitement and suspense of this beautiful novel, but be patient; you will understand why the novel is set up like this as you approach the middle and the end.One of the true beauties of this book is that it really gets people to appreciate the world they live in.  We all suffer but would we really want to give up all that makes us human in exchange for a pain-free life.  The novel grapples with this question in unique and captivating ways.I did the feel like the end was a bit rushed, but it did not have much of an effect on my enjoyment of the book.  Other than that there was not many real foibles in this book, and the chapters were short and easy to read."
"Many of my friends read The Giver in elementary school, but somehow I missed that boat, so I decided to read it now (freshman in college). I really enjoyed it. Though harshly realistic at times, this dystopian novel is entertaining. The concept of a utopian community causes readers to really evaluate their philosophies and what is truly valuable in our own societies. When I was younger, I really enjoyed the Shadow Children series which I think can be compared with The Giver. Thinking I had 7% left in the book, I was very surprised when I turned the page and it was over. The remaining 7% was the first chapter or two of the next book in the series. I understand why the author leaves the reader hanging and how it's supposed to cause the reader to think a little more in depth, but I was left feeling empty with this conclusion. I just felt like Lowry had so much to build upon and so many loose ends to tie that the end deserved a little more resolution. I've received hints that the sequels are much the same, so I think I won't finish the series. Overall, I believe it to be well-written and thought-out, and I'm glad that so many elementary school teachers read this to their students."
Cannot understand the fact this book is so widely acclaimed.  I felt as though someone had a bad dream and wrote it down.  Read it at your own risk.  I definitely do not recommend it.
"Try to imagine a huge idea of a team of twisted scientists come to life: solitary, colourless, perfect communities. No one is stressed, no one is hateful, and everyone ACTUALLY uses precise language ( Eh-hem, unlike some places now... ). However, all this changes when one Utopian citizen, Jonas, is selected to ""recieve"" memories of the past, when pain was inevitable, and love was treasured, not called ""obsolete and general.""  I am 12-going-on-13, and have read The Giver for 7th Grade. But, oh, how it has touched me. There is something about Lowry's admirable writing that is slightly sci-fi and simple, but extremely beautiful. I've probably read this book 6 times over already, and my teacher has indicated my potential as being a Receiver of Memory, like Jonas ( don't ask ).  This book is UNDENIABLY thought-provoking and an amazing treasure. It will keep you thinking about our world again and again, how such SIMPLE things like hugs and music and COLOUR should be treasured. The Giver definetely deserves 5 stars of 5!P.S: Read ""The Face of Love"" by Apple Pie on Fanfiction.net. I SWEAR, you are NOT a Giver fan until you've read it."
"I couldn't get too far into this book without seeing direct parallels to the earlier work by the author of Brave New World, in his book, ""This Perfect Day"".  Injections to keep dystopian society docile and controlled... It was already done by a sci-fi master.  Don't understand how people didn't see what appears to be a rip off of a sci-fi classic by a sci-fi master?"
"I have loved this book for years and years; I've read it many times since childhood and even wrote several papers on it in graduate school (I studied the teaching of writing and literature with a focus on young adult literature). This is the first time, however, I've listened to it. While the performer is great as The Giver and the narrator, his Jonas voice is a little annoying, but the worst part of the audio recording is the unnecessary and often misplaced music played in the background. It takes away from the story and adds very, very little, if anything, to the narration. I listen to audiobooks daily and love it, but I do not recommend The Giver as an oratory experience - at least not this version."
"I love books about a dysopian society, and this may be one of my favorite books next to Hunger Games.  This book is thought provoking and shows what can go wrong when a Society strives to make everything the same, without any hurt, loss, and tries to protect a human being from everything including the good and the bad experiences in life.  I truly LOVE this book. It's not long, but the words the author uses are so powerful and commanding.  I would recommend this to everyone, especially those who love books about the future.  It shows the importance of giving people the freedom to make their own choices, even if those choices sometimes cause pain or maybe the wrong choices.  At least they have freedom."
"This book is wonderful!! All the people who wrote one, two, or three star reviews didn't understand the concept of the book! I am in middle school and i got this book. When i started it, it was confusing but if you keep reading, you get the since that Ms. Lowry doesn't give away everything-and that makes it such a great book. YOU have to fill in the pieces. About the concept of releasing though-it isn't good for children under 5th grade, but it isn't as gory as many percieve. At first i didn't think of it as a gross thing by the actual process, but the fact that one of the main characters didn't give a care about it! This book it great, and just needs to be looked at in a different way than most. = )"
"To highly enjoy this book you must learn the symbols of they objects in this story such as the meaning of colors, the Adam & Eve story, the meaning of the apple (which you should learn about by reading Of Adam & Eve). Once you know what all these things when this story will make complete sense and also have you enjoy it highly! I'm 15 and had this book as a classroom project after the first 3 chapters I COULD NOT PUT IT DOWN! It's that good! I highly recommend it to anyone of any age who wants a heart wrenching beautiful story. This story is non-bias due to the fact that nothing separates anyone from anything except for the jobs in this book. Which makes you think, like I said I highly recommend it!"
"In ""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry, the 12-year- old Jonas is selected to be the Reciever of Memory in a community without colours, feelings and freedom. During the training for his assignment, he realizes that it can  not go on like this with the community and he tries to change it. Normally,  I would not read such a book, because I don't like science-fiction stories.  I read it at school and in my oppinion, the book ist quite good. It makes  you realize how life would be without natural things like colours or love.  The only thing I did not like much was the end. I think the story ended too  fast and I consider the end too vague. But all in all I think the book is  absolutely worth reading."
"Lois Lowry's book, The Giver, is set in a utopia with no colour, music, feeling and they have no choise in what they do. They are assigned. When Jonas begins his training with The Giver, he is exposed to pain, colour, love and sadness. Jonas is not allowed to talk about his training to anyone so he must bare all of these feelings for himself. He learns the real truth about his community. Jonas can't stand to live in his community any longer and he and the Giver devise a plan. This plan could lead Jonas to his death, or lead Jonas to a life of love, colour, and possibly even pain.  Steph K. 7R C.C.P.S"
"I thought that this book was very good. It had that classic idea that the government will eventually own everything, including our memories. I don't know if I neccissarily agree with the idea of our government eventually becoming totally Nazi-ish but it's definately a possibility. There is also is the very interesting idea that people can hold other people's memories. While I have heard some folklore that poked at this idea, I have never read another book that so clearly and accurately depicted this idea in story format. All in all this is a good book and I would recommend it for children and adults, although some of the deeper aspects of the book might be hard for very young children to grasp."
"I read this book when I was in elemetary school and again in high school. I bought my own copy after reading it the second time. This is a great book for all ages.The story is set in a world with no pain, war, color,love, or emotion. When children reach a certain age, they are given jobs chosen by the elders. Jonas, the main character, is chosen to be the ""receiver."" His job is to receive all the memories of things like color, snow, cold, war, and love; the memories that no one else in this little world know. The question the book raises is, Are the good things in life worth the pain that comes with it? Read it to find out what you think, and what Jonas decides."
"This book is really interesting. It was an assigned book during the course that I took in summer. I when I first start reading the book it was kid of boring, but later the events attracted me to read it. Sometimes I read this book on the train while I am going to my class. One day I was almost miss my stop because this book made me live in its story.Especially, the part when Jonas had discovered the truth about the release, and had seen his father had released new child. However, the end is still confusing.I am thinking to read this book one or maybe two more time, for I Enjoyed reading it. I wondered why some authorities are frightened from keeping this book available for schools."
"I'm not going to dig into the meaning of this book or what the author tries to pass to us. What I will comment on is that about 15 years ago, I was assigned to read this book for school. It was the first book that I literally didn't get bored with in the early chapters and actually wanted to continue reading. It was the first book that I willingly finished reading on my own decision. This book engraved itself into my memories and after this many years, I decided to finally read it a second time. It read a lot easier now than back then but the impact (even the impact of the details that I remembered) was just as significant and meaningful as the first time I read it those many years ago."
"I've read The Giver twice now for school. I think it is an okay young adult book, but I don't really recommend it for younger kids. I read it in elementary school and again for a senior class. I think it is extremely important that Lois Lowry questions the structure of society with ""The Community,"" but I feel that her ambiguous ending is a bit of a cop-out. While it leaves for many stimulating open ended questions, I feel that if you are lucky enough to articulate yourself into a book, and send create message to anybody (even yourself), that you should be complete. What I mean is that Lois Lowry posed questions about society, but didn't attempt at all to answer them. Anyone can ask a question, but who is gifted enough to find the answer? Being the punk that I am, I can't help but be interested in ideas about the ""cure"" or ""better answer"" to our global conception of society."
"This novel is a short, but enjoyable, gem by author Lois Lowry. The science fiction/dystopian setting is interesting, characters are well-potrayed, and the Community's laws and customs are explained well. The only gripe I have is the ending.The ending does not necessarily make a book good or bad overall, but is still one of the most important features. The ending to this novel is somewhat rushed. Not only does it occur quickly, but is also left off almost as a cliffhanger, as not much is given to explain what happens.Some reviewers complain of the novel's disturbing scenes. In reality, only a few moments are upsetting, and only one made me cringe, but it was brief. Overall this book is a great, short read for most people."
"After reading this book years ago, I came across the title when searching for a book for a younger cousin.  This book is capable of conveying several observations without requiring a thousand pages to do it.  This ability is very similar to how Billy Budd and Bartleby, the Scrivner(in my opinion)far surpasses Moby Dick as the best of Herman Melville, yet both are often overlooked for their compact size.  This book is far too oftern overlooked as being a ""children's"" book.  I believe as an ""adult"" it is these terms which narrow the mind.  It is as absurd as considering Oliver Twist just for children. As far as the plot goes, consider this the ""youth-friendly"" version of Ayn Rand's Anthem. It is an excellent read; heavy, yet hopeful."
"I was looking through this site, and I decided to look up reviews on The Giver. I was appauled to find so many bad reviews!The Giver is one of the best books I ever read. Those who didn't understand it, or thought it was too advanced for young readers, DID NOT fully understand it! While, I admit, there was violence, and the like, it was realted to the storyline, which makes it all right. And too those who say that parents 'should not let thier children read this book', or something like that- I read it at 10 WITH my mother, who urged me to read it. So it really depends on the parent, the child's level of reading, and personal taste.But hey, I'm justr a 14-year-old kid. What am I doing, telling these adults what I think?"
"I love this book ""Giver"" its one of the best books in the world, I believe that in the future we just might have real communities like this one. The Giver is about a boy named Jonas who lives in a black and white world, in others words a ""controlled Community."" Every year at the age of 12 you would get your assigned job that you get for the rest of you life! Jonas gets a very special job that requires so much from a little boy, the Job Jonas gets is called a Receiver, as the Receiver you consist of memories from centuries ago. You would get memories of Violence,pain, sadness, happiness, snow, and even as little as color. The end of the book is the most exciting yet the worst part, because you don't want the book to be over."
One of the best books i have ever read if not the best an amazing story i would reccomend this book to kids and adults of all ages
This novel is a brilliant work with deep insight into the future should humanity continue to try to control nature.  There are unfortunate things that happen and that is just as important and exciting a part of life as anything else.The book gives us a look at the moral choices of a 12 year old boy that makes decisions that todays adults should be proud to have such integrity to choose.  The ending is absolutely brilliant.  It allows the reader to think whatever he or she chooses happened to Jonah.  Lois Lowry herself said that the end is up to the reader.If you haven't read this book do.  It is far above its reading level.  Every adult out there should take in this quick read - it has a heart we all need.
"This story made me think of the old movie ""green sun"".  It should make everyone react at his/her level without any age distinction but mostly teenagers.  No robot in the futurist story, just human conditioned and controlled (by who?) at the extreme.  It is wonderfully explained how one ends up not questioning the system and how he/she can escape it.  The end is splendid except for a ""prop"" which appears from nowhere.  This excepted, the book is beautiful.  I strongly recommend it to everyone over 13.  I warranty parents they won't hear ""I'm bored"" or ""I have nothing to do"" the time of this book reading and may be thinking of :).  For grown ups, it is a fabulous and clear reply to Finkenkraut's ""Vain memory"".Claude"
"I read this book in the seventh grade and totally overlooked its importance. I only read it because my teacher made me. Well I joined a book club and this was the first book on our list. I went to the library and picked it up. When I got home I opened the book and finished it in a matter of hours.I must say this book is amazing. A utopian society absent of color, books, animals, and sex. EEekkk!!! I can't say I could live in a world like that. The story of the giver debunks any chance of humans living in a utopian society. I believe that Lois Lowry predicted accurately that in order to live in a world of peace we would have to live in a world filled with sameness.Definitely a good read, highly recommended!"
"In this day and age, disappointment and unhappiness is rampant in our society. Every once in a while, someone has to wonder, ""Why can't everyone just be happy?"" Well, The Giver shows a world where everyone is. There is no pain, no war, no hunger, and no divorce. Everything is perfect. Or is it? Lois Lowry gives readers a look into a world of the not-so-distant future, where every aspect of life is regulated so that everyone can be happy. Twelve-year-old Jonas discovers the faults in this system all too soon, as he embarks on his journey into adulthood and into the community. He soon discovers the web of lies, ignorance, and shallow feelings that will shape mankind forever... unless he does something about it."
"I absolutely loved this book! i haven't read anything by Lois Lowry since i was a pre-teen and i am so glad to have revisited her! This is a phenominal story of a boy's journey and growth. In a community based on sameness he has the courage to break free and make a difference, although  he has to abandon everything he has ever known. it's amazing, it appealed  to my science-fiction side as well as the side that loves a good,  interesting story about humanity.  The book isn't a lesson, it's a  journey... almost like the memories the protagonist receives. This is must  read, contemporary classic, if there is such a catagory!  Enjoy. (PS- does  anyone know if there is a sequel?)"
"I am a fifth grade teacher and read this novel silently during Reading Workshop.  Each day, reading workshop would last longer and longer because I was so absorbed in the book.  Many of my students inquired about this book while I was reading it during Reading Workshop.  I told everyone who asked that it was an absolutely wonderful book; however, I also only recommended the book to those students who had an open mind.  The book has some deep topics that might frighten some parents when they find their child is reading this book.  However, as a parent, myself, I wouldn't discourage my own child from reading it.  I love books that make you think.  This is one of those books."
"This was an interesting story, but started a little slow for me. The story is much more interesting at the twelves' ceremony, and the following events. The concept of The Receiver role in the community was interesting. The approach to the community is very interesting, because it definitely does not seem like most people would enjoy it. However, the struggles of life outside the community seem like they could be worse at times.I did not care for the ending, though. I felt a little cheated without a bit more resolution. I might read the next installment in the series at some point, but I am not in a hurry like I was for Harry Potter or A Song Of Fire and Ice."
"I completely forgot about this book until I heard someone mention it one random day. Then I remembered that I had read it in 7th grade. This book was still great the second time around! The author does an incredible job of describing the scenes throughout the story. You are in touch with the main character Jonas, you feel what he is going through. I especially liked when Jonas first discovered colors, and how he was now viewing his life, and community. The story makes you wonder if we as humans are missing out on something really special in the our world. Just like Jonas had when he first realized love, and how his community didn't know how to understand the concept."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is a thoughtful, interesting book.  Lois Lowry writes about a controlled society and a boy finding his way through life in that community.  The book raises issues concerning constant control and makes the reader consider everything they take for granted in their daily lives.  The book itself ends with the reader still questioning how Jonas' life ends.  Personally, I liked The Giver for the questions it raised and how it made me actually think about what life could be like.  The only thing I found that it should have more of was adventure or some excitement.  It was a very thoughtful book, and not a book to read just for entertainment purposes."
"Seriously great book!  I just read this as an adult, and the only thing that bums me out is that I didn't discover this sooner.  Librarians - why didn't you tell me????  I tore through this on my own, then bought it to read to my son.  He's only 8 and he loved every moment of it too.  It really led to lots of discussion about this world and why they did things they way they do.  There is just a passing glance of budding sexuality, but it does go into death and war.  Make sure you are ready to hit the heavy topics if you read to your kid - or just wait until they are older.  For older children and adults, great choice.  Definitely read this before watching the movie!"
"Whether intentional or not,  Lowry tackles such topics of Socialism, Collectivism, and Eugenics in terms that young children can understand and contemplate.The book, a very short read, was hard to put down.  Although I rarely watch a movie before I read the related book, I am happy to say that without spoil the book was able to stir emotions that the movie could not even hint at.The end was masterfully written: the question of dreams and reality merging into a single clause that tastes of the visual effect going from a black and white to color; reminding me of the scene when Dorothy wakes to find herself in munchkin land in the land of Oz."
"The giver is a very good book I liked it very much and I think that you should read it too(only if you like science fiction). It has a interesting plot and a thinkable ending.The giver is about a boy named Jonas he lives in a different comunity in a place where there is no pain,stress or bad history each family is alowed to have only two children each of different gender.Jonas gets to be picked as the next Reciever of memory, he learns and he discivers the horible secrets of his comunity and decides to do something about it. And that is about all Im going to tell you. I gave this book five out of five stars because I think that this book is excelently done..."
"I had read The Giver when I was in grade school. I remember enjoying it and then being disappointed at the end. Reading it now as an adult I found out why. I think when I was younger I wanted more answers to the ending. This is a great, easy, and quick read. It engages the reader and really has them thinking about the way society is. The ending as an adult I value more. I think the message in this story is incredible and worth thinking about .We want people to show their differences in this world and yet we want everyone to still be the same. This book will really have you reconsidering any thoughts you had about societies/cultures having 'sameness'."
"""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry, is a suspenseful book for readers of all ages. In ""The Giver"" the main character, Jonas, is living in a futuristic utopian society free of all crime, sickness, and even death. It seems like the perfect world where everyone is safe and nothing can go wrong. Until Jonas turns twelve and is given his assignment when he realizes that his way of life is not perfect and that things must change if he and his community are ever going to be free. Lois Lowry uses vague descriptions and excellent foreshadowing to keep the reader guessing throughout the book. ""The Giver"" is a great science fiction novel for anyone who enjoys mystery and suspense."
"This was a very well written book that I would suggest to most people, except for people that don't like ending that leave things ambiguous.The Giver is the story of a 12 year old boy named Jonas who is selected to be the Reciever by his comunity. The Reciever's job is to take in all of the memories good and bad that have been passed down for generations. The person that is to give Jonas these memories is called the Giver. Once Jonas starts recieving the memories and seeing what his community would be like if they had these memories he decides to give the memories to everyone. His plan is dangerous but it works out.This is a well written story but it doesn't work out that everything is alright and when I read it I was not in the mood for bad endings."
"I was waiting for something very interesting to happen at the end and...nope. There are too many questions that don't have answers. Yes, a middle school book. Easy read. Easy theme to follow. But, what a boring society. It's hard to believe that at 11 years old, the characters are forced onto a career path. And why are the birthmothers so degraded? If it weren't for them, the society would crumble. Suspense? The most suspenseful/excited feeling I got was when Jonas watches his father kill the baby. That's it. Sympathetic of Jonas and Gabe near the end when the baby is near death. And then...nothing really great happens. Disappointed. But I'm glad the student who recommended it liked it--he also liked 1984 and Brave New World and was relieved Jonas is still alive at the end of The Giver."
"I did not actually READ this book. I listened to it on Cassette, but even so this book had me hanging till the end! It can be a little boring in the beginning and you have to be able to understand what is happpening in the characters world. This book gave us a little insight of what it may be like in the future. I found parts of this book a little disturbing and it sent me wondering about our world. If you read this book, be ready to ask questions and also give yourself time to figure out some what is happening. let the facts sink in. This book is a little complex, but I still loved it. [the casette was VERY good so if you do not like to read try listening to this book. I had seen this book at bookstores before but never took much intrest. Now that i listened to it i changed my mind.]"
"This book is a must for every young adult out there. This book is about a boy who lives in the perfect world, with no poverty, hunger, divorce, not even feelings. Everybody thinks they live in the perfect world, but Jonas comes to a rude awakening. At the ceramony of the twelve's he is assigned to be the Reciever of Memory. The most powerful and respected person in the community. The Giver(the current reciever of memory) begins to train Jonas to become what he is now. He begins to give all the memories of the past through him to Jonas. Jonas is stunned of how the world was so beautiful the world was with color and feelings. So Jonas decides to run away to find elswhere.This book is the best book I have read. Although the ending is a little weird. I wish there was a sequel."
This book is in a word fantastic. The story is gripping and really keeps you reading. This is one of my favorite books.
"Lois Lowry's The Giver, which one the Newberry Award,is a well written cliffhanger that will leave you on the edge of your seat.  In a world without color, music, weather, or memories, eleven-going-on-twelve Jonas lives in his perfect community with his family and friends. Once the children turn twelve in this community, they are assigned their job for the rest of their life.  Instead of being assigned to a job, Jonas is chosen as the next Reciver in his community. The Reciver is the most honored man in the community. It is with the Reciver while Jonas is learning to be a Reciver that he learns of things he has never known before- color, music, weather, and the most important, memories that he realizes that his ""perfect"" community isn't as perfect as he thought."
"I especially liked how the book was written.  I like the point of view.  The Giver, like 1984, gives an impression of what the future could be like.  In The Giver Jonas is selected as the Reciever of Memory.  This position give him the training to get all of the memories that the other people of the community don't have.  The others don't have feelings, can't see color, and everything is planned out.  Jonas decides that he wants to be free of the community and go to the ""elsewhere"".  He steals the child that his family was caring for and escapes.  He does this without preperation bacause the child was scheduled for release, to be killed, the following day.  This almost cost them their lives.  At the end of the book Jonas finds the sled in his memory and slide down the hill."
I have read and thought about this book at countless hours at a time. The complexity of the story the perfectness of there world. And I wonder in my own mind what it would be like. In their world your job is chosen for you no room for mistakes. Lois Lowry does an absoulutely amazing job of desribing the excitement before the ceremony of the twelve which is where Jonas and the other elevens get there jobs. After Jonas recieves his job there is almost immediate controversy over his postion. And after that everything changes. He can't be with his friends or he can't spend time with anyone after his training starts. But then Jonas Realizes the advantages of his postion. Lois Lowry does a Great Job again in writing another book that is well thought out and a real thinker.
"I loved this book. Sameness is presented as a good, simple way to live, which at first seems like such a good idea. I loved experiencing the injustice and horror Jonas experiences as he learns, discovering with him the severe shortcomings of the only world he knows. Jonas and the Giver are strong characters who were a pleasure to meet.My only small complaint with the book is that the end seemed rushed. After becoming attached to the characters and invested in their futures, the end feels hurried with assumptions without any definite conclusion. The setting of the ending is certainly fitting, I just would have liked the last scene to have been more fully fleshed out.Nonetheless, this was a wonderful book, full of the joys of individuality and differences."
"Dear friends,I know that you like reading books. We (9d) read this book (The Giver written by Lois Lowry) which deals with rules in a community seperated from the whole world. At the beginning it is hard to understand and you will expect that it is a boring book. But after this part there is  a turning - point in thrilling. After this point the story gets much more  interesting, although it is still confusing. While you are reading the  story lots of questions come to your mind. Some are answered later on but  other answers you can only assume.  All in all it is a very nice and  interesting book because the author presents the advantages and problems of  this perfect world seen through the community's eyes very well. That's why  I can recommend the book."
"If you have ever wondered what it would be like to live in utopia, this book is something you should take a look at. The Giver is one of my all time favorite novels because it brings me to a new world. I find that every time I read this novel, I enjoy it even more than the last time. The story of Jonas and his journey to become ""The Giver"" of his particular society. The story becomes interesting when Jonas has to decide whether or not he can deal with this great honor. I loved the novel as a whole, but I have a problem with the abrupt ending. It just goes to show that nothing in this world is perfect.-Ernest Bennett(Avon High School) ;->"
"This is a absolutly fasinating great wonderful spectacular and intelligent book (isn't it unbelievable Sally? ;).That book should be read and loved by everyone. I read quite a few of the reviews, and was appaled! To think that someone could say that one should save their money and read a classic is  HORRIFIC(how silly are they?  ;). This book by some is considered a  classic. This book leaves a lasting and godly impression. This book was an  insight to another culture, real or not, and that is very very very very  valuable. I am in 10th grade and just read ""The Giver"" for the  second time. I could probaly read this book fifty times and still discover  new things(which makes it if possible--even better ;), as I probably will.PS: Cu in class Mr.Wunsch"
"My cousin borrowed this book from the library. I picked it up out of idleness about an hour ago, and have just finished reading it.This is a great book. The theme of conformity at a great cost is a very deep one, and the author makes it clear that we cannot deny the very things that make our lives worth living, even if by denying them we have the chance to get rid of the things that make life so painful. I blazed through the book as is my wont, but the basic story has made a strong impact on me and I will not easily forget what images were presented.What is sad is that the society does not even know that it is missing out..."
"This book will be the most mysterious book you will ever read. The way the author describes everything in the book just paints a colorless picture in your in your head about what is happening. While I was reading the book it was like I was watching a movie rather than reading a book. This book is about a young boy named Jonas who thinks life is perfect. Actually in his community everything is perfect, there is no poverty, violence, no rich or poor, and there is never ever any starvation. Everything is fantastic until Jonas learns the scary truth. After that moment nothing will ever be the same.  By: David Arnold"
"I love this book! I think it is better suited for older children than for 8 year old children, as suggested on Amazon, but then again there isn't anything in here that they haven't seen on TV or heard of before. It is a utopia book, which a lot of people just don't care for, but I love them. It's a great way for children to understand that sometimes bad things happen, and that's ok. The ending did disappoint me the first time I read it, but I think that's the point. Life doesn't always have happy endings, and many questions will always be unanswerable. I say give it a try, and if you don't like it, well, you're not going to love every book you read."
"The giverI read the Giver in back 8th grade and it was byfar the only book that kept me reading it.  Now I not a reader, infact I hate reading.  However, when I started reading it I could not put it down.  It is about a utopia society were every thing must be perfect you can only have so many children and you do not have sex they give you your child.  In this Utopia community every one goes to school, and work at the same time and gets home at the same time.  In addition, the people have no cars.  It is a wired story, the wirdist I have ever read.  In conclusion I highly recommend this book to Whomever likes suspense storys."
"The Giver was a terrificly written book about a boy named Jonas and his life, in this strange community. A town without happiness,pain,color,difference. Everyone does certain things at the same time. Every year there is a moving up ceremony. The 9's get a bike while the 12's get their assignments. The committee of Elders assigns each child the perfect job. Jonas becomes the Receiver of Memory, the only one who has memories of long ago. Jonas learns pain, see color, feels happiness like never before. He recieves memories of everything. The memories that were cast out when there was no difference. This is a great book and I recommend it to everyone."
"I really enjoyed reading ""The Giver"" although extremely sad at times it was incredibly interesting.  The thought that the world could actually be this way at first seems like a good idea.  No pain, or loss, or real feelings of sadness or loneliness would be felt but after seeing it through The Giver and Jonas' s eyes, you realize how horrible it would be not to have genuine feelings and someone to share them with that could truly understand them.  The only thing that I wish that the book would have shown was how things turned out for Jonas and Gabriel and The Giver.  All in all, the book was a really good read and I would definitely recommend it."
"It was great! The Giver was one of the best books I have ever read! The Giver was about a boy named Jonas who lived in a utopian like community. His life would seem perfect but it's not There is practically nothing in his world! The book includes adventure and fantasy. Once I read the book I learned to appreciate things I have never really thought about. I think that if more adults read this book then our world might be a better place, because it may do what it did to me. I thought maybe what our world could be like in the future, what could happen. Some ideas in this book are not likely but some others are quite possible. This is quit erie."
"I liked the book because it shows how much we take individuality for granted.In the book the main character is Jonas.  Jonas has been assigned to be the Receiver for his village.  He doesn't know what it is but he finally finds out. When Jonas meets the Giver he learns more than he expected.  The memories he got had color and feeling which he never saw or felt before. After he has the memories his life goes crashing into reality and he must find a way to escape The type of reader I think that would like this book is a person who likes adventures, the book seems like its from a different culture so the reader can imagine"
"Certainly effective in putting the old age conundrum of security versus excitement in living in perspective! I liked the analogy of color perception to indicate a break from the gray world the characters initially inhabit. While often promoted as a ""young adult""  work, some of the issues of suicide, euthanasia, and reproduction may be a bit heavy for younger adolescents. The book is short, well written and moves along. While some find the enigmatic ending problematic, the edition I read had a response from the author addressing some of the people who have written her. An interesting and worthy work."
"I give this a 3.5So the book is beautifully written. You really get a feel for the strange society that Jonas lives in from his own POV. The characters, especially the Giver, are fantastic and leave you wanting more. The only problem is that you are wanting and NEEDing more. Way more - The book just sort of abruptly ends with SO MANY questions still lying in the readers mind. I'm not sure if Lowry just suddenly got bored with the story and left but I kept trying to turn the page and there was nothing.What? That's it? That's where it ended? It seemed to end right at the climax of the story."
"It is an extraordinarily well crafted novel. The chapters are concise and well structured. Each chapter carries the plot a single distinct step ahead. Though the chapters are untitled, you can easily summarize each one in a succinct sentence. The language is very clear, the plot is interesting and the book reads very quickly. It's a textbook example on how to write good prose. The reason i'm giving it just 4 stars is that, despite its masterful execution, it doesn't really have that gripping a plot or that mesmerizing characters that linger with you after laying the book down. Still, i warmly recommend it."
"I read this back when I was in seventh grade. This is a very interesting story and still till this day I enjoy reading this book now at 22 years old. I'm not a fan of reading novels, the book has to come to life for me to stay entertained and this book does so.Lois sends you to this world they are living in, you feel everything that is going on in the story. The society that is illistrated in this book is very different but yet similar to governments in the past. They live in this perfect world where your future is chosen for you.  I highly recommend this book, its a book you can read over and over."
"In response to the book The Giver, I have to say this.  My virtual high school class is discussing how this book relates to folklore and the lack of it in this society.  This book well reflects what will happen to society without the influence of folklore.  I enjoyed it because the main character comes to a better realization about the world that he lives in and gets to decide things on his own.  I think that the world of today one day could end up like the world in The Giver if we are not careful about what we do.  This book may be on the elementary level but it is still an excellent book to read."
"In a world without feeling, choice, color or difference - what is the purpose of life?  The Giver reminds the reader that pleasure is offset with pain, that perfection is only possible with imperfection, and Sameness is only possible with Difference.  The deep meaning of the book is not in the plot - it is in the remembering that memories and experiences - of all types - including the bad ones - are what make life worth living.  The experience of life is in pain as well as pleasure.  Once the door is opened to experience, the need of the life fully lived becomes evident.  A thought provoking book."
"It isn't very often these days that we can read a book that appeals to EVERY age group.  It combines the young child's idea of a good story with an adults search for philosophy.  I read this book three years ago in 3rd  grade and it was just a good story.  I read it last year and I started  discussing it with my family.  The ending was our main topic.  Did Jonas  really find Elsewhere?  Or did he find that spot in our imaginations that  keeps us alive on the most boring days?  Or did he simply die?  From  Kindergarten to Philosophy major, this story deserves every recognition it  is qualified for."
"This book shows you just what life is. No other book has showed me this like this has. The giver is not light, three day then quit reading. Most people will read it to the end on sihgt, like I did.To avoid giveing away the valuable plot, I will say that the world of civilization is a disturbingly organized, planed, emotionless land. People lack anything ""Bad,"" but also lack anything good. The great thing is, this will challenge your definition of good for the rest of your life. You will never look at war and hate the same way again. Hell really is repitition.~Lowelife"
"This book was great for a few reasons...Theme - a utopian society will always be relevant and always be thought provoking. Especially when its well written like The Giver is. I find the theme to be incredibly interesting, especially since I have only ever read one other similar novel which was 1984.Size and syle - It was short, very easy to read and follow. The thing I liked about it is that even though its technically a young adult novel, it can be read by all ages.The characters were interesting. The plot was fast paced and engaging.Overall, its a must read for all ages."
"We've read the book ""The Giver"" in our English lessons in school.First, it was very difficult to read, but the more we read, the more we understood. It was interesting to get to know such a world which is so different to ours: no colours, no love, no  emotions,... It was Jonas's assignment to become ""The Receiver"" to get all those memories back. It was exciting to read how Jonas bears them.We like the fact that Louis Lowry chose an open end, because everybody can use his or her own imagination to decide what will happen next.All in all, we think the book is very advisable to read!"
The Giver is a book that will blow you away.  In this book 11-year-old Jonas is faced with the challenges of life.  A ceremony called the ceremony of twelve is about to take place.  During the ceremony Jonas will be given a job but something happens that Jonas isn't ready for.  As he does his job he realizes he must run away but will he get by the security.  If he does will the community realize what they did that changed the world or will they simply suffer. Read this masterpiece and you will find out the answers to these questions and you will enter a whole new world.
I loved The Giver-it was an amazing read.  To really better understand the book and its ideas you need to read it a few times.  But even after just reading it once it leaves a big impression and makes you think about your life and how different it could be.  Another great part of the book is that  you could get a great idea of it and its points at any age.  I know this is  a book that I'll keep and read periodicly throughout my entire life.  It  totally deserved its Newberry Honor and I would recommend that any parent  buy it for their child-and also read it themselves!
"Some books seem to focus on just delivering the point the author is trying to make and getting it over with as quickly as possible, but the author of The Giver spends the entire book illustrating her point, and really making a wonderful little novel out of it. I enjoyed the way that Jonas interacted with his parents, and the way that Lois Lowry depicted a socitey without any shared memories. I really think that The Giver is a wonderful balance of great storytelling wrapped around a thought-provoking premise, that will captivate all readers for many years to come."
"I say this book is a keeper, but I just keep giving it away.  This is a great story that begs to be shared and discussed at length.  I won't go into details about the plot, the characters, etc..because it's all been done before.  My two cents is to say that this book is a gem because it encourages children to think.  The Giver shines as an example of reader participation.  You do not complacently read this book it forces you take a view, to figure it out, and to come to a conclusion. That's why its a great story and one your teen should be encouraged to read."
"I thoroughly enjoyed the book because it presented the idea of a eutophia and it proved that even perfect worlds are not perfect. I liked that the idea was original, and it is a great read. The book really makes you think about what life would be like if it were all so structured. I found the characters to be very well developed. Although I found the ending to be frustrating, I guess it's just because I don't like to wonder. But if you are looking for a great and easy read that will make you really be thankful for what you have in life, this is your book!!"
"I normally only read novels that I know will have adventure in them, and only read The Giver because it was assigned to me in school. However, The Giver has surpassed everything I've ever read. It's now my favorite book because it compels you to think, particularly about aspects of life that I had always taken for granted. I won't tell you what they are for fear of becoming a spoiler, but I will tell you that The Giver is something I intend on reading again and again in the future. This brilliantly-written book deserves every one of those above five stars."
"When I saw this was coming out in theater I decided to read it as a family with the kids. We are a Christian family and thats why I felt t was important to read this book so we could have a discussion on it. The book allowed me to explain why God gave us freedom of choice. The Giver displays what  the alternative would be in a world were no one has freedom.  The utopian community Jonas lives in is terrifying. The Giver  is a  thought provoking book, it is a times disturbing but nothing the shows on tv don't display daily. I highly recommend this book."
"I loved this book!  It is about a boy who lives in a ""community"" where there is no poverty, no pain, no hunger.  Every year there is a ceremony for children who turn different ages.  This year is the last ceremony for Jonas (the ""boy"")and a very important one.  It is  the year when Jonas gets a job picked for him.  He gets picked the reciever  of memories. He starts to see colors and learns about hate and war.  I'm  not going to give out the end so read it for yourself.  Note: gifted  children handle this book better than others."
"This books allows students to imagine a world completely different from theirs without them being  bogged down with lots of lingo that sometimes goes along science fiction.  The characters realness is captivating, and  the reader finds himself/herself turning the page with anticipation.  While  Jonah, the main character, and his friends live in a society very different  from any students have encountered, the personalities of the characters are  so appealing and believable that they will have no trouble relating to  them.  This book is excellent for middle grade students as an outside  reading assignment or a classroom novel."
"Thats what i told my teacher after the first two chapters when my team was assigned this book in school. well the first two chapters were really hard to understand for me but i got it after talking with groups in class. then i slowly started to like it. When i got to chapters 8-10 i couldnt put this book down! it was simply amazing and unpredictable. Fighting Ruben Wolf used to be my favorite book, but now The Giver is. I cant wait for tommorrow(monday) cause im going strait to the libary and picking up The Messenger. and i hate books. A must read!"
"I know this may strike you as strange, but my first impression of the book The Giver was that the community was some kind of cult. Almost like communism. It makes sense if you think about it. The community was all the same and those who were different were ""released."" Although the book wording itself was easy to read, the context was hard to fully understand. The most difficult part for me was when the author described the characters age and the group in which they belonged to because of their age.  However, while reading the book it got me thinking about a lot of different thoughts. Like, ""Oh wow, what if this was really true, how would I act?""  The Giver was definitely a twist to what I normally read. You know, those books that have you acting different because of something that had happened in the book and you think that it could happen to you.  So all in all, my opinion on this book is mixed. I like how the author described things. I give her credit because it must have been a tough book to describe so people could understand it. I know I am having trouble just trying to describe my thoughts on the book itself.  Yet I didn't really like the story line. It struck me as weird, confusing, and  slightly boring. The only thought I had after finishing book was ""This would make a good episode for The Twilight Zone."""
"Twelve-year-old Jonas lives in a very orderly community. Everything happens in stages. Dreams are discussed at breakfast. Emotions after dinner. At at 9 you get a bike, at 12 you start training for your career. But when Jonas starts training with ""the giver"" the veil on his world is pulled back and he learns the true price of his supposedly peaceful community.The Giver was the dystopian ya novel before dystopian ya novels were hip. I missed this book as a kid, but I've been hearing a lot about it lately.After reading it, I realize how big a debt Veronica Roth's Divergent owes this book and Lauren Oliver's Delirium as well.The difference with The Giver is Lowry's writing mastery.  The Giver's premise is revealed in a way that makes you walk in Jonas' shoes. You see the beauty and the logic as well as the horror of the dystopia he lives in. While the more modern dystopias sometimes skimp on explanation, the world in The Giver is very fully imagined, and therefore, seems more plausible.The Giver is a bit slower in pace, and since Jonas is only 12, the perspective is more innocent than something like Divergent, but make no mistake, this is a hard-hitting dark, dystopian novel, one that really speaks to that startling time in life when you first realize that the world is not what you thought it was."
"Children shouldn't be the only readers of Lois Lowry's classic best selling novel. The fact that there are over 3,000 reviews tells something. The book is a must read in schools and now I know why. The book starts off with Jonah, a boy who will be twelve years old, and be given responsibilities beyond his imagination.Jonas and his family live in a world where there are no feelings, no colors, no imagination, no creativity, no planning, and a book of rules which I wished went with it.Jonas is chosen as the one to be the receiver and he goes to the elder man who is known as the Giver. The book reminded me of George Orwell's 1984 and a cultish scenario.I would recommend parents reading this book with their children and they will have a lively, interesting discussion to broaden their own minds and communicate with each other. This book can bring both adults and children together in appreciation for the choices that we have and can make in our world.I would have given it five stars but I think that the author could have used useful tools like explaining the book of rules, maps, and illustrations to help envision this strange environment but still it's an excellent book and I would definitely teach it in the schools.This book will make you appreciate life a little more and even the littlest things. A movie is in the works."
"I thought this book was pretty good and i actually got into it and read it pretty quickly racing my friend trying to finish it first, but I was kind of disappointed about the ending cause it just stops abruptly"
"The Giver is like a cross between Brave New World, 1984 and Logan's Run. The concept of dystopia is not original, but Lowry adds her own interesting twist via the society's overall structure, as well as the concepts of a Giver of Memory and Receiver of Memory. Lowry builds the story nicely, slowly unveiling the twisted nature of the society in a way that maintains suspense until the very last page.However, there were important elements that I felt were unexplained or poorly developed.-Spoilers!-1) Receivers store memories from individuals throughout human history, but do those ""memories"" include the experiences of people who are currently living? How else did the Giver have the sled memory that he trasmitted to Jonas, which ended being the EXACT sled Jonas rode at the end? It wasn't a random memory of a sled from hundreds of years ago. It was the SAME sled, in the SAME location (this is made clear when Jonas recognizes the hill and knows exactly where the sled will be). Obviously Givers and Receivers have some psychic abilities, but the sled memory was made to sound like something from the past, not a future projection. So what was the sled ride memory then? A future vision? A memory from a currently living person? What?3) Once Jonas escaped with Gabe, how was the Giver planning to release memories to the entire community? It sounded like only a rare person had the ability to receive memories and yet, when a Receiver dies, somehow the memories end up dispersed to the whole community. How on earth does that work?4) Was the Giver planning to kill himself in order to release all his memories to the community? If he could release the memories by choice and give them to whomever he wanted, then why go through the agonizing process of finding a Receiver who appears to posses the psychic ability to ""see beyond"" (as it's described in the book) since apparently anyone could be a Receiver. Obviously they want someone with the emotional capability to be the Receiver, but there was certainly no need to find a child who could ""see beyond.""5) Making oneself cold - as Jonas did to himself and Gabe to mask their various locations when the planes with infared heat sensors were searching for them - does NOT mask the heat from an entire body. Unless you're dead, it doesn't matter how cold you are, your core still produces heat and a heat sensor will detect it.However, although I felt that it was missing some important background development, the story itself was intriguing and worth a read for the themes it explores, chief among them being freedom and individuality."
"The Giver really is a good book.  A thought provoking read, however, I'd say for some children, it may go over their head.  This is young adult literature, and it's fine young adult literature provided you haven't read very many dystopia novels out there.  The idea is enlightening, and even though the ending is a bit ambiguous, it brings about discussion like no other.In the future, the world is perfect.  No one starves.  No one is left unwanted and the community assigns each person a job that they are certain to excel at once they reach the age of twelve.  When the ""ceremony"" finally happens, Jonas is selected by the council to be the next Receiver of Memory.  It a title of honor.  Jonas then begins his training with The Giver, who gives him memories of unimaginable things.  Color.  Feelings.  History.  The Giver holds all of them.  The Giver isn't just full of joy, he also gives Jonas memories of despair, war and others that aren't so pleasant.  As he changes over the course of one year, Jonas discovers that the ""perfect"" world that he lives in may not be so perfect after all.There are plenty of books out there just as thought-provoking as The Giver, but this is one where your brain will really turn on for a second.  As the book opens... who wouldn't want to be in this world?  Everyone is so nice to each other.  You don't have to worry about trying to find a job.  No poverty because everyone is fed, and all your decisions are made for you.  At first it feels like heaven.  But just as Jonas discovers, you too will see that this world is far from perfect, and that while we may want a world where life is simple, there's a sense of loss in having a world that would be like that.  The pains and pleasures of life should never be forgotten, which seems to be where this book is getting at.The characters outside of Jonas don't really come to life, but it's strangely effective in this novel for the simple reason that the people don't have feelings to begin with.  Therefore there's no need to be so heavy in character development.  However, as the novel progresses, Jonas DOES come to life as he receives new memories.The Giver is a great thought-provoking book but it suffers in some areas.  For one, the book hardly goes into detail on some aspects.  You get about halfway through the book before you even realize that the people in this community can't even see color.  And what themes of the book do come up don't stick around long enough (such as music) for the reader to ponder too much about it.Another huge aspect we have to face: The vague ending.  Some people love interpretation, those people will undoubtebly love The Giver's conclusion.  However, for those expect some sort of resolution, it isn't quite there.  That's not to say it's a bad ending.  It's just to say that it doesn't feel complete.  It certainly gives the reader a chance to interpret, but it feels anti-climatic.  All that build up for... well, virtually nothing.However, in some light, my disappointment with the ending may very well be what Lowry was trying to draw.  Some sort of emotional reaction.  We may never know.The Giver is a great thought provoking read.  I probably wouldn't recommend it to elementary school students.  It seems a bit more secondary.  Despite that, the idea is so simplistic. Anyone can understand it, but the themes and allusions may go over some of the younger readers heads."
"Imagine you live in a bubble.  Things can't get in, like pain, loneliness and misery.  But neither can pride, love and joy.  Lois Lowry has created a world where this is everyone's lifestyle.  In The Giver, people don't choose to live this way, they just do.  A boy called Jonas peacefully lives like this until he meets the Giver, who makes little holes in his bubble letting in the once forbidden emotions and feelings. Jonas is pretty content with his life.  He lives with his mother, father and sister Lily.  He's got two good friends Asher and Fiona. Even his father got permission to have a baby called Gabe live with them until he must live with different parents. Sure, he has to follow strict rules, must take pills to get rid of ""stirrings"" can't lie, must have the ""right"" life a child should have, and can't ask questions regarding any differences between two people (it would be rude, after all).  But to him, people have been following these strict rules forever. But time is suddenly spiraling very close to the Ceremony of Twelve where his lifelong job will be assigned to him.  For everyone else it seems so obvious what they'll be.  But for Jonas?  Nothing's really fitting for him.  When the time finally arrives,  Jonas is assigned, or more, selected to be the new Receiver of Memory, a job he didn't even know existed.  His responsibility as the new receiver is to take memories of living, really living from the  old Receiver, who will pass that name to Jonas and become the Giver. Jonas is suddenly revealed to a whole new world.  Snow, sleds, sunsets, tranquility, sunshine, flowers, colors, families and most importantly, love.  But the Giver must now show him why all that was left behind and a concept that they have lived with so long called Sameness replaced it.  He must show Jonas the fear, the loneliness, the pain.  But even with a terrifying memory of war, Jonas is not defeated, or even down.  He now knows what he must do, especially after a horrible realization and truth about a childhood question.  He knows he must free these memories, giving everyone the chance to live a real life, destroy Sameness and save an innocent baby's  life. When we first step into Jonas's life, nothing really makes sense.  You're always asking yourself, ""what did they mean by that?""  It has sort of a strange feel.  For example, the word animal is no longer a noun, they were taken away.  It's an adjective only.  This is a little passage of the book where Jonas is talking to Lily. `""They acted like...."" ""Animals?"" suggested Jonas.  Neither child knew what the word meant, exactly, but it was often used to describe someone uneducated or clumsy, someone who didn't fit in.' A proverb that comes to mind with this is ""Be careful what you wish for, you just might get it.""  Because in the book it shows those of us that wish for a perfect life should see what that could do to us.  Lois Lowry gives you the power to believe what happens next.  In an intentional clever way, the book is a bit vague at points, letting you ask yourself what should be there and what it means.  For example, throughout the book, there is a mysterious concept of ""release"" a great punishment for some, and a huge reward for others.  But for awhile it's just a gray area that you can use a dark pencil to put in what you want there. Nearing the end, the rapidness slows down a little, but only enough to really understand what's going on fully, unlike the other parts where its always 2 feet ahead of you.  The very end gets  a little blurry, but so does Jonas's mind which makes us feel like we've been brought alone with him.  And the conclusion is up to you on how things should end.  The Giver can be sci-fi or fantasy, depending on how you read it.  It's for a person who likes thoughtful books that make you think and don't end when you've read the last word of the last chapter and continues in your head for days.  But it's also for people where that's the last kind of book they want, and what they do want is an exciting, want-to-jump-into-the-text feeling while reading the book.  And people in between?  Of course!  This book is ideal for any 12 and up.  Looking at you perspective on life a little differently can never be outgrown, so this is a fascinating book for adults as well as kids."
"The Giver is a very exciting and interesting book. It is abouta boy named Jonas who is selected to be the Receiver of Memories. TheGiver has a very important role in Jonas' life because he is the one who gives Jonas all of the memories he has and ever will have. The jobs makes jonas and the Giver the only people who have memories in their community. They are the only people in their community with memories because the memories were giving citizens of the community pain and grief. When that happened, the community made it so only one selected person would have the memories, the pain, and the pleasure. This job is very painstaking, but it pays off. it pays off because Jonas can see in color, and nobody else in the community can. At first, Jonas' community seems like a utopia because there are no accidents, pain, grief, or hunger; but Jonas wants love and feelings to be a part of his everyday life. they aren't part of his everyday life because feelings were taken away with memories. Jonas decides to run off to another community, so he can change his community and give people memories of love, feelings, and choices, so they could lead nomal and happy lives. You see, if the Receiver of Memories leaves the community all of the memories he or she had to go back to the people in the town. I feel this book is very interesting and suspenseful. it is nice and juicy with descriptions, too. I think this story definitly was told from Jonas' point of view. If I were Jonas, I just would have run away as soon as I found out that there were no feelings or choices. The message this book gives me is that we already live in a utopia. This could be true because with every advantage there comes a disadvantage. This way we are living in the Utopia, or it doesn't exsist."
"I loved the novel, The Giver.  It exposed the advanced world of utopia and its problems.  Although a utopian world has its benefits such as no poverty, hunger, and racism, it also restricts people from the simple benefits of life, such as being able to see colour, being able to make decisions on your own, and unexpected weather changes.  Although a utopian life may be desirable to many, living life w/out these benefits isn't living life at all.  Having a predictable and controlled environment is not at all satisfactory.  Lois Lowry has shown this to us through the eyes of a 12-year old child, Jonas.Another reason I like this book was because I had never read a story like it before.  It is very different from the normal books that I have read because it expands on society.  Each time I read it, it makes me think of how corrupt our society and world is.  I want to change our government, not to the point where it's communist or utopian, but enough that we won't have to worry about money, hunger, or devastation.  We would all have jobs and work to better ourselves.  We would be the land of opportunity that we never were.The book was going along smoothly until the very end.  I believe the end was very abrupt and incomplete.  It would have my final star if the last chapter had some sort of happy, if any, conclusion."
"The Giver is a book for those who enjoy thinking and filling in the gaps with their own imaginations. It is not a book that you sit down to read and expect to have the entire plot laid out for you and easy to see. However it is an amazing read. At the end of the novel, and throughout the whole book for that matter, the reader is left thinking. Lois Lowry does an exemplary job at giving you enough details to stay engaged and give you questions to ponder bu the also leaves out just enough for you to be able to make it just a little bit yours. The reader is allowed to fill in gaps with their own imagination to make the society relate to what their own thoughts are. It truly makes you wonder how it would be to live in this type of a society and whether it is a good or bad thing. The community is not an evil place as settings usually are in societies that take away change they are a peaceful people who has organized everything and left nothing to be questioned. There is no room for error in their eyes but don't fear if an error is made you will be gently and anonymously reminded by the Speaker. What job would you get at the ceremony of the Twelves? What happens to the boy and the baby on the red sled? What and where is Elsewhere? I guess we will be left wondering these questions until we pick up another novel about the new Giver."
"I thought that ""the Giver"" was a very good book. It really makes you feel for the people who are involved in the story. I was kind of upset because of hoe the people lived. It was very disturbing and is kind of a wakeup call for the plunge that society today is taking. I hope that their society isn't like a foreshadow about what ours might become. The lead character was a very heroic boy who was only 12 years old and by how the society was, had to start his working life right away. I really did think that the giver was a really good book."
"The book was in excellent shape.  I had read one before and it was so  strange that I got rid of it.  However, it kept haunting me.  Things would happen that would remind me of this book.  I had to read it again and have it handy for reference.  I rated it ""4"" because it's an excellent book but I don't necessarily ""like"" it.  I think it would be good for mature kids (maybe preteen and early teen.......and maybe beyond.  I'm an adult!) to make them think what our world could become if we let government gain too much control."
"I read The Giver when I was 13 years old and to this day (I'm now 18) it has remained one of my favorite books of all time.  This book is frightening in its cold portrayal of the future; horrifying in its descriptions of emotionless, ignorant people, yet it is an ultimately touching, eye-opening story. Lois Lowry's straightforward, simple writing style makes it possible for people of almost all ages to read The Giver; her interwoven themes of unrelenting hope and love in a lost, scared community make The Giver an absolutely necessary read."
"I've read The Giver a couple of times now, and I am always kept interested. Lois Lowry does a great job of keeping the plot interesting, because there are usually great twists. SPOILER ALERT: In this particular book, she keeps the reader intellectually involved by presenting a whole different reality that one thinks could never happen, but leaves you wondering.... I hope to read the next books in this Trilogy! I hadn't even heard they were in existence! Hopefully they answer the question that arose in my mind while reading this book... =p"
"I started reading this book in seach of good books for my grandchildren to read. The process has evolved into my reading the series, passing each on to my daughter who then passes on to my granddaughter.  Really thoughtful yet simple, characters that I came to care about. At the risk of sounding dramatic, these childrens books have reminded me of what matters and what we must go through if we want to find  our place in the world and what that world could look like. Anyway, long way around to saying read this book. Read the entire series."
"This book was required reading for an international student that lives in our home. He read the story to us nightly so we could assist him with his English skills. We really got into the book and couldn't wait for our next session together. To our surprise, the book took a nose dive about two thirds into it. It was as if the writer had someplace to go and decided to writes anything to end it. So much care was taken to bring this community to life. Then when expectation for the twist was right around the corner...................it ended."
"I like this book becouse it made me think and it is a lot like other stoies.I didnt under stand all of it and some of it is still confusing to me aswell.This book kind of put me in a spot of where i dont know what is going to happemn next!!! At the end I was not such what realy happened, But I wish there was more!!I had to think a lot to understand most of it, and the other stuff I just will never know. I think if you like to read, you sould read ths book. If not this is not the book for you. This is a good book.  -sixth grader."
"Jonas's community is perfect.  Everyone knows what to do and how to help the community.  Only one person can suffer from the knowledge of the past.  That one and only person is the Giver.  He has memories of the past containing true love and all the pleasures of life.  But with this responsibility comes memories and of true pain and death.  What will happen when Jonas is selected to receive the true knowledge of pleasure and pain?  It was a good book, but it was hard to read.  I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys science fiction."
"This was a great book. It's about a boy named Jonas who live's in a strict community. They can't fight, they can't see colors. Each family is assigned a boy and a girl and at the age of 12 a job for life. Jonas is a boy who stands out as being very different from the others in his community. When Jonas gets older, he is selected to become the next Receiver of Memory. This is not an ordinary job but one that has a lot of honor. The story tells how Jonas gets to ""receive"" his memories. It's a really exciting book. I recommend it."
"I read this book last year (7th grade) and it gives an interesting look into the concept of Utopia. Before reading this book, I had already read 1984 and Animal Farm (both of which were better, IMO) and this gave a different perspective than them. You probably already know the plot, so I'll save you the time, but I was slightly disappointed with the ending. I understand that it is supposed to be left up to you to decide what happens, but still, it was dissatisfying, and made me not appreciate this otherwise superb book as much."
"I loved this book!  Even though I have never been one to read Science Fiction or Fantasy, I can't wait to share this book with students!  The 'open-ended' conclusion will make wonderful discussion questions.  We will all probably write our own endings.  Lois Lowry writes about a young boy named Jonas who lives in a 'perfect' society.  There are no decisions to be made, no hatred, no war, no memories and...no love.  When Jonas turns 12 he becomes the ""Receiver"" of all memories and feelings.  What an interesting story unfurls from there!  I would highly recommend this book for any mature young adult readers (and for us ""oldies"", too)."
"The beginning was hard to get into.  It was hard to undertand why everything that happened in the community had to happen as a group; for instance, the way they did their age groups.  Every age group that was in  the communtiy had their birthday on one specific day and they called it a  ceremony.  It was also hard to undertsand why on every birthday they had  each child received a specific thing; for examlpe, each eight year old got  a button up-the-front jacket to symbolize their growing up.  The bicycle,  at Nine, would be the powerful emblem of moving gradually out into the  community, away from the protective family unit."
"Personally, ever since reading this book in 4th grade I have loved it. it shows true emotion, speaks of struggles that are understandable, and provokes thought. This book is amazing in that there is no way you can read this and not take something out of it. I have read it at least 5 times and am still wanting to read it over and over. this book teaches me so much about life, and the value of what we have. it made me happy to know that i live in a ""functional"" (compared to disfunctional.. the way they live) community! i would definitely reccomend this book to any age, any gender, any time! this is my all-time favorite book!!!"
"It's been 13 years since I was in 5th grade, when my teacher read The Giver aloud to my class. I have read this book atleast a dozen times since then and everytime it makes me feel the same way it did 13 years ago: enlightened and more aware of the world around me. I can say with all confidence that this book changed me as a child and it's the book that made me want to read; it made me love reading. To any parent browsing this page, wondering if this would be a good investment for their child: please take a chance. While the subject matter may be ""too mature"" to some, I feel that it is too important to keep from any child."
"One of my friends convinced me to read this book. It's a little hard to understand at first, but it's definetly worth reading. With Jonas I felt his frustrations, and after awile lonliness. I loved Asher, Fiona, the Giver, Rosemary, Lily, the Ceremonies, the perfect world that turned out to be you-know-what, and I loved how little things like jackets that button down the back symbolize things like interdependence. My dad and I think that at the end, Jonas finally found the room with the grandparents, family, and Christmas tree. Kudos, Cheers, and a HUGE THANK-YOU to my new-found favorite author, LOIS LOWRY!!! :) by Pam, 11"
"Jonas is one of several eleven year-olds growing up in a carefully organised community, anticipating The Ceremony of Twelve, but unlike his peers, Jonas is chosen to be trained for a very special role.While this book is quite dark, as dystopian novels tend to be, it is fascinating to uncover the differences between our world and this community, which are subtly woven into the story, and to re-think what is considered normal.This is the first book in a four-part series, and the story therefore leaves the reader with a number of questions, leading to a curiosity about what is to come in book two."
"This book is awesome! I really loved reading it and discussing it in class. The themes were interesting and I could really relate to the main character, Jonas. It held your attention and you just wanted to keep reading!Every kid should read it at some point-whenever the're ready.The only negative about the book is that the end just leaves you hanging. I don't know about you, but I hate ambiguous endings! I'd rather read what happens to them than wonder for another week or two what happened. Our teacher made us write an ending to the giver.Other than that, though, a great book, and I even cried at the end."
"The Giver is a book with a lesson that everyone needs to be taught.  Be lucky of what you have and who you are.  Be glad to have choices and to be an individual.This novel is an extravagant, have-to-read book.  As wonderful as it is, it's also very sad.  Everyone in The Community except for the Receiver and Giver cannot see color and they have no memories of the past.  When twins are born, the one who weighs the least is Released or killed.  I don't think that it is very fair to be killed because you look like another person.I give this book five stars for its imaginative text and creativity.(7.3rcn)"
"Started out a little slow and I began to wonder if I would be able to finish. I continued on and finally did start to see a plot beginning to develop. Just as I started to get interested I found myself at the end wondering where the heck was the rest of the book! I even checked to see if the download might have been interrupted and thought maybe I was missing some pages.I really think that this book is way over priced for what it delivers. It seems obvious to me that this first book is intended to be the hook to the follow-on books that the author wishes to introduce but again, I think it is way over priced."
The Giver is the first installment in author Lois Lowry's The Giver series. I really enjoyed seeing the origin of all the current young adult dystopian stories available. I've seen components of The Giver in many of the books I have read. I recommend this book to all fans of the many current dystopian stories floating around today.The Giver series includes the following installments:#1-The Giver#2-Gathering Blue#3-Messenger#4-SonMy favorite quote:The worst part of holding the memories is not the pain. It's the loneliness of it. Memories need to be shared.
"Maci's Review-The Giver by Lois Lowry is about a boy named Jonas and him growing up in his community. But there is something remarkable about this community. In this community everything is the same.I really like how this book portrayed a whole new way of life, the sameness. It was shocking to see how little there was different. I would recommend this book to anyone who wants to think. It makes you think because most people have never considered how different everyone is. Also how much our emotions effect choices."
I thought that the Giver was a very good book. It is strange in a cool way. It was so adictive that the first time I read it I litterally could not put it down.Even though my sister was reading it for school the first time I saw it I read it straight through without stopping.It has great chapter endings that make you want to keep going(not like you wouldn't already).It makes you think questions like:where does it take place? what is Elsewhere? Overall i'd say  that the Giver is a lot better than Harry Potter.  Piggies Rock!
"This is actually a children's book, but a friend recommended it to me when we were discussing spiritual ideas.  I stand in awe of writers with such creative imagination to make us really put on our thinking caps and think about other possibilities that could exist. It is just one of those reading experiences that you so visualize in your mind that is real and when the book ends you sit there in stunned silence......amazed!!  It is a beautiful story and I wish every child in the world had the opportunity to read it.  WOW!!"
"The imagination of Lois Lowry seems boundless as she creates a world with perfect detail. The explanation is flawless, the images peerless. Once I picked up the book, I could not stop reading it. From the beginning, when the main character, Jonas is getting ready for very important ceremony of Twelve, until the end, I was mesmerized by this book. Freedoms, which are taken for granted in our world, are talked about in this book and it really made me appreciate them. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys Utopian-style books."
I thought the giver was an O.K. book. The only thing that I didn't like about it was that it left you wondering at the end. It tells about a whole new journey on their way somewhere else but it doesn't tell what happened in this new place. The mystery in the middle of the book was good but the beginning was really confusing. I didn't understand what was happening until the third paragraph. My suggestions for any one who is going to read this book is don't give up after the first paragraph because it does get better.
"I've read this book several times, and I've enjoyed it each time.  The ending has always seemed a bit contrived to me, as if Lowry was up against a deadline and needed to end the story.Just the same, the idea of a society in which all choices were outlawed and they needed a single person to carry all their memories and their history is intriguing.  It's a book to make us appreciate the society we live in, knowing that even if we do often make the wrong choices, at least we have the ability to make those choices."
"This book makes an interesting case about life, death and the perception that everything having a precise and controlled nature being the norm. The abstractness of visualizing a world without color, love or adverse climate makes it a thought-provoking read. There are plenty of memories described where we can easily relate; but what modern society cannot fathom is how a dystopian society could do without what makes humanity unique and gives us the edge to think forward. Can't wait to continue the story in the next book."
I really liked this book because it is not straight forward because straight forward books bore me.I love it when a book keeps you gueseing! Because in some parts you eather dont understaned it or it does not tell you everything you want to know which lets you think about what will happen and whats not fun about that! It is packed with emotions we have everyday but for the main charecter it is a whole new world!But even though it is very emotinal you wont shed a tear in this out of this world wonderfull book!!!!!!!!!!
"Lois Lowry does not give us the perfect society, she gives us a society of everyday people who have become morally lazy because they live in a comfort zone. I read this book in junior high and loved it. It's a novel about  sacraficing emotions, art, and morality for the comfortable life. The  characteristics and crimes of this supposed eutopia are intregueing. Lowry  has an impressive imagination and vivid writing style. Her original take on  the eutopia topic will be well appreciated by everyone from age 11 upwards."
"If you want a book that will make you think, then _The Giver_ is a book for you.  It is a thought provoking book in many ways.  It reminds us as citizens whose lives have also been changed by technology and the people who run the country, that just because we have the capability to do something, doesn't mean that we should.  Although many do not care for the open ending, I loved it because it made me feel hopeful for the future of Jonas and Gabriel.  A whole new land of color awaited them and it was full of music!"
"This book sets the stage for a utopian society, and it's very believable.  Who's to say that this couldn't really happen sometime in the future?  However, what I really liked about this book, is that once Jonas found himself, he wasn't afraid to take action and stand up for what he knew was right.  Loved it.  The first time I read it was the sixth grade, and I still enjoy it.  It's one of my favorite books of all time, it's a relatively quick read for an adult, but it really makes you think."
"This book is a realy wonderfull one. Jonas's world is very beliveable and the characters are great. When Jonas's world falls apart, he and his friend the Giver put it back together. I read this book a few months before  reading 1984 and it certianly was very similar. I foud that many of my  fellow 12 year olds enjoy this book as much as I did, and the end was  great. I would sugest this book to anyone who loves a good story and great  writing stile. I think this I Lowry's best book yet!"
"The Giver, an amazing book you need to make time for. In the begining of the book, it is slightly confusing and yet fun at the same time. Jonas the main charicter brings what perfestion is like right out in the open, and is yet has a mysterious side. The Giver gives memories and is liike god to Jonas because he is a teacher. I was assighned to read only a certian amount of the book at a time and it was torturous. You will not want to put this book down. This book is amazing!!!!!"
"I think there are many reasons to read this book. The story takes place in a whole new world, where everything is perfect and there are rules for everything. In the community, all choices are made by a Commitee of Elders, who decides the future of the community. I recommend reading this book to everyone, because it's very interesting and it's narrated from a different perception of the future, where everything is so organized and perfect that there is no liberty. A very good book."
"I really enjoyed this book basically because of its diversity. The Giver was like nothing I had ever read before. With a combination of intensity, depth, and a somewhat alien community, this was unique and suspenseful. I had been told by other Giver readers to ""read slow and take notice of everything"", but I just couldn't put it down. I was so disappointed when the book came to an end, but I was lifted right back up again, when I discovered that The Giver was part of a series."
"The Giver introduces the reader to a fictional society where nothing lacks structure. There is a time and place for everything. The extremely strict conditions in the novel awaken the reader to the nature of the world we all live in. The journey of Jonas, the main character captivates the reader and keeps them surprised with each new revelation about the main character's strange community. I recommend this book to any reader who is looking for a strange but exciting adventure."
"This was one of the best books I had ever read, until the ending.  In fact, if there hadn't been anymore pages left in the book, I wouldn't have know it had ended.  I loved it up until that point.  The in depth detail and description of the  memory transfers made me feel like I was there,  receiving them.  The whole subplot with Gabe was really fun to.  I makes  you stop and think about how wonderful it is to be able to make our own  choices.  All in all, a very good book."
"You start the book watching an eleven year old boy, Jonas, who is excited about a coming of age celebration and getting to know his family.  After the celebration a stunned and nervous Jonas starts his training for the future and begins to learn that life isn't quite as perfect in his town as people would have you believe.  Lois Lowry paints the picture of this world, and its characters, so vividly that you lose yourself and find it almost impossible to put the book down!"
"Although some might disagree with me, i find this book of the best ever. This book put me in tears. And no it is not some mushy book. I read this book 2 years but i can still remember the details and suspence it put me through. This book is about how people worked and acted in a diferent world. They had different feelings then we would about the same things. This book is a heart wencher that I would recomend to anyone. Because I loved this book and was touched deeply."
"I loved this book in the begining and in the middle. The way the society is described is amazing and well written. I expected the end to be great and clear up some of the mystery. BUT I never would have guessed such a cliff-hanger! It didn't tell you anything at all. Cliff-hangers are good in a series, or at the end of a chapter. NOT at the end of the book! It leaves too much to guess. I hated the ending but the rest of the book was good. I definently recommend it."
"I love to read. My little brother hates to read. I read The Giver in high school, and was so captivated that I ended up reading it several times. My brother heard me raving enough that he bought me the book for Christmas (the perfect gift). Then he--the boy who never reads--actually read it. Even he loved it. Other reviews will tell you why this book is so amazing (read them!). I just want to say that this book will touch you, whether you love books or hate them."
Excellent! I purchased this to read before watching the movie. Makes you think about all the ranting and raving our culture does about wanting things the same/equal for everyone.  The book also draws one to face the reality that we are already in some ways devaluing and heartlessly taking the lives of our most innocent citizens and not allowing the pain of that to effect us...in some ways our senses are dulled just as those live in Lois Lowry's book.....
"As a book that most students are required to read around the eight grade, I wasn't sure if I would enjoy reading it again as a senior. I was pleasantly surprised to realize that this book has a catching storyline and characters that keep your attention. It is an easy read but also makes you think, which can be difficult to find in most school assigned books. I would recommend this book for free reading, and am glad I was assigned to read it again. Enjoy!"
"Really makes you think.  It makes you think about how grateful you should be for what you have and how bad some things really are but because we are used to it we think nothing of it. For example I play this 3rd shooter game, after I read the book, I realized how bad the concept was, just killing someone else, because we are used to it, we just think its nothing, but it really is horrible, especially war in real life. You have to read it to understand."
Like most books they make you read in school this one is a bit difficult.  The story is thought provoking and well done but also unsettling and not completely satisfying. It is a quick read and I wanted to see it before the Movie hype starts.  Lois Lowry is an excellent writer and her tale of a world where all emotion and pain and choice is removed is not like other books you will read.  The story unfolds quickly but I found the end was incomplete.
A great book and start to the giver Trilogy. Three more books in the series. What a scary concept that societies could pull all these different worlds without knowing letting others except the higher ups know about the other ways. Wow scary thought. Couldn't wait to read nightly or anytime I had spare time. Made you feel right there with them and feel for all the characters. Just don't forget to also read the trilogy. You won't be disappointed .
SciFi at its best! This normally takes place only when the author is able to embed an interesting element and original aspect of philosophy into the main plot and transcript as Lowry has cleverly done here. The book is quality work. Also saw the movie version a few months ago. Pity the screen writers edited out so much of the underlying texture from the original book that the movie never did very well at the box-office. Understandably so.
"I'm not sure why I would want to review this with the exception it is wondrous, intriguing and leaving you to want more. My only complaint is the ending that of course leaves you wanting more and as such will get the following books. I suppose the theme is something that may call to many of us...but after living 65 years and seeing the changes in the world, I can't imagine wanting to live in this society. Very Orwellian/Hitchcock to me."
"It was avery sound book about a utopia and how it would be like. It was mostly in suspence but at times I found it dull and contrary. It semmed to repeate some aspects. It told about the comunity and how it was like. Jonas  reiceived all the sads memories that were prior on the burden of the Giver.  He was the one that got the job to have all the memories, happy, sad, etc.  If you like science fiction you will absolutly love this book."
"My 13 year old Godson read The Giver and he was so interested, I decided to read it too.  It took about an hour, it was so compelling.  However, the ending really disappointed me!!  WAAAAY too many unanswered questions!  I am not talking about tidy resolutions, but it seems like the author got tired, and just stopped!!I teach lit, and also read avidly, so have a lot to compare it to.Do read it, though.  It's worth it."
"This book is amazing , the way it writen just pulls you to it. When it leaves you questining something that they said , you will surely find out as you read on.. Though I found the ending kinda disturbing , I really love the whole idea of the book , and the way its writen.. If you want to read something good , then why not pick this book up , if you like something that has to do with a future world , this book is also good for you."
"I first read this book when I was in middle school and I absolutely loved it. It was nothing like any other book we had read. It was a book that made you think about society and conformity. I recommend this book to my friends and have book several copies to give to them as gifts. It was one of the few books that stood out from all the books I ever had to read in school, along with Fahrenheit 451. Please give the gift of The Giver."
"I don't recommend this book because it was boring! I thought it made no sense. It was very weird that his world had no color, and so many rules! In the book I felt that it put down pregnant woman. It had no choice to it,  meaning that the people of this community had no say in who they were going  to marry, their jobs and they didn't even have their own children! BUT alot  of people also enjoyed the book, but I don't recommend it."
"This book describes the unknown mystery in life, it holds an amazing story that I want to share with the world.It inspires me to do great things. But the real message this book holds is that there is no perfect world that can be made, you make your own perfect world that you shape and shift, untill you are satisfied with what you've created. I am amazed that someone could write such a passionate book,I am quite the fan of it."
"I read it because it was chosen by my book club.  Third part of an original trilogy that lets readers know there more in the series to be added. Readers are left with a ""tune in next week"" ending.  Felt the basic premise was far from fresh, and too predictable.  Writing style is easy to read and follow, which I liked. Author apprently got high marks from literary critics for this endeavor, but I am left wondering why."
"This is one of the most thought provoking children's book I have read.  An important book that forced you to think.  It's best for children, but people of all ages can enjoy it.  It really inspires people to think about their values and beliefs, and encourages people to question everything.  A great gift for any intuitive or curious child, as well as adults.  The only downfall: it's over much too soon!  Highly recommended!"
"I first read this book when i was in 5th grade. Im a lot more mature than other kids were at that age so for recommendations, it depends. Im sure its ok for 8th graders and up. Totally good book. I loved it! I have read it probably 50 times, but havent lately. ill have to read it again to see what all the controversy is about. i didnt think anything was wrong with it. the end left me hanging, but i like that. it was good."
"I read this book in 8th grade, 2 years ago.  I can only say one thing about this book: amazing.  The style in which Lowery writes is perfect, wonderful, spell-binding.  While this book has come under much criticism  for being too ""sexed"", it definetly isn't.  I recommend this book  for anyone in 6th grade or above.  It contains a strong message that only a  talented writer could convey; and that Lois Lowery is."
"This book is incredible! I enjoyed every minute reading it. Some people say that the ending is unclear, but I loved the ending. It lets people make up their own ending. For example: some people think Jonas dies in the end, while others think he really finds Elsewhere and continues his live there. I think people could start reading the book in 6th grade, so that there are a lot of different analysis and not just those of older people who maybe think a bit more."
"At near seventy-six years of age, I am far out of the range of the targeted market for this work of fiction.  It was well written with enough twists and turns to hold my attention.  Since reading the book, I have learned that Hollywood will release the screen version of the story this summer.  I look forward to seeing the movie version.  I am certain that many fans of the novel will make the movie a box office success"
"I truly felt this book is one of the best i have ever read. I am a 15 year old female and have read it three times total.  One in 4ht grade for fun, another in 7th for class, and again this year to just sort-of remember what  it was all about. It made me think about how lucky we are in life to have  our different styles,possesions,and feelings/emotions.  - LOVED THE  BOOK! ~~~jillian :))))))):):):):P :D :D:D:D:D;p"
"Excellent book that gets the reader thinking about topics such as racism, equality, and the negative aspects of, ""sameness..."" I gave it 4 stars because I like a definitive ending, even if the author left the ending up to interpretation on purpose. I want the author to tie up the story and let me surmise other options on my own, not just leave things hanging.  Beyond that, very good for pre teens as well."
"I remember reading this book when I was younger and now that I recently re-read the book I like it even more!  The whole premise behind the story is great and seems ideal until you get toward the end of the book.  The whole series is actually quite brilliant and you need to read all three books to get a full sense of the world that Lowry builds.  All in all, its a wonderful book and a classic story in my opinion."
"I absolutely adore this novel.  I remember reading it in junior high school and now I find myself re-reading it in college.  This is one of my favorite books of all time to say the least.  Any person can read this book and I can predict they will not be able to put it down.  The writing is incredible and the character of ""Jonas"" is so real.  ""The Giver"" is one of the best novels ever written without a doubt."
"I read this book for the first time in fourth grade and now as  a freshman in high school, I still read this book at least once every year. No book I've ever read has effected me so deeply. It has shaped the way I see things in our society and caused me to care about thnigs I otherwise might not have. I think it should be required reading for everyone. If you can't appreciate this book, you're a bonehead."
"This book really makes you think.  It's about a kid named Jonas who lives in the perfect world-no wars, no poverty, no hunger, etc.  But while you may think it's what our world should be like, you're wrong.  Jonas is chosen to be the next giver.  He is given all types of memories of war,  beauty, and colors.  He realizes you need freedom of choice to live, and  his world is not as good as it seems."
"I don't know about you, but whenever i read a book i take something from that book, that is normally recognizable. I am much like Jonas, besides the fact that I'm a girl. I can see deeper than most of my friends, and I feel things that they cannot relate to. The giver was an excellent source for me to experience life from someone elses view, to show it's not just me- or you, that feel... different"
"This book was such a disappointment.  It started out great, kept me interested and then all of a sudden it was like a different author came in about 3/4's of the way into the book or she was just trying to end it quickly.  Too many unanswered questions that if addressed could have made this a great book.  I only gave it two stars instead of one because I liked the idea and the beginning."
"This novel is the story of twelve year old Jonas, who is selected to be his community's Receiver of Memories.  As Jonas receives the memories from the old Receiver, he learns his society is not as utopian as he's been led to believe.  The Memories Jonas must acquire tell him much about his hypocritical society and may be too much for young Jonas to weather.-- Reviewed by Jodi Turchin"
"This book is for a mature reader.  The parallels to our society are remarkable but a young pre-teen may not ""get it"" without help.  A teenager (or adult) who is aware of the problems in our society should be able to understand the message this book is trying to send.  Reading about the story line may ruin the suspense and surprise that this book provides.  READ IT.  THINK ABOUT IT."
"Who would have thought that a totalitarian society-based novel could be written for kids? It is written in such a way that everything seems so real and feasible, even if it is set many years in the future. This allows a lot of the complex concepts presented in the book to be grasped and understood by children. The story is so riveting. There are so many twists, turns, and surprises that keep a reader turning the pages. It really does pull a child's mind ""out of the box"" to look at a life through a different set of eyes. There are so many things to talk about! It allows children an opportunity to compare this fictional society with their own and make evaluations as to what works and what doesn't in both. Also, it is a great way to introduce symbolism to a class. It also provides a great way to motivate students to explore social change and to not be afraid to criticize rules and values of their own society. Recommended for use with grades 5-9, but many teens and adults should enjoy it as well."
"The Giver by Lois Lowery is a medium level book that is good for kids. It is a story about a boy named Jonas who lives in a community. The community is one of many that have chosen to live in Sameness. Citizens in the communty must follow a set of rules given to them by the Town Elders. When you come of age at [...]you get assigned a job. The citizens get assigned a wife if you are a man, or a husband if you are a woman and children. There is no happiness, no fear, and no anger. Jonas didn't know what job he was going to be assigned when his name was called.  He was given the job of receiver. The receiver gets trained to receive all of the memories and all the feelings of the other citizens.  He learns about colors, true pain and happiness. The Giver gives these gifts. After Jonas learns about these things, he wants to share the feelings with the community. He is left with a decision to make - run away from the place where he grew up or destroy the community by sharing the memories."
"When i read the book The Giver it made me think about different thing. For instance, how would i feel about living in a utopia?, what would i do if didn't live with my bilogical parents?, and How would i feel if i didn't have the ability to love anyone? As i read this book all theses things went though my mind. And after i was done reading it i finally was able to answer them. And my answer was simple:i feel as though i was trap and couldn't get out. And for what i would do i would eventually run away, just like jonas. I really liked this book, especially the ending. But even the ending made you wonder if they were going to make to Elsewhere or not. And that is , in my opinion, the perfect way to end a book, to have your readers wanting to know more. So that they want to be able to buy and read the sequel. And that is exactly how felt after i read the end. If had to rate the book it would get 4 stars.  Alberta Smith,13"
"This is a phenomenal book that should be read by every middle school student!  It is the story of Jonas, a young boy who lives in a community where everything is perfect.  There are no choices that need to be made, there is no pain, no fear, no war.When children in this community reach twelve years of age, they are given their Assignments.  This is their life work and it is chosen for them.  Jonas is chosen to be the next Receiver, and he soon learns that the Receiver holds all the memories of the world so the members of the community do not have to experience anything other than the perfect life of the community.  Jonas soon experiences these memories, which are nothing like the regulated life he has lived up to this point.Jonas also discovers the truth behind ""releasing.""  Growing up, the term was used with the Old and with infants.  Being released was always a mystery to Jonas, and when he discovers the truth, he discovers he also has the power to make a choice."
"The Giver is a very good book that everyone should take the time to read. The way that the author, Lois Lowery, begins the story is excellent. You learn more and more as you read on and while the main character, Jonas, learns more. And it's not just a novel with a good plot. You get something out of reading this book. Jonas experiences life in a way different then everyone else in his town does. He's an outsider in a place where sameness is welcomed. The Giver also has good character development. You learn about Jonas even as he learns about himself. This book isn't just for young adults. Anyone of any age could read this and get something out of it. I read the book a few years back, I read it recently, and some of my opinions and thoughts about certain parts of the story have changed completely. I also noticed things this time that I didn't notice before. The Giver is definitely a book that everyone should read at some point in his or her life. It's never too late."
"It's a bit difficult to put into words how I felt about Lowry's The Giver. The first thing that came to mind and just wouldn't go away is ""horrific"". And though one can't really be caught surprised with the unfolding of events since Lowry, as a measure of her skill as a storyteller, quite expertly built up the climax, there's still a part of me that kept thinking, ""Surely it wouldn't be so bad...""Of course, it was inevitable that this seemingly eerily perfect world she created would topple. And it was all brought about by the power of memories and one's yearning for love. It made me realize that I've never felt so perplexed and awed by a story in a long while.Certainly dialectic and begging for a multitude of interpretations, The Giver is another one of those worthy reads that dared to explore, among other things, the boundaries of threshold a person can reach, along with one's capacity to break free of bonds just to truly realize what it is to be human."
"The Giver is an amazing story.  I would recommend it to all ages, both young and old.  I myself have read it twice now, it was read to me when I was in eighth grade and I reread it as a college freshman.  Both times that I read The Giver I was intrigued by Lowry's vision of the future. As a reader I could easily visualize Jonas's utopian world, as it was decscribed to me through Lowry's eyes.  Lowry deservingly won the Newberry Award for this book.  Her creativity and talent astound me!The Giver is an easy reader.  Lowry uses text that can be understood by all groups.  Although the wording is simple the book still encourages the reader to ponder what the world might be like in the future.  For myself it was the question of whether or not equality is truly attainable and if it would be a worthwhile change in society.  If equality can only be gained by the loss of emotion, color, animals, sunshine etc., is it really what society should be striving to acheive?"
"Book contains no profanity.  There are scenes of murder that a child might find disturbing because of who does it and how it is done.  In this society people (and children) are killed but it is not considered murder.  As far as sexual situations, Jonas describes stirrings for another girl, but I think it is quite tame.  The book would be good for middle schoolers to adult. Like Gathering Blue in that Lois Lowry reveals things without making any comparison to present day reality.  She takes us through typical days-in-the-life of her characters and we see how foreign this world is based upon the words and actions.  (The old adage of show it don't tell it) Another thing I love is how the story starts and ends in the middle so to speak.  Almost like a rolling start in auto racing, on page one the story is already in full swing and we are filled in on past details as we roll along.  Some might find the ending disappointing that it also ends in like manner but I quite enjoy that.  Although the ending in Gathering Blue leaves more to chance.  In the Giver, for the most part, we can guess at what will happen to Jonas yet I still like that it is not spelled out and resolved for us."
"The Giver is about a boy named Jonas who lives in a house with his ""family."" He lives in a world where you go to school until you're twelve, you get assigned a job, and you start training.  When you start having certain dreams you are given a dream to calm them. You may apply for a wife/ husband and the council will give you one. The families can contain two adults and children. He lives in a world with no choices and no decisions.This book is about decision-making and how to make choices. I have a strong connection to the book because of my family of five. It is hard to choose a favorite part to the book because of how well the subject is enforced and how well it is written. My least favorite part of the book however is the ending because it leaves such a large cliffhanger for you.I recommend this book to anyone who likes sad books or can withstand them. This is a very well written book and anyone can read it, 11 or above.  By,  Alex Roesch"
"The Giver by Lois Lowry tells of a boy named Jonas who lives in a place called the community where everything is the same. When you turn twelve in the community, you are given a life assignment which is chosen by the Elders of the community. But Jonas is not given an assignment. He has been selected to become the new Receiver of Memories, something that only happens once in a lifetime. Jonas soon after meets the most important Elder in the community. He is called the Giver. He holds memories long forgotten, so that they can be passed on and not released into the community. During the course of a year, Jonas learns many things about the past and the present. But when Jonas learns the worst thing a child can learn, he does something no one in the community has ever done. This book was very good, however I do not recommend it for younger readers. The book has a wonderful story plot line. If you are in Grade 5 and up, then this book is definitely for you."
"I really enjoyed this book. It is disturbing but also thought provoking. Jonas lives a good life. He has a kind and supportive family and he has friends, Asher and Fiona. Everything in the community they live in is practical, efficient and standardized so that everyone knows their place, follows the rules and ensures a sustaining society. Feelings such as love were not even understood so that their would be complete productivity. The community decides how each of its members will serve the community by deciding their career path at age 12. He goes through life the way ""he should"" until he turns 12 and is given his assignment. As apprentice to The Giver, Jonas learns that there is more to life than his utopian community. It is difficult to rectify his new knowledge and experiences with his sense of purpose and loyalty to the community. A great book to discuss with young adults about responsibility and freedom vs. efficiency and equality."
"The Giver is science fiction.The main character would be a 12 yearold named Jonas.This is a community that everything is planned for them: their jobs, their clothing, everything!This community wants no mistakes. Well, Jonas gets given the job of the Giver.The person who gives information to people.Uinfortunatly Jonas doesn't want this job tries to quit but finds out that he can't.Therefore Jonas decides on leaving his family and running away with a boy named Gabe.Jonas didn't have what it took to be the giver.the former reciever of memory was the givers daughter but she had failed to, she couldn't handle the work so she ""released"" herself. I won't give much more information because if I do I will spoil the book for you.Just read the book with an opened mind.I got to admit the first 3 chapters are boreing but as you read on you will never want to put your book down again!Read it i's give it an award! GREAT job Louis continue your fantastic work!"
"I picked up this book in an effort to find a suitable replacement for ""The Hunger Games"" since I'm still not comfortable with my daughter reading that series. Her curiosity in dystopian novels is such that I feel compelled to find an age-appropriate novel within the genre that is worth her time. This is no easy feat! Luckily, I truly enjoy a well-written dystopian novel myself, so I was all too excited to delve into this book based on such positive reviews.It was a decent story with a compelling concept. It was, however, written in a very simplistic style, likely with the intent to complement the nature of the characters. Yet, it managed to address some important societal issues, namely the loss of individualism due in part to efforts to rid the world of pain and conflict. I struggled with the end, as did many readers, because it left me with too many unanswered questions that are unfortunately not addressed in the sequels.Just as an aside, this was one of the very few that I enjoyed the movie more than the book!"
"This well-crafted novel purports to be a young reader's novel, but I cannot imagine children or even teenagers getting as much meaning out of it as an adult.  This is unequivocally one of the best pieces of literature of the 20th century.  This novel constantly challenges the reader to adjust his perception of what is real and what is right.  It is definitely a page-turner, full of unexpected twists that force you to readjust the way you interpret circumstances.  The underlying issues --- gritty and complex as they are --- invite, in fact compel, further thought.  Deep thought.  I wanted to talk about this book, as I was reading it and afterwards.  That, to me, is the signature of a classic; it makes me think during and well beyond the course of my reading.  It might even impact my life.  I highly recommend this book for all ages. If you read it in middle school, reread it now.  As an adult, you will appreciate it on a whole different level."
"I first read this book, like most, in junior high as an English requirement.  It turned out to be one of the best books I think I read as a teenager.  There was a lot to learn in this book, like all of Lowry's books.  There is so much emotional detail to the main characters it is impossible to avoid feeling the happiness, sadness, confusion and remorse that they feel.  When I am between reads and looking for another, this has become one of my go to books for a quick re-read.  Although I absolutely love the book itself, I gave it 4 stars due to the nature of the read.  The emotion that is so well written into the characters can really be too much depending on the emotional maturity of the child reading.  I do however recommend this book as a quick, fun and informative read to any adult.  It is truly an eye opener into the issue of the problems of conformity and makes you truly thankful for the freedoms and diversity we have for us today."
"Lowry does an excellent job with scene, emotion and keeping the story moving forward. A few times the dialog was confusing because she has characters speaking, and/or thinking, across multiple paragraphs, mixed in with action or emotional descriptions, so one must make sure they spot the open quotation marks or they may get confused. Otherwise very easy and quick to read, and that's part of the problem with this book. If it was designed to make the reader ponder the events and then discuss them in class she did a good job. But for a reader who wants all the answers, this book will leave them empty at the end. Much is explained and the world comes alive, but much is left out. Perhaps this is due to the perspective of the main character, who lacks universal understanding, but as a reader I wanted more. Reminiscent of books I read in grade school that prompted long discussion in class as to what actually happened at the end of the story."
"This is indeed an amazingly written and well thought-out book.  No wonder it's so well reviewed and awarded.  It really makes you look at society and life in general today, and practically anyone can relate to the main character on some level.  Personally, I wish that I had read this back in middle school and believe that more books along this order (like F. 451, 1984 and Brave New World) should be required reading for students.  Books like this are helpful in teaching younger people to question the way things are and, more importantly: why things are the way they are.  We are short on true thinkers these days, not conformists.  As for my rating, the only thing that keeps this from getting 5 stars is the ending!  I guess I feel that there could have been a little more closure, as with what happens with the main character, but then again, that was probably the intent here; to encourage reflection."
"Just wanted to add my perspective as a mom. Save this book for older children (grade 8 and above) due to content, and because they'll get more out of it. This book appeals equally to adults, and to anyone who enjoys reading about societies that are different from ours (whether futuristic or contemporary). Read it before your children do, and then talk about how this society differs from ours - the pros and the cons, and their reasons for their opinions. My children and I have had some wonderful discussions about what our ""ideal"" society would be, what they think their assigned job would be when they turned 12 if they lived in Jonah's world, as well as the reality of being ""released"" and its similarities to the Holocaust, and more. Hopefully reading this book together will result in even more interesting discussions with your own children. If your children enjoyed this, they may also enjoy Among the Hidden, by Margaret Haddix."
"It's dark and shocking! Therefore, Lois Lowry's 'The Giver' is not what you might expect from a children's book. It's still very good though.  I think it makes some valid points. For example, if we try to hard to be perfect, we will end up destroying each other in the process. However, if we don't care how our lives work out, the same result is likely to happen due to our, um, laziness.  On the subject of it being dark and shocking, I think it needed to be that way because that's how it sticks in your head! For example, every kid has had at least one moment where their parent[s] lied to them for their own selfish reasons, but can you try to imagine what if would be like if you were in Jonas' shoes? How would it feel if you watched a tape one day that exposed your father as a murderer? It may be one of the reasons that the book was banned in many schools, but it was still part of a classic book!"
"When I first read The Giver I was still a child and I loved it!  It was thought provoking novel that kept the reader wanting more.  I recently re-read the book and enjoyed it more than ever.  It is about a young boy named Jonah who lives in the perfect society.  There is no crime, no war, no pain, and nothing to hurt the inhabitants.  However, there is also no happiness or love.  When Jonah turns twelve, he is instructed that he is to become the new receiver of memories and take the place of the previous one.  Jonah has no idea what this involves and is excited to learn.  The job is not what he expected and is about to discover all the secrets that have been hidden from him, and the entire town, his whole life.  If you have read Brave New World by Aldous Huxley and enjoyed it, or have been a reader of Lois Lowry, this book is a must read!  Enjoyable at any age, The Giver is truly an astounding novel."
"This book, no matter how well it is written, is a book that really has no ending or solution to the problems that the author puts forward. I found it to be extremely disturbing and could not wait for the happy ending to come, but it didn't. Some will like it because of its origianl theme but I for one did not enjoy it very much at all. People who read it should know that its ending is depressing (to me it was) and ultimately pointless."
"I was required to buy this book for a class.  I had never heard of the book before.  It became the kind of book that was difficult to put down once I began reading it.  Somewhat unusual story line, but as a future teacher, the book contains so many great concepts from which to teach from.  Highly recommend it, though I would probably not involve children until late middle school."
"I really liked this book and how it was a different world were there was no colors and no memories the only person who had all the memories was the  giver. Thrould the book Jonas was receiving the memories and started seeing  colors. I liked how Jonas got memories of feelings like pain, love, anger,  happiness, and more. I loved this book and you will too. This is a great  pick."
"The description of the book held so much promise and I was intrigued.  Even as I started reading I held out hope that it would get better and when it started like it was going to get interesting, it was over.  I felt like the author ran out of ideas, got bored and just ended the book.  I can't believe it's going to be a movie.  It had so much potential but just didn't deliver."
"In the beginning, the book is a little hard to understand, but once you do not want to put it down.  It is a great book with a good plot and it has a lot of unexpeted turns.  Jonas lives in a community where everything is suposed to be perfect, but as you keep reading you find out what they are missing. The Giver is a great book with an ending that makes you want to read more."
"This book is amazing! My daughter had read this first several years ago and had just finished it again. I took it on a trip with me to read it, after she told me how good it was. Well, I couldn't wait to get back from my trip to discuss it with her. It will definitely make you think about life, and will stay with you for a long time. I definitely recommend it for anyone!"
"This is a YA book which has a lot of the recurring themes seen in many of the genre. Set at an indeterminate point in the future where society has changed greatly taking away individuality and choice. Naturally, someone is going to get a glimpse of how things used to be.The ending is interesting and has sparked plenty of debate. This is a quick and enjoyable read."
"The Giver is a book about a 11 year old boy, who lives in a ""perfect world"". Soon he finds out that the world wasn't aloways perfect because he is the curent Reciver of Memories who is given all the memories of the people before the ""perfect world"". I enjoyed this book very much, but I didn't like how it left off in the end. I would definitly recomend it to this reader!"
"This book makes no real sense. It takes a great concept and creates a very cool world, but then it all fizzles out. Any drama or tension is forced or tacked on, and the plot doesn't make a lot of logical sense. After reading this, I heard about the upcoming movie and saw the trailer. The movie significantly rewrites the plot and it looks like it will be for the better."
This book is very wonderfully written and enchanting. When I first started to read it I couldn't put it down. The author has a great imagination and can really relate to someone or somthing that can be hard to. I recommend this book to everyone (including adults) Its soooo good I reread it over and over again! This would be a great Christmas or b-day gift for any age.
This book is really good because it takes you into a whole new world like alice and wonderland. Well this book is a really creepy book because its a distopia world because they think they're living the perfect life when they're really living a sick life and take away the true colors of life by taking pain and pleasure from life. I'm sure if you read it you'll love it!
This book was assigned to my kids for 7th grade Language Arts.  They did a lot of projects.  We purchased the Cliff Notes as well.  The book is very deep and teachers want them to think and predict throughtout their reading in the classroom.  I found it helpful to read along with them and discuss to help them get their thinking caps on.  Good book...very in-depth...
"I am a middle school teacher, and my 8th graders read this book each winter.  I love the discussions that it produces!  We do a group community project after we finish the reading and the students create their own utopias.  There is so much here, and the ambiguous ending is a great discussion itself!  I will probably use this book in my classroom for a long time!"
"This book has such vivid details of an unfair world.  Sure, everyone is employed, fed, and cared for, but our daily treasures - snow, family, choice - is gone.  But when Jonas becomes the Receiver of Memory, he learns  what life should be.  This life is not the life that existed in his  Communtity, but the life that existed before - and still should exist  today."
"This book set in the future, is about a boy who grows up in a world of plain life with no pain, no feeling and no memories of the past. When he meet the giver he finds out memories of the world's past. And he selects to go on a quest to find out where these memories of happiness, pain and strength came from to change the world that he has known for twelve years."
"After reading Number The Stars, I was anxious to read this book as well.  However, the author must have been at a very dark place in her life. The plot and the ending were horrific.  The ending is not ambiguous--not even close.  I found the setting to be stale, even for the year it was written.  This book has made me angry.  Any messages or lessons to be learned could have been presented in a more humane manner. If you want to read a book that is relaxing, this is not it."
"this book really intrested me,but it was not the best thing i have ever read .it could be one of them .i liked the meaning of the book .that it was showing that we should be happy of how we live in freedom and they lived were they had there whole life planned out for them.so i am glad that i decide to read that book .so overall it was a pretty good book."
"I bought this book because I had interest in the movie coming out and always like to read the book first, if available, and it did not disappoint. It is great for young adults, although as an adult I enjoyed it as well. This version has a beautiful cover and is something I will save for my children to read when they are old enough. Highly recommended!"
"The Giver is an excellent book that can introduce children to reading at a higher level of comprehension.  It is a challenging and interesting story that will captivate and intrigue both children and adults.  If you know a  child who enjoys science fiction or one who just enjoys a facinating  reading experience, The Giver would be an excellent choice."
"What a beautiful book. My son read the book while in school, but I didn't know anything about it until I saw previews for the movie. I'm not sure that anything that I write here would be a worthy review, so I will just say. The Giver is not just a children's book. It is a quick read but you will be thinking about the themes put forth for a long time."
"This story takes place in a future in which there are no choices. There are ordered little communities in which there are many rules and all people's lives are planned out by committees. In one such community, a young boy named Jonas is chosen to recieve the memories of all history. These memories of emotions are taken on by one person in the community to protect all the other people. At first, Jonas is a little scared of his new assignment. After a while, though, he can no longer understand why people have chosen to live without choice and emotion. Thus, he and the Giver, being the only two people with these memories, hatch a plan to try and give these memories back to the community in a hope to change it.  I found this book to be extremely interesting. I would recommend it to anyone, but especially to people who like deep, science-fiction type books."
"I've read my share of books day in and day out of my life but few stay with me like Lois Lowry's ""The Giver.""  I first picked it up in fifth grade and never understood it leading me to buy a copy and re-reading it to see what I missed.  Little did I know it turned out more haunting the  more times I read it.The title character Jonas goes through a  rollarcoaster ride in this novel that even adults should read as well.  Imagine living in a ""negative society"" like that of 1984, this  book does just that again but everything is more controlled.  Imagine  having no pain, no true feelings, no love, and this books strips you clean  and makes you proud of the world you live in today.The ending is left  unexplained like my weekly ""X-Files"" and left for the reader to  decide what really happens.The books is sad, I've read it at least 8  times now, and I'm 17 years old.  This is how much this book has molded me  into a greater person.No doubt if you pick up this book it *will* change  your life."
"In The Giver twelve year old Jonas has to become the Giver.  The Giver alone holds the true memories of the true pain and pleasure of life.  The giver was written by Lois Lowry.  It also won the Newberry award in 1994.  Jonas lives in a community.  He has many friends including his best friend Asher.  He has two sisters named, Lily and Gaberiele and his two parents.  His life is just perfect.  Now that he turns twelve he has to become the Giver.  In the beginning he dosn't want to be the Giver.  Towads he dosn't mind because he enjoys seeing the memories although some are painful.  I would give this book three out of five stars because there are hard words and it is hard to understand. I don't reccomend this book to you because it is hard to understand.  Some other books by this award winning author are ""A Summer to Die and Number the Stars."""
"The Giver is a great science fiction book for young adults to read because it deals with tales and stories of human society from the past and tries to enlighten them in the present and future.  The main characters were Jonas, who was a boy of twelve, has been selected to be the Receiver of Memory and  The Giver, who once used to be the receiver and now has to give his power  to Jonas.  Jonas doesn't think it's fair that he has to suffer the pain of  remembering so many secrets of the past while everyone else isn't.  In  their world, there were no colors, no pain, no love, and there's barely any  choice to do what you want.  After holding so much power of remembrance  Jonas doesn't think that the world he lives in is a perfect world after  all.  So in the end Jonas and the The Giver makes a plan to escape the  utopian world to find freedom and true life."
"This book is very interesting and detailed. To begin with, it is about a boy who lives in a large city that is colorless and the same in temperature year round. When you are 12 years old your job in life is decided for you. There are family units with 2 children (1girl and boy). There are no real grades but ages that you learn by. Everybody in this city turns a different age in December. If twins are born and are both the same genders they weigh them and see which one is smaller and kill it. It is called the Giver because the boy becomes it. A Giver is a person that takes all the memories from years and years over time. Then when you turn old they put you in the old house. When you're too old they kill you. In this book he finds memories and color. He also finds what the world is really like outside of the town. Louis Lowery is one my favorite authors."
"In this book Jonas lives in a world where there is no disease, no war, no murder and no individuality. Everyone wears the same clothes, they live in the same type of homes and are assigned jobs as well as parents. There are no cars either just bikes that everyone use to get around on. There is also no color or vibrancy at all as well as they have a specific way of speaking and do not know what most of our words now mean. Such as ""love', when Jonas uses this term that he is taught by The Receiver of Memory his mother scolds him and says ""precision of language Jonas!"" Most of our words now and the things we are accustomed to now are long outdated and gone in the book. I really enjoyed reading this book because it was very well written and I liked the story line altogether. Lois Lowry is a great author and many of her books are well-known."
"Excellent story. A strong influence from my childhood and helped shape my political views of Life, Liberty, and Personal Property."
"I'm a big fan of YA lit, and friends have been telling me for years - oh, you've got to read The Giver! Well, finally I did, and man, I could not put it down. Jonas lives in a dystopian society, and at the age if 12, people in his society are given their adult job, and begin training for their role.Well, Jonas gets the unhappy and unexpected position of The Giver. He's to receive all the memories from the past world from the one man who still holds them all. Yes, the lucky Jonas gets to fully experience lethal war wounds along with Christmas day... How that impacts Jonas' life in the community is the story.One warning - it doesn't properly end - the author sort of cuts it off in an exciting point and we never quite find out what happens. If you're cool with ambiguous endings - this is a very engaging YA book, even for 30-year-olds."
"This book came out when I was in fourth grade, and ever since then I've read it every six months.  This book is incredibly well written and accessible to readers of all ages, though some elements of the story will be lost on younger readers. Nevertheless, this is a valid and pertinent work.  ""The Giver"" touches on so many aspects of humanity, from adolescence to maturity, that any purpose-minded reader will come away with a greater perspective, regardless of the number of times read.  Even without these poignant elements it is a truly entertaining book that is hard to put down from beginning to end.For those who like nice-wrapped-up-no-loose-ends endings that spell every little detail out, you probably won't like this ending, for it does make you think and extrapolate information and to some extent use your imagination.  However, seeing as the book is written for young adults, I'm sure that most readers would be able to glean much from this story regardless of personal inclinations and preferences."
"I think that The Giver was a phenomenal book that is worth reading.  Lois Lowry made the book trying to  make the  reader think.  She makes you always want to read more and ends  chapters at the perfect points.  The book keeps building up and gets better every chapter.  In Jonas's world where everything is perfect nobody has choices or decisions.  Lois Lowry is trying  to get across to the reader that with pain comes pleasure,and love.  That theory is what makes this book the five star book that it really is.  The ending, though, was disappointing.  It does not make much sense and leaves you with a  lot of  questions.  In  my opinion, to perfect this book you must have another chapter tying everything together and concluding the book.  Even with this said, I would recommend this book to anyone. Lois Lowry has written a fantastic book!!"
"This is one the best books i have ever read. You really have to read it twice though to understand it completely. I have read the book many more times than that though because the story is so brilliant. Its a little hard to describe it because you can't know its true meaning until you actually read it. I read it when i was in 6th grade and I still love it 3 years later. Adults even appreciate it; I've heard many adults also say its one of the best books I've ever read. If you like reading, you'll love this book. If you don't like to read, maybe this book will change your mind. Peace y'll! ;-)"
"I read The Giver by Lois Lowery. It was a good book, but very confusing. It you are a person who likes to read difficult books and like science fiction this is a book for you.  The main character is a twelve year old boy named Jonas. He lives in a town that is basically perfect where there is no pain and no color.  Jonas gets to become Reciever of Memory where he receives memory of snow, war, the ocean, ect. He is getting memories of the world before it turned perfect.  It is a very compelling story. I think it was a very good book. You might need to read it a second time to fully get it."
"I really liked the book!  It is about a futurerestic town.  The author wrote it so well that you wont be able to put it down.  It is about an 11 year old boy who is worried about what job he will get when he turns 12.  It was hard at first to understand the way they speak, but I got used to it by a couple of chapters.  The only thing I did not like was the ending.  The last couple of chapters did not seem like the charactor would do something like that at all.  Then the last page did not make any sense to me.  The end was a little dissapointing but it is diffinitly worth reading!!!"
"I am a twelve year old kid, but I can still tell when something is amazing. Ever since I read ""The Giver"" it has been my favorite book. It is not only fabulous for kids, my whole family read it and they  all loved it.""The Giver"" is very entertaining. It is so full  of imagination that it takes you to an other world. Once you start reading  this book,you won't be able to put it down because it is so wonderful, so  make sure that you got time to spare!I would greatly reccomend this  amazing book to you because it was definitely the best one I ever read."
"This book is about a boy named Jonas. He lives in a town that's really scary.- Docotrs give everyone a pill when they start to get ""Love feelings""- They have people called ""Birthmothers"" that have kids.- No one can see color- When twins are born, the lightest one is given a shot to die and then thrown out. (There can't be doubles in a boring town like this)Well, anyway, I read this book last year in my 7th grade class. About 160+ pages.""The Giver"" is the dude who teaches Jonas to see color.Ok, I know it sounds boring, but IT'S NOT! It's a page turner. :) Enjoy."
"Although few pages, it touches down on so many aspects of life that are taken for granted, while creating a world that can be politically & religiously deciphered as well.  It is a book that I vaguely remember reading when I was younger, yet now, reading it at the age of 23 I have such a deeper appreciation of the complexity that is this piece.In response to the critics before me, I believe the ending to be exactly what it should be... simple and somewhat open-ended.  Unlike so many books.... the emphasis is what we should all have more appreciation for... the journey."
"we read this past year in english class. i fell head over bum for this book. this is an amazing read(even tho it was forced up pon us by a teacher!) in a book store i would have tottaly looked past this book because i normaly wont read this kinda book, but even if your not into mistory books, this is one that is written so well that it really wont matter what u like to read. its just that good. the story line is amazing and you really conect with jonas. hes a brave soul. we should have more people in this world like him. it would sherly make this big bad world a better place."
"After all the hype I read about this book, I was, to say the least, disappointed. Perhaps it is more receptive to the young adult audience in which it is categorized. I found it to be nothing more that an elaborate episode of the ""Star Trek"" television series.(Minor spoiler) I also found the plot device with the sled, much less significant than ""Rosebud"" was to ""Charles Foster Kane.""Despite the ills and problems of modern society, I find it more appealing than the bland one, sort of an upbeat version of the one in ""1984,"" depicted in this short, two-sitting read."
"Even though the book is an easy read, it's not worth investing yourself into the plot because there is not a proper ending. You are simply left hanging. At first I thought I received an incomplete download! (Kindle) Especially after reading the introduction where the author boasts it was written like her previous books with characters, plot, setting, tension, and climax. That's literally what you get. Nothing after climax. No ending. Very sad as this unfinished essay could have been finished into a fabulous novel. Maybe the movie will make amends, but I'm not that hopeful."
"It's not ""1984"" or ""Brave New World"". The writing does not measure up to even the less well known Huxley or Orwell novels. But, it is not just some dumbed-down version of a dystopian tale, or a gussied up action/adventure fantasy with a message.  Rather, it is thoughtful and workmanlike attempt to introduce ya readers to dystopian literature and to literary novels of ideas. (It that regard it seems to be in the same class as Bradbury's ""Fahrenheit 451"".) I don't see how you help a reader grow into more adult fare without having this volume at least available."
"The Giver is a very intelllectual book,it really makes you think. After reading it I realized how much I take for granted. Simple things like deciding what I want to wear or what I eat for lunch. The Giver gives  a good idea about what ""the perfect world"" would be like. No pain, no bad memories to haunt you, a place where everybody is equal."
"I pre-read this before I turned it over to my 11 y.o. I am seriously impressed with what passes for ""Young Adult"" literature these days. It reminds me of Aldous Huxley's ""Brave New World"" or more aptly Ayn Rand's ""Anthem"". This book ranks right up there with these lofty tomes. I am still amazed at what a wonderful ""Young Adult"" book this was."
"I thought this book was very interesting, but it did not grab my attention like most other books I have read.  Some of it was confusing, but in the end everything finally came.  The concept of the book was great, but it could of been better if it was more elaborate.  I think that you should read this if you want a good book on a rainy day! =)"
Our world today is totally different than Jonas's world. I liked that noone in his world had bad memories about the past to deal with. Only the Giver and Jonas the Receiver of memories received the memories of pain and color.  I also likedthat everyone over 12 had a job in the community. Those are some of the many reasons I liked this book.
I thought this book was one of the best I have ever read in my life. I could not put it down. I spent hours thinking about it after I read it. I had a new understanding for life after I read it and how memories are so important. I definantly recomend that you should read this book. It dose  not matter if you are 12 or 50 you will love it.
I figured out what the end was going to be and dreaded getting there.  It was not an enjoyable book to read.  I saw in our local paper that it was listed as a youth book.  I think this would be very disturbing to a youth of 11 or 12.  That is the age of the book's main character.  I would not have any reason to read more of this series.
"This book is awesome to read when you are bored or when you just feel like reading. I really enjoyed this book because it talks about how the future society isnt perfect even though they try to perfect it and how feeling of pain and sufferage needs to be there even though they block it. Great book to read, you should definately get it."
"I bought this book for my daughter. She needed it for some kind of school project that she was doing. I was really pleased with the option to buy new or used and also with the price. It made the book very affordable for us. It took a while to come though. I think we waiting for over a week, but other than that we were pleased with it."
"When I first saw The Giver's cover I didn't know what to think. When I started reading the book it wasn't all that great, but as i got into the middle of the book I had to slow down because I couldn't really understand it. To me this defenintly is not a child book! I thought the book was okay, but it's up to the reader to decide."
"If you enjoy anything that has to do with morality within humanity, you should read this book. It makes one think of what life may really be like in the future, and also what could happen in our lifetime. It was written for children, but I am an adult, and have many adult friends who also enjoyed this book for it's moral questioning."
"The Giver was an extremely thought-provoking novel. It made the reader think about topics that they probably take for granted. It gives insight into another culture where people are not encouraged to think for themselves or show individualism. Although it is not action packed, it is very stimulating and generates a lot of discussion."
"Jonas in his perfect world (no poverty, no sickness, no crime, no color, no music, basically communism controls)...goes through some changes. Big changes, not ur ordinary puberty changes. He starts to see things and feel things others dont. I really dont want to spoil the book. REad it! I have read it about 4 times. Great great book!"
"So many people love this book, but I should have heeded the warnings of my sister & son, neither of whom liked it. Uh-oh indeed.Just like Jonas, I found this entire society frustrating as hell. Initially I thought it was all quite interesting, & maybe even headed somewhere, but it turns out, it was 200 pages to no where."
"A great book that really pulls you into it. The plot is great and develops smoothly. The characters are well developed and the book itself is written greatly. This book is recommended reading for anyone who likes this style, and some who might not. When i first started reading it i really didnt want to but then it just pulled me in."
"Very disappointed, it just ended with no ending."
"I LOVE the book The Giver, which is why I was so excited to see a gift edition. I bought this because it looked genuinely deluxe. Well, it really isn't.The illustrations in the text are nice, but the binding of the book is a big disappointment. That lovely image shown above is not what the physical book looks like, it is merely an image printed onto a dust jacket. I was expecting something along the lines of the gift edition of Lamb by Christopher Moore (seen here [..])Don't buy this if you are expecting something really special. If you just want an illustrated copy, then this might be fine. For me, it's just a disappointment."
"I loved this book. It's great for all ages and is a fun quick read. My class and I just finished it and mostly everyone liked it. (We are in 7th grade) I think this is a good book for anyone looking for a fun, short  story. But, i have to say the end (excuse my language) Sucked! Lois if  you're out there i'm sorry but try again."
The Giver is an interesting perspective I did not imagine before.  I would recommend this book to every age because the language used is very easy to understand specially to speakers of other languages besides English.  I had the chance to read its translation briefly but it is not the same as the original. Great book to read!!
"This is an excellent book for a book club, or school class to read and discuss.  However, I would not recommend this book to anyone under the age of 13 years, because the community, in the book, practices euthanasia.  The book takes a thought-provoking look at what the world would look like if we could not think for ourselves."
"The Giver is a well-written novel that should be read by more than just children.  It causes one to contemplate the role of government, community and society.  The book builds itself well, exposing one detail at a time of the controlled society in which Jonas lives.  It is easy-to-read, well-paced and has a classic ending."
"This book is like reading graffiti on a bathroom stall- there is not point in finishing but I might as well since I'm sitting  here. Any fool can write an anecdote describing a situation, but this book clearly demonstrates that not all writers are able to create a complete STORY. This book lacks a full story, any type of explanation or reason and is utterly stupid."
"I read this book a few years ago when I was in 4th grade. I am in 7th grade now.  Some people think that this book would scare little kids.  It never scared me.  I just loved it.  I do think that it is a super good book for more mature kids.  I have read this book so many times that I cant  count any more.  I just want to say that the Giver is the best fiction book  that I have ever read.  I recommend it to all mature readers.  This book  has so much depth in it.  The first time I read it I cried,  it was so  good.  I never cry while reading (except for when I read Gone With The Wind  at the end). After I read it,  i later rocommended it to my friends.  They  all read it and said that it was the best book that they had ever read.  I  just want to say that it is amazing and wonderful and touching and makes  you feel wonderful.  Luv YA!"
"Jonas is a kid who lives in the perfect world; nothing goes wrong. There are rules about everything: about how many children per family, about marriage and about your job.When the ""Ceremony of Twelves"" takes place, Jonas is selected as ""Receiver of Memory,"" the most important job in the community.  He receives the memory of the past in which he finds wisdom. Nobody in the community has a memory of the past except for the ""Receiver of Memory""  They do not have memories of snow or even color and they do not have feelings.  ""THEY KNOW NOTHING.""As Receiver of Memory, Jonas wants to change that. He and the Giver plot for Jonas to escape to ""Elsewhere,"" where there are colors and feeling but also suffering. This will release Jonas' memory on his community, undoing ""Sameness.""A great story, yet with an unclear end.MB"
"This book is about a young boy far in the future that gets assigned a very important job. He lives in a community where everbody is equal.  Nobody can see color or have memories of their pasts.  There is only one person in this community that has these memories; he is called the reciever of memories.  The reciever's name is the Giver.  The boy, Jonas, is assigned to be the next reciever.  The giver has to transport all of his memories from the past to Jonas.  When he gives Jonas the memories he loses them.  He gives him memories like war, family, love, and hurt.  All of these things are only understood by Jonas and the Giver.  This is the best book I have read in a long time.  I do not enjoy reading very much, but this book hooked me.  I read it in three days.  I recommend this book for people who like the idea of the future and have a curiousity about different lifestyles."
"Lois Lowry is a great and imaginative writer. She writes with an opened mind. Which is a very good thing. Having a opened mind lets you explore and imagine anything. The Giver was a great book all except the ending. The ending is like a big drop off. The ending is ambiguous and lets you think what happened insted  of it telling you the real ending. I do like the fact that you get to pick your own ending you to your liking. The one thing that you need to have is a good ending or the reader wont remember the good parts only the last part which was a ""Bad"" ending. The sequelscame out a long time after the the first book. Those books made up for the ""Bad"" ending that you had read. Over all the book is Great and i would recomend it.  Sencerly,  The Giver Reader"
"This book is truly awesome!  Before my reading class started to read this, we were asked to write an essay of what our perfect ""utopia"" would look or be like. The beginning is sort of confusing, but after chapters 7 and 8 you wanna really get into it!  Jonas lives in a perfect world, where everything is the same.  No one sees color, there is no pain or hunger, and mostly everything is controlled.  But then, when Jonas is told what his job is to be, it is something he never expected.  He is to be the Reciever Of Memory, the one who recieves ALL the memories of the past, even before people went to, as Ms. Lowry calls it, Sameness.  Jonas learns the true pain that people felt before Sameness.  He can ask any question and recieve an answer, because of his high honer.  This book is really great, and it gets your mind thinking, ""What would it be like?"""
"My Review consists of the following coments... 1)In the book ""the Giver"" there were many topics and many characters that made the book so much more interesting and so much more indepth that readers from age 10-100 could read this book and all of them would get something different from it. 2)The author made this book have more then 1 topic which made it so you didn't get stuck with 1 topic and then get bored with the book in the first 15 minutes of reading. 3)When I picked up ""the Giver"" looking for a good and interesting book to read and I deffinetly got the book I was looking for.Sence my first reading of this book I have read it 5 times, I can't put this book down.I get down with it and then start all over on chapter 1. The last thing that I want to say is thank you Lois Lowry for writing such a wonderfull book, hope to read more of your books."
"The Giver is a fictional book which takes place in a (location unknown) utopian society.  The main character is Jonas.  Jonas is raised in this society by his father, a nursery worker, and his mother, a Department of justice worker.  At the ""Ceremony of 12"", Jonas will be assigned a job, in which he will do for the rest of his life.  When Jonas is passed  by all the known jobs he is told he will be the ""receiver"".  His  job is to receive the memories of all that's real, color, sun, snow, love,  war, and death, from the ""giver"".  He will eventually replace the  giver and in time pass down his memories to a new receiver.  The people in  the utopian society don't expirience color and other things we do.(..).  The Giver is a great action as well  as mystery book for all ages.  The plot is well written and the characters  are well developed."
"The central themes in The Giver bring up a common question. What would life be like without emotions? Pain and suffering? Love? Personal choice? War? Color? I can't even begin to imagine what life would be like if there was not color. Lois Lowry does an amazing job of describing the life of a young boy named Jonas in a community lacking emotions and responsibility. Through Jonas, we the readers are given insight into what life would be like in a community like that.While I was reading The Giver, I realized that this book is very much like Brave New World by Aldous Huxley. Both authors chose to write about a place where basic human rights are stripped away without the citizens even knowing there is something missing. I think that The Giver was written for a younger and less complex audience than Brave New World, but they are both very good books."
"The GiverBy Louis Lowry The Giver is about a future society where everything has gone to sameness.  The weather, colors, and daily routine are the same for everybody in the community every single day.  The government has done this in order to create a ""perfect"" life for everyone.  They have completely eliminated choices!  The only problem is that they have to store the memories with one person.  Not one other person knows a thing about the past.  There are no memories for anyone, happy or sad, except for the Receiver.  It is a huge burden to bear.  The Giver, the old Receiver, and the Receiver have decided it is time to release memories to the rest of the community. Louis Lowry really warns against the dangers of losing our rights of basic freedom.  The author is definitely one for freedom of choice.  This book was banned because of the references to euthanasia, infanticide, and violent and sexual passages.  I feel that this book is appropriate for the age group to which it was directed.  These are real issues in today's times and today's children are the ones who will deal with these topics the most.  I feel that she did a favor towards the future's society by introducing the youth to these topics that could very possibly get out of hand if not dealt with."
This book is wonderful.I recomend this book to people over 12 because it is intense and it is a tear jerker in many places in the book. I believe Jonas in the book is right in almost everything he says. He is definately right. He is the main character. He can do things that no one else can do. It is a good book.
"in my own opinion, anyone who gave this book under four stars deosnt know good literature. this book is addicting, i couldnt put it down. at  some parts it can get confusing, so for ages 10 and up. but well written really made me think about concepts we never think about. GET THIS BOOK, its just to good to watse"
"""The Giver"" is an excellent book and really captures the reader. I greatly enjoyed the origional and creative plot, and I couldn't put the book down until I was done. ""The Giver"" makes you think quite a lot about your own life. It is wonderfully written and I hope you take the time to read this fasanating book."
The idea of the book isn't bad.  And I realize it's written for a younger audience but I feel the author skipped a lot of key character and plot development opportunities.  I don't mind the un-ending as much as the lack of depth prior to the ending.  Another 100 pages of development could have helped immensely.
"The Giver is the best book that I have read in a very long time and would recommend it to anyone who asked me about it. The only thing is, I didn't really like how it ended. Oh, well. There's nothing that I can do about that. Nor would I wish to. In any case, It's the best book I've read in a long time. Period."
"The Giver CD was a nice addition to my reading class.  The speaker on the CD is easy to understand.  However, I was disappointed because the chapters were not marked.  You had to search for the chapter each day.  If the publisher had been smart, he would have marked the chapters like songs are marked on CD's."
"This book was a quick read and I couldn't wait to find out what happened in the end, but I have to say I was disappointed with the ending and was left wanting more. There was a lot left unresolved in the book and I either wanted another book to resolve those questions in the story or wanted the full ending."
"I have never stopped thinking about the book, even though I read it seven years ago. It has made me continue to think about how precious liberties and freedoms are. It is a gripping story of a world of regulated perfection, and how easy it is to slip into believing that safety is worth the price of freedom."
"I actually (accidentally) purchased this book twice, as I assumed I has only read the sample; when in fact the ending just really stinks an feels as if it has no closure. I am told, though, that the 2nd and 3rd book goore in depth and may make up for that ""Did it really just end like that?""feeling."
I remember reading this book when I was little for school and it's the one book that really got me to think critically at a young age. It's got beauty and sorrowful passages that really capture the minds of young readers while still giving an in-depth reading for more mature minds. What a fantastic novel.
"Touching. One word that flows. Beautiful, sad, amazing. It is all that! When I finished it I was literally CRYING. Really! No kidding. It was beautiful ad touching.I was dying. Dying!! For the sequal, but like there isn't one connected to The Giver. Like no more Jonas. Sadly. I recommend this book for everyone."
"Stop giving this damningly good book 1 star just because it has adult themes. If you don't like your kids reading this then take your complaining to the school, but don't tarnish this wonderful book with low ratings. Idiots. GRRRRRRRRRR. Yea maybe its too mature but how does that mean its bad? There is no connection there."
"The Giver is a great book. I have read it twice because the first time I read it I was little and i didnt understand it. The second time i read it i enjoyed it much more, i would reccomend this book to juinor high students. It gives you an idea of what tyhe worl would be like without color and with  many other differences."
"""The Giver"" is a must-read book for both tweens and adults. Lois Lowry delivers a powerful message in a compelling story, which is written in a lively and lovely manner. My 12-year-old son loved it as much as I did. Ms. Lowry has made a note-worthy contribution to modern day literature. Read it! Have your kids read it!"
"This book is my favorite of any I have ever read. It iscaptivating, sad, happy and descripitive all in one. This is a mustread for everyone. I can compare it to favorites like the Harry Potter series, and ""Girl Interrupted"" by Susanna Kaysen. This book is amazing and something everyone should experience.  END"
"I'm not what most people would call a ""reader."" If I read more than two new books a year, it has been a good year. That being said, I usually manage to re-read ""The Giver"" once a year as it is, by far, my favorite book. I connect with the protagonist so well and no one can rightfully speak ill of Lois Lowry's writing."
"Emotionally charged and relevant politically today.  Simple, powerful book both young and old will love.  A world we all lived in, but grew out of.  Why?  How?  Add it to your childs book list, treat yourself and talk about it.  Great subject matter for the dinner table.  Are we in there?  The ending is inspirational."
"I read this book about a year ago and it made me react. I felt so sorry for the people who lived there. Then again, I felt sorry for Jonas because of everything that he had to go through. This book has an amazing plot but the ending is pretty hard to understand. It would be nice to know what  happened to Jonas and Gabe after leaving."
"Im 15,and i tought that this book takes to much time to get to the punch line and what about that ending, come on, what happens does he die does he get to an other place is he hallucinating i dont know it was a very boring book and i do not recommend it to people my age they will find it boring trust me i read it."
"Out of all the books I have read by Lois Lowry, this one is the one that I have most enjoyed. Her imaginary dystopian world makes me rethink what I take for granted, such as freedom, or simply color. The mysterious end makes me want more.  I recommend this book to anyone older and who understands our world today."
"The Giver is one of those stories that keeps you involved from start to finish.  You spend much of the book trying to figure out where you are, only to discover that the utopia does not exist.  I would recommend this book to anyone looking for a great book to read!"
"My school had chosen this book for us to read, as always I groaned, not wanted to read it. But once I started reading. I couldn't set my kindle down! I finished it in two days and I would definitely recommend ""The Giver"" to anybody. Here I go, reading it again."
"I liked this book very much!  Made me, as an adult, THINK!  This is the second time reading it with my nieces and nephews as an assigned summer reading.  I do think the imagery is too difficult for them to understand, in parts. Very mature comprehension levels."
"The first book in the four book set kept me wondering what was going to happen in the  strange community where the people abide by rules and without memories of the past.  Now I'm curious what the author, Lois Lowry will tell in her second book Gathering Blue!"
"I am now almost 18 and I hav probably read this book a billion times. Just this past school year, I used this book for a psychology paper. This book is a classic and anyone who reads it should also one day read ""Brave New World."" Good job, Ms. Lowry."
"Solid start and middle, but it gets pretty weak at the end. A very quick read. People looking for a good sci-fi / political commentary should read Starship Troopers by Heinlein (ignore the horrible movie on it -- it really has nothing in common with the book)."
"An excellent story..  I found it a fascinating read...  very different from anything I've read before... It gives the reader a lot to think about in life and the choices we make to change things that are not comfortable with us, and what we believe is wrong.."
I had read this years ago and decided to re-read when the movie came out. Spoiler alert-the movie takes huge liberties and goes way beyond the book. I liked the book and showing how a society could be massively changed and not necessarily in a positive way.
This has been a favorite story of mine for years so when it was on my daughter's required summer reading school list I did a little dance of joy. I opted for the hard cover version so that I would have a nice copy for myself once she was finished reading.
"This book is good to read when you are alone and in a quiet place . If our world was like Jonas's it would be great , there'd be no violence , no war  ,and no pain. After you start you can't stop . If the stars could go higher I would give it 100 stars."
We had to read this last year in 7th grade for a project and then we had to make our own Utopia. Mine was called Alpha and Omega (christian world). anywho this book was amazing the end made me cry. It was just so beautiful. If you buy this book you won't be sorry. Trust me!
This is THE best book I've ever read. I read it for he first time when I was 10. It opened my mind so much. I would reccomend it to anyone of any age. It's the kind of book that you'restill thinking about for days after you finish it. I'm sure it will stick with me for life.
Spoiler alert Harry Potter dies at the end... Just kidding. I loved this book and I couldn't put it down. Written very well but the ending leaves a little to be desired. Seriously if you need a good vacation or plane book I recommend this one. It is also a very nice size.
I began reading The Giver thinking I would read a simple tale written for my grandkids but realized quickly that it was an epic philosophical study and warning about what we stand to lose as we strive for more more convenient and organized lives. Hooray for nonconformity.
"Don't bother downloading the sample of this kindle edition. You won't get to read even one word of the book. Just paging through the table of contents wastes 50% of the allotted sample and the rest is the author's introduction. So much for ""try before you buy."""
"This is a fantastic book. I first read this in elementary school, before it was famous. This is a great pick for young readers, but teens and adults will be challenged accordingly. Step into the parallel universe of the creative mind of Lois Lowery and expect greaness."
"I remember reading this in 5th grade--read it again as an adult, and then learned it was part of a quartet. Bought the series and couldn't be happier--great, light, fun read that had some really great points about community and society. I absolutely love this quartet!"
"I'm not sure how I feel about this book.  In some ways I liked it but in others I didn't.  I would have liked to know more about ""Elsewhere"".  Maybe more about how everyone reacted to the memories.  If it changed the way they thought about things.  Very strange book."
"The book is very interesting. You starting thinking (ajkan) what is life without pain and love! I rally enjoyed to read this book, very good writing. A boy o twelve who doesn't know the raeal world, comes into it, and learn much things!! Very good book, and infomativ"
I am a middle school teacher and I read this book for a professional development course I am taking. I was really surprised how well it kept my attention as an adult even though it is more geared toward 12-15 year-olds. My son also read it and enjoyed it very much.
This an awesome book. Lois Lowry is already a great author but this makes her more so. This is a very moving story about how Jonas tries to save the community using change. This implies the message change is good. He has to face hardships of all sorts.
"A dystopia is an illusion of a perfect world and is usually created from previous war or famine as a way to prevent history from repeating itself. Society seems to be functioning better, but the protagonist realizes it is all a ruse where people follow the rules blindly, even if that means resorting to murder. The Giver has been one of the bestselling books of all time. The Givers main character, Jonas, faces difficult trials as he realizes his society is not the perfect world he was taught to believe. Sameness (106) is where everyone exercises uniformity. Civilians are assigned jobs, spouses, and children. When the ceremony of twelve proceeds, Jonas is singled out and given the responsibility of the receiver of memory (76). He is the only one assigned this job and his world changes forever from that moment. Through his training with the distinguished elderly man, known as The Giver, Jonas absorbs memories of the past. Among the memories of darkness rests some of shimmering hope. One memory that is mentioned throughout the book is sled riding in the winter. Most people can relate to that memory as they look back upon their own childhood. The elements of being assigned a spouse and having children predetermined may also shock the reader. In our modern day society, it is unimaginable that a community would consent to be partnered with an unrelated family, whom they do not genuinely love.  The book progresses from Jonas glimpsing the color red to seeing vibrant colors within a year of being chosen. Jonass father adopts a baby named Gabriel that may need to be released (12) if his behavior does not change. Jonas learns the true meaning of the phrase release when he watches his father inject an identical twin and push its limp body down a garbage chute. This relatively small act required of his everyday job is appalling to the reader and helped to further the plot. He and The Giver then hatch an escape plan for Jonas, but it is spoiled when his emotionless father tells him he will release baby Gabriel the next morning. Later that night Jonas grabs the baby and a bike. He pedals towards freedom across the forest until he comes upon voices.  The movie follows some of the books plot, but has a flare for the dramatic to capture the attention of a more modern audience. Jonas and Fiona begin a forbidden romance. Also, the elders who were mentioned briefly in the book, are not innocent and plot to keep their society unchanged. The theme of this book shows how everyone should have an option to choose their life. Although this book has a good message, it could have included more details. The book skips from Jonass ceremony to a year later, after training with The Giver. The reader could grow confused as to why Jonas would want to leave his society in the first place. Jonas and The Giver claim that the memories will be released if he were to leave. However, this doesnt make physical sense, but can be a good metaphor for how memories shape a persons life."
"Original Post: The Giver (Giver Quartet 1) at FLYLF (reviews.flylef.com)THE GIVER BEGINS Lois Lowrys beloved quartet series with a haunting story that revolves around a boy named Jonas who is apprehensive about turning twelve. The Ceremony of Twelve is the last of the ceremonies  the most important - when each Twelve is assigned their crucial life assignment in the Community, and their age is no longer recorded. At the ceremony, Jonas was not assigned like his peers, but rather chosen, to be the Receiver of Memory. It is the most prestigious and honorable position held by a Communitys Elder, whose purpose is to be the sole keeper of memories; and with his Capacity to See Beyond, to impart wisdom and guidance in the Community.Ms. Lowry builds a seemingly ideal, if colorless, Community of conformity and contentment, or Sameness. But as the storyline unfolds, she very subtly and effortlessly reveals the strangeness of this Utopia. As The Giver (former Receiver of Memory) begins to pass on his memories to Jonas, Jonas slowly gains the capacity to see beyond and to comprehend the dark and deadly secrets behind his fragile Community. In order to save himself and those he loves dearly, he plots to escape the Communitya challenge that takes the story to a fever pitch.This is a deeply thought-provoking book; both in its emotionally oppressed dystopia, and in its rich characters. I couldnt help but fall in love with sweet and docile 2-year old Gabriel, whose inability to sleep through the night puts him in grave danger of being released. Fearful of any harm that might come to him, I devoured the last few chapters of the book, rushing breathlessly to the end. Perhaps, this is because I have young sons myself. The story left me feeling highly satisfied and I look forward to reading Gathering Blue."
"Spoiler-free SnippetThe Giver, by Lois Lowry, is one of those books I somehow missed out on reading in school. I recently grabbed it from the library and gave it a read. My overall impression of the book is that it was quite short and quite sad. Definitely written for a young audience, the story nonetheless deals with very real dystopian issues in a society where color and emotion are gone. I wish the book had been longer and that a little more about the society had been explored in juxtaposition to the vague memories the reader is shown. It was a good short story, and I would feel safe calling it a solid introduction to dystopian fiction for young and old  a READ.Here, There Be SpoilersThe Giver follows a young boy on the cusp of his cultures rite of passage into adulthood: becoming a twelve and being assigned a profession. In the community where Jonas lives, everything seems as wonderful as a black and white sitcom and works like a well-oiled machine. At the age of 12, children transcend into adulthood by being assigned a job to train for, and Jonas is assigned to the rare Receiver position.As a Receiver, Jonas is responsible for holding the memories and subsequent emotions of hundreds of years, while the rest of the community operates in blissful ignorance.Throughout the entire story, I found myself overwhelmingly sad. It was predictable, but not in a negative way. The world was one of overarching melancholy, feeling lonely and hollow.The concept of the Giver and Receiver (the Giver being what the old Receiver calls himself) is explored in relation to an unfeeling society. At first glance, we see the family units sharing feelings daily, along with rituals of forgiveness, apology, and affection. As Jonas gets more memories  things like riding a sled, a broken bone, or war  he realizes that all the emotions being felt around his community are merely facades of what they could be. Jonas can see color, which has been bled out of his comrades, who ostensibly see only in black and white.I think the culture presented in The Giver is something that will always be relevant, as humans often seek to escape the truly powerful bad emotions, and often are willing to sacrifice the height of the good to avoid the depths of the bad. For this culture, removing war, poverty, hunger, and a variety of lesser evils from their society was worth losing true joy, love, excitement, and contentment.Since the community doesnt really feel, they have no concept of true emotion. Its hard to understand depth of emotion if your most intense feeling is mild frustration. One interesting facet is the focus on precision of language and how it removed the so-called vague word love from their diction. Jonas mother calls love a very generalized word, so meaningless that it has become almost obsolete. The control of language in this way is similar to Orwells 1984.The ending of the story felt a bit sudden. Jonas flees the community with no preparation and just pedals his bike into the middle of nowhere. Though he and the Giver had planned to have him escape so that the memories he had absorbed would flow back into the community, I almost feel like the Giver knew quite well that Jonas would end up dying (I interpret the ending of the book as a death, though same may not). My feeling is that the Giver knows only by letting those memories leak back in will society begin to feel again, and the more experienced Receiver is the one that must work to heal the panic that will pour through the community. I dont think this is malicious, but a calculated sacrifice  Jonas becomes the true Giver, in a sense.For me, the authors main point is that the essence of humanity comes from a variety of vibrant emotions. Passion, love, and joy will always have the opportunity to be skewed for different circumstances, even if we attempt to create a utopia. Perhaps eliminating these feelings is the only way to prevent the more unfortunate feelings. Are fleeting moments of happiness worth experiencing pain and discomfort?Though the story has some issues, I do think this is a READ, if not simply for the emotions it evoked for me. I dont think this would have been as interesting or meaningful had I read it in middle school, though."
"My Thoughts: I've finally decided to review this book. I read it first six months ago, and since then, have reread it three times. Since my most recent reread, I've also read Son, the last book in the series, and told myself that I had to review this or I probably would never do it.The thing about The Giver is that my opinion on it has changed every time I read it. When I first read it, I rated it only two stars. The story, though meaningful, was a little too plain and short for my liking - I felt like it didn't meet my expectations. However, after reading the second book, Gathering Blue, which I LOVED, I felt I should reread this book just in case I had missed something. With my lowered expectations, I found a new appreciation and love for this book, and bumped my rating up to five stars. Having said this, The Giver is hard to review, because, like I said, you see something new in the story every time.Personally, I liked the character of Jonas. He's a strong, thoughtful main character for a powerful, thought-provoking series. The concept of this book is very fascinating - I have to applaud Lowry for this, I never thought I would read a dystopia with such an outgoing, terrifyingly realistic future for our world. The whole Releasing thing (actually, spoiler alert, killing) kept me on the edge of my seat, and, like every book in the Giver Quartet, I shed a few tears. Because the thing I've really realized about this series is that it really is a metaphor, in every way possible, of our world. I won't elaborate, all I'll say is that I would definitely give this book a try - and that I agree with the first sentence of the summary: ""The Giver, the 1994 Newbery Medal winner, has become one of the most INFLUENTIAL novels of our time."" (Oh, and the word haunting, and in the last book, chilling.)"
"The Giver is the first of four novels for young adults in Lois Lowrys series on life in a utopian community and was awarded the Newbury Medal for distinguished contribution to childrens literature. As a mature adult I found it somewhat simplistic, but it is highly appropriate for the target age group. This novel centers on Jonas, who is 11 years old at the beginning. The community he lives in has eliminated all differences and feelings and emphasizes sameness. A Committee of Elders makes decisions and each person is given a role in life according to the committees judgment when he or she reaches the 12-year birthday, which is the same for every child regardless of their actual birth date. As the Chief Elder says to the eleven-year-olds on their 12-year anniversary,  You Elevens have spent all your years until now learning to fit in, to standardize your behavior, to curb any impulse that might see you as apart from the group.  Marriage is made by Matching Spouses and couples are given children who are given birth by birth mothers. Feelings of love, hate, guilt and other human emotions have been eliminated. This sameness extends to the environment where there are no seasons and no color.Jonas is given the unique and special assignment to be trained as the Receiver of Memory and is trained for this purpose by the current receiver, an old man who is called The Giver. In him reside all the memories of the outside world, all the joys and pains, love and war. Each day Jonas goes to the Giver and he transfers some of these memories to Jonas, in the process losing the memory himself. A year goes by and Jonas gradually becomes disillusioned with the community he lives in. Finally he learns that people who are released from the community are actually put to death and the possibility that a baby given to the family will be released spurs him to take a dramatic action.This novel well deserves the honors it has received. Clearly Lowry is trying to show the horror that can exist in a world devoid of the variety of life that exists in reality and that efforts to mitigate this world can lead to an even worse one. While designed for young adults, anyone can benefit from reading this novel."
"The Giver is a wonderful story that kept me interested the entire time. The concept of this story is very familiar to me since I love dystopian novels but some how it still seemed to be fresh. I wanted to see if Jonas would be the receiver that changes his community and how he would do it, when he starts to question everything he has ever known. I felt his pain, when he discovered what happens when somebody is ""released"" from the community and that he watched his father perform the ceremony on a newborn baby.I wanted to story to keep going, I wanted to know if Jonas was able to find Elsewhere for him and Gabriel. What is Elsewhere like if he did find it? I read that the 2nd book in the series has very little if nothing to do with the book series but I am excited to find out in the other books if my questions are answered. I also wouldn't mind finding out what happens after Jonas left and how the community dealt with those memories returning to them and how The Giver was able to help them understand and come to terms with it. How did it impact them.This story left me with so many questions, but overall I really enjoyed this book and the fast pace nature of it. I am going to be putting this in my little save for later box for my son when he is older, in hopes that he might enjoy this book.I did have a hard time remembering that Jonas and his friends are also only 11 and 12 year olds. They just seem so much maturer than that. It kind of reminded me of Ender's Game in that way. Just in that it is young kids that feel like they should be a little bit older. I want to make it clear that this book has NOTHING else similar to Ender's Game other than the children's ages and the dystopian nature of the book."
"Lois Lowry has done a very clever thing in her book The Giver. She has written a book at a very simple level that explains some very complicated things in a way that most children will be able to easily grasp. A text does not have to be complicated to express complicated ideas.In The Giver the reader is presented with a simple, Utopian society in an undetermined future time. Everything is peaceful. Everyone is fed, cared for and everyone has a place. The children are excited because it is time for the children to go through The Ceremony. All children up to age twelve are moved forward to their next year and receive some new responsibility or right, such as the right to ride a bicycle or to volunteer after school hours. Twelve-year-olds are assigned to their future work assignments by the Committee of Elders.The main character is Jonas, a twelve year old who has been assigned to The Receiver of Memory. Jonas is to be the new Receiver and the old Receiver is now The Giver. Through an undeclared process (remember, this is sci-fi), The Giver can pass on memories to The Receiver who holds them for his community. He is to act is the living repository of memories for his people.What he finds out is disturbing. The memories are so strong and so full of the joys and pains of life that he discovers that his community has worked all of the good and the bad out of life. It is full of what The Giver calls ""sameness"". Jonas discovers that without the extremes, life is exceedingly bland and seems pathetic. Also, the people of this community have no sense of their own morals. Everything has already been decided. There will be nothing new. Nothing will be too bad or too good. It will just be and that is horrific if you know what people are really meant to be like.I was reminded of both Brave New World by Aldous Huxley and Ayn Rand's Anthem. Both feature a future world where everything is controlled and it has been determined that people will just be happier if they stop thinking, stop feeling and just do as they are told.I enjoyed the audiobook reading by Ron Rifkin. He does a great job with Jonas' eye-opening transformation, including his near breakdown.This is a controversial book. It is definitely one that deserves a discussion with your child as he or she reads it. Read along with him or her and talk about it. It is full of ""teachable moments""."
"My brother has been trying to get me to read The Giver for years. It's one of his favorite series and I've heard him talk about it over and over but, for some reason, just never got around to picking it up. If I had to guess, it's probably because it's a classic and I don't usually love those.I should preface this review by saying that I saw the movie first. I know, I know. But I did. The movie was actually pretty good! I really did enjoy it... until I started reading message boards and realizing how different it was from the source material. That is why I decided to finally read it and I'm really glad I did!The Giver is definitely a heck of a lot different than the movie that was recently released. Honestly, I did enjoy some of the changes in the film and I can totally understand why they were made. I really am not sure if the book could have been translated exactly to screen. But I digress.The book opens with Jonas as he prepares to get his assignment - his job, essentially. Much is revealed about the workings within the community he lives in. There is a huge focus on precision of language, sameness, and honesty, to name a few. It quickly becomes very obvious that this is a community run by very strict guidelines that are never -not- met. Jonas, however, is a questioner. Though he feels guilty, he doesn't do everything exactly the right way and sometimes sees strange things. This starts to make sense to Jonas once he is given the assignment of Receiver of Memory.The previous Receiver (now the Giver) explains a great many things to Jonas through memories. Jonas learns of how things were before the world became the way it is. He learns about colors and pain and love. But these things that previous Receivers were content (or not) with are not enough for Jonas. He always wants to know more and asks all the why's.I greatly enjoyed the characters in this book, although they were obviously very strange. I liked Jonas a lot simply because he was not content with what he was being told and he wasn't content with the way the world had become. The Receiver, though sometimes gruff, had the feeling of a grandfather who was concerned and wanted his grandson to have (know) everything. Fiona and Asher were also interesting characters, though I would have liked to have known more about them.The story of the Giver is very imaginative. It made me laugh at times and it also made me cringe at a few moments (okay, more than a few). The only downside for me was that I didn't feel like I knew enough. Like Jonas, I wanted to know more! And this book left me with more questions than answers. I guess that the remaining books share a little more about what may have happened, but I feel like The Giver itself was abruptly ended and needed more explanation.Back to the film, I liked the touches of romance that were only very briefly hinted at in the book, though I did like how the book explained more about how romance within the community worked. I also felt like the book did a better job with their assignments since Asher's especially seemed a little ridiculous in the movie. And while the movie's landscapes seemed a little far-fetched, I did like that it was better realized, while the book left pretty much everything completely to the imagination. Overall, I liked both the book and the movie for different reasons and I'd definitely recommend both!"
"This review is for the illustrated gift edition only.The book is a well written dystopian novel written before dystopian novels become all the rage. Less obviously violent than its modern counterparts it tells of a society which has eliminated war, crime, famine, disease, pain - at the cost of true feeling, love, joy. Twelve year old Jonas is selected to be the new Receiver, whose job is to retain the memories from centuries past, so no one has to feel pain, hate, sorrow, loss. As is a common theme in much of dystopian literature for all ages, this ""perfect"" society has eliminated all the bad by introducing ""sameness"" - if everyone is equal, there is no envy or strife. But that ""equality"" did away with all the richness of life, as well. As much as I have loved the current dystopian tales, it is the subtlety and a rather ambiguous ending which make The Giver stand out: No one sees the world of The Hunger Games as a place you might want to visit, let alone live in - but the world of The Giver seems appealing, until the layers are peeled back and the reader sees how horribly wrong it is.The story I give five stars to. For the ""Gift Edition"", I have to knock off a couple of stars. Thick, premium paper, a nice ribbon to mark your place, beautiful illustrations which help tale the tale (even if my mental images when I am initially read the book sans pictures were considerably different.) And.... a lousy binding. I am gentle with my books. But a third of the way through the very first read, and the pages started separating from the spine.Give your gift recipient the story in another edition, even a mass market paperback. or, if you've already bought the book, wrap up a bottle of glue to go along with it. They'll need it."
"Jonas lives in a seemingly peaceful community.  No, thats not precisely the word to describe his community.  Contented- a community where no one wants for anything, because everyone has the same share.  That is a more accurate way to describe the community.  He has been studying hard and following all the rules in anticipation of the Ceremony of the Twelve.  At this ceremony he will be given his assigned job that he will carry out until it is time to live in the House of the Old.  His family unit is reassuring that the elders always do a thorough job of finding the right match for all of the Elevens and they did years ago when they assigned his mother to legal work and his father to be a nurturer.At the ceremony, Jonas is selected to be the new Receiver of Memories.  This is an honorable but lonely position shrouded in mystery.  As Jonas begin his training, he begins to learn of the dark side of his contented communitya community in which pain and fear, but also love and joy, have been traded for a medicated, gray calm.  As the Giver begins to transfer memories times long ago to Jonas they both device a plan to force the community to face the truth they have numbed themselves to.  And not a moment too soon as Jonas learns that Gabe, the newchild his father has been caring for at the Nurturing Center has been deemed inadequate and will face release unless Jonas can save him.Although The Giver was initially published over 20 years ago, the story still has  applicable teachable moments today as we as a society continue to make decisions about what freedoms we are willing to sacrifice in order to maintain peace.  Furthermore the desire to be something more in a society of sameness continues to resonate with the burgeoning readers for whom this book is written."
"I chose to read The Giver by Lois Lowry for my YA Lit grad course. The Giver is an extraordinary novel in which the author really makes you turn on your creative side and your left brain. Everyone in this novel lives in a perfect community, where everything is fully planned out for you, no conscientious decisions required. Its odd but, hardly anybody in the society ever gets hurt socially, emotionally or physically. This unfortunately isn't the case for one boy, Jonas. He isn't given the choice, but has to take the most difficult and sacrificing job. When you read chapter after chapter, you will come across agonizing feelings of sadness, nonstop laughter, and a tad bit of confusion. The characters throughout this book are full of life and have diverse personalities, making the book simply impossible to set down. The setting of this novel caries greatly; Lois leaves a lot to the readers to use their own imagination. I, myself sometimes felt that Lowry doesn't explain enough throughout book. You often find yourself in wonder, Why did Jonas do that? Although, I really feel as if Lois Lowry achieved her rationale for writing the book. I say this because it really made me consider about how lucky I am. There are many surprising and strange occurrences in this book. All the surprises are full with individual, unique styles of writing an even more unexpected conclusion. After you start reading this novel, until you finish it, there will be constant moments of wanting for the book. I would recommend this hands down because it was an incredible description of story telling by imagination, wonder, and admiration. The notion of sameness and the constant fight that Jonas was putting up from the beginning to end keeps the reader interested the most throughout each of the chapters."
"I picked up this unique story last night with Kindle Unlimited. I'd seen the movie trailers on television and have wondered about the story, so this was my opportunity to find out. It is a story written for school age children as the author notes in her introduction. The introduction itself made me interested in reading more, based upon what other readers felt.  I wondered what it was that made the readers feel so strongly about this particular story. It is a simple and elegant story that compelled me to read to the end. Having read through the entirety I felt compelled to come and share what I feel about Jonas and the Giver shared with me. They are truths about life that like so many take to themselves.  Some hold the memories and some pass them on. Some are oblivious to the world around themselves, denying due to their comfort or lack of knowledge. School is an age where many children go through the tentative process of self and other knowing. For some it's the first time that another student says I hate you and you wonder why, because the family you came from never intoned that there was such a thing. You receive a painful memory that you take with you. But it is how that memory is applied that will create the role you play in life. Do I give pain or do I withhold that? Do I help others through pain, or do I never acknowledge the pain. In truth this a small window into the larger world we live in. We can choose if we are willing or we can live in denial to stay comfortable. Without pain how can we possibly console? Knowledge is power, but how we use the power determines not only our role in society but how the society today and tomorrow will be shaped. We are raised with rules that dictate our social behavior, we are taught to become a part of our society. Indoctrinated on many levels, and as children the black and white thinking makes it quite clear that there is a right and a wrong, no gray areas. Then you begin to grow, and the view changes, the realization comes with the complexities that even some adults have yet solved answers to. I think readers will take away from this story based upon their experiences, their view as a member of society. This is well written, worth the read, and I would recommend it not only to school age children but to any who are curious, like I was."
"4.5 starsGrowing up I remember seeing the cover of The Giver hanging on the walls in Barnes & Noble. I used to think that it was an older classic, so I was surprised to learn that The Giver was, in fact, first published during my lifetime in 1993. While The Giver was never at the top of my ""to read"" list, I was compelled to purchase the book when I heard a film adaptation was being released. I was also excited to hear this is a dystopian novel, as that is one of my favorite genres.Besides knowing that one of the characters in the book was an old man called The Giver, I knew nothing about the story whatsoever. I enjoyed discovering the new world inside the pages as I read. One of my issues with the story, however, was the world building. The Giver takes place in a future that is quite different than ours, and Lowry slowly reveals the makeup of that fictional world. While I appreciated the gradual development of the setting, I found that as I finished the book I still had a number of questions about the world. Thus, I docked half a star from my rating due to the lack of detail surrounding the book's setting.Putting that critique aside, I greatly enjoyed the remainder of The Giver. The story follows twelve-year-old Jonas as he receives his Assignment, or the job he is to perform for the rest of his life. Jonas lives in a world of Sameness, a concept that is discussed throughout the book, and one that I found quite thought-provoking. What first might seem as a happy, organized, and simplistic life may actually be a life devoid of true feeling. Jonas begins to understand the truth about his community after receiving his special job, and he must decide what he can do, if anything, to change the future for himself and his family.I finished The Giver in one day, not simply due to its short length, but to its fast-paced and flowing language. I constantly wanted to know what would happen next for Jonas, and I craved to discover the secrets of his community. The ending of this novel came upon me quite quickly, and is one filled with emotion and a bit ambiguous. I closed the cover thinking ""what just happened?,"" which gave me some time to digest this deep and meaningful story. I now understand why The Giver is a loved book, and if you have not yet read it I highly recommend doing so. Please share your thoughts on The Giver in the comments!For more information on this book, see my blog: http://openletter2nyc.blogspot.com/2015/01/book-review-giver-by-lois-lowry.html"
"We are convinced that Jonas has the ability to acquire wisdom. People have talked about a perfect world with no feeling, but would you like to live in a perfect world?  What is a perfect world?  The Giver is an intriguing novel written by Lois Lowry.  Its a book that has mystery, action and adventure packed into one story.  They all happen at almost the same time throughout the book. In The Giver, the main character, 11 year old  Jonas, lives in a perfect world without sadness, fear or pain. Although he seems happy, is he really?  Jonas is feeling apprehensive about an upcoming ceremony where you are assigned your job; the ceremony of 12 (12 stands for 12 years old by the way). Jonas is assigned a job of honor and respect. This job ends up very important to the entire communities impact.  He is assigned a job he does not understand, and he does not know where the job will take him. Will he be able to withstand his job in the community? Besides that Jonass days are normal until he starts seeing things.  One day he sees an apple change in a way he cannot explain. It seems odd to him but, afterwards his life becomes dramatically different after that. Horrific secrets are revealed about this supposedly perfect community he lives in. His friends are different than he thought; everyone is. What is different about him?  Who or what  is the Giver? Although The Giver begins slowly,  it makes you want to keep reading when excitement starts. During exciting segments they do not end; they just get more interesting. Once the pace picked up in this enthralling book  I did not want to put it down. However, this book has an open ending which might not appeal to some readers. Jonas is a believable and well rounded character to add to the realism of the book. He was very easy to sympathize with. I would recommend this amazing book to anyone from ages 10 - 14. this is because they might not understand the books concept, and there are some disturbing scenes. Trust me, it is one of the best books I have read in my entire life.  Would you be willing to read The Giver?"
"What I enjoyed:The Giver was enthralling. I was sucked into the story, but every part had a deeper meaning.I liked the way it addressed Jonas' honest feelings about Fiona without making it all gushy and leading on a romance.When Jonas begins to feel human emotions, he is overwhelmed. It changes his entire view on life. Imagine never experiencing love, and then experiencing it at the same time as you experience what hate feels like for the first time. Love. Hate. Joy. Freedom. Cruelty. Courage. Bravery. Desolation. Friendship. Betrayal. These things all come with the emotions of life. The question is, is it worth it? Is love worth having cruelty in the world?Being able to feel pain, feel loss, feel horror at man's injustice and cruelty is important. Despite the Elders' decision in the community where The Giver is placed, memories of the past are important to the everyday decisions of life. If we do not know out History we will repeat it.The way Lois Lowry is able to make the reader understand is amazing. I had so many ""aha"" moments while reading this book, about the characters and about life in general. She was able to let me, the reader, discover things on my own, by dropping little or big hints.I think the message Lowry intertwined in this novel will be a part of my life forever.What I didn't like as much:Well... I'd say I didn't like the ending... It kind of left me hanging... But since there are 3 more books I suppose we shall have to wait and see how it plays out!Who I'd recommend this book to:We read it as a family read aloud. So ages 3 through adult all listened. I think that the older kids, 12 through adult, got the full picture and enjoyed it more.I would try to stop reading when read-aloud time was over and Hope (12) always asked for ""just one more chapter"".I usually gave in because of course, I did't want to put down the book either. :)"
"I have never been in a society where there isn't any conflict but the author, Lois Lowry, in her book, The Giver, made me feel as if I was in a perfect society  a society where citizens don't experience any struggles such as unemployment, crime, divorce, etc. This science fiction novel depicts that life isn't perfect and that there will be battles and struggles that we will need to encounter. There will also be joys and celebrations that we will cherish.Twelve year old Jonas lives in a community where there is Sameness, where people in the community only have current memories, and where the Elders of the community choose everything, including spouses and jobs, for the citizens and citizens never question the Elders for any of their decisions. The only exception in the citizens of this community is Jonas, who is even different from his parents. At the Ceremony of Twelve, anxious twelve year olds get their Life Assignments (or jobs) which the Elders of the community have chosen for them. Jonas is left with a Life Assignment of being the Receiver of Memory. The job of a Receiver of memory is both, very mysterious as also very honorable. Youve been greatly honored, his mother said. Your father and I are very proud.With this life assignment, Jonas finds himself training with a man known as The Giver, and begins to understand that life isn't perfect and that it is full of complexity and conflict. At that point, Jonas says to The Giver, We really have to protect people from wrong choices. This leaves Jonas in a tough position on whether he should revive those memories to the society or if the society should continue to live life as it is.  I really like this book since it keeps the attention of the reader. For example, during the Ceremony of Twelve, there's a mystery and uniqueness about the life assignment that Jonas gets. This mystery keeps the reader hooked and on the toes. There are lots of details in the narrative which takes the reader straight into the mind, memories and dreams of Jonas. Therefore, the reader can get engaged and become emotionally involved in the plot.  The Giver was a very enjoyable and interesting book which is similar to a book series I've read called The Hunger Games. In both these readings, the protagonist defies the rules and norms. I thought that this book was an enjoyable one which gives the reader an insight into the realities of life. I would highly recommend this book for teenagers because it alerts them that life is like a roller coaster with plenty of uphills and downhills. The thing that I learned from the book is that it is okay to embrace these twists and turns of life. The best thing about the book is the presentation of the narrative, which gives the reader an insight into what's going on in Jonas's mind. I only wish that the book concluded with a better ending instead of a point blank ending.  Even though a society without any differences and conflicts would be an ideal and perfect society, the reality is that there will always be imperfections. If you really want to know whether Jonas celebrates the perfect society he currently lives in or not, and what happens to him, The Giver and all the other characters that are a part of The Giver, you have to read the book!"
"Somehow or another I managed to go my entire gradeschool (and college) career without so much as touching this book, although I heard about it from time to time. Finally, after a friend recommended it, I purchased it and began to read. I was not anticipating a read that would grip me as hard as it did and be largely responsible for a bout of melancholy I suffered as a result of reading. Nor was I expecting quite that type of ending (I'll get to that soon).The style is simplistic, which is neither a positive or negative to me, although it should make the book more approachable for a wider audience. I did appreciate that most of the time I did not feel cheated as a reader, except perhaps a very little as the book was ending. Lowry does an excellent job of describing the bland, boring way of life of the people in the community, maybe a little too heavily sometimes but also sneaking in comments that I did not catch, because I take the senses and feelings of the world I live in for granted.There is very little action to speak of, but it is not needed. This might be a turnoff for those who need an adrenaline rush while reading lest they grow bored, but the story is compelling on its own by making readers ask the question, ""What is going on here?"" and encouraging them to turn the next page for answers.Answers which do not all come.There are many questions this book does not answer. How exactly did society develop to be this way? Who else is out there that requires the presence of some sort of military (the planes)? Why are memories returned if the receiver dies or goes far away? For that matter, what *is* a memory? There are others as well, but I want to keep spoilers to a minimum.The one question I really do not want to know the answer to is what happens to Jonas and Gabe. I like the ambiguous nature of the ending. We as readers do not need to be told the answer to this. We can decide for ourselves and decide why we think the ending is what it is. (This ignores the sequels.)I did say earlier on that I felt a little cheated by the ending. It is not the very end itself--I cannot think of too many ways it could have been better--but about 75% of the way through the story, it began to feel as though Lowry decided she needed to wrap up the story soon. I would have liked for the events leading up to the end to have been fleshed out a little more.In all, I would recommend most people read this at least once."
"Once again I have gotten caught up in a dystopian world. Reading Lois Lowry's The Giver, I found it easy to escape the reality of the classroom, and follow Jonas, the protagonist, along in his adventures. I love this book for the vivid, dystopian setting. Its intriguing to imagine what it would be like to live in an isolated world created to be perfect. Jonass home is so different from ours, as it has no war, disease or any other kind of suffering. All people live in the same looking houses, wear the same looking clothes, and are assigned their spouse and children. This book emphasizes the idea of equal.As always, there is a good character that goes against society in order to find the truth. Jonas was given the life job as The Receiver of Memories and will eventually become the Giver. The Receiver is one of the highest honors of this community. He serves the Committee of Elders with advice from past events by remembering the memories he was exposed to. The current Giver is responsible for passing along those remininces of past history to Jonas. Throughout his training, Jonas learns things that are no longer apart of his world, such as feelings, conditions, and even color. Jonas figures out the truths of his community and its traditions, like release. Unsatisfied with what he has grown up in, Jonas plans to leave.What I remember about this book is the questioning ending and the truths we find out along the way. This book is perfect for any dystopian lover and someone who likes an appealing plot. The suspenseful action keep the reader wanting more. Parts are unpredictable and new to literature. It's unimaginable to be able to change a whole community to be the same, have no feelings and even see no colors. However, Lois Lowry does a fantastic job of helping readers imagine one.Mackenzie M."
"Finally got to ""The Giver"" for the first time recently. Due to the movie based on that book, Lois Lowry's novel garnered all kinds of attention and got back in the spotlight even though it was written in early 90s. I was pleasantly surprised! The first  thing that got my attention is that almost every modern YA book about divided society has something from ""The Giver"" in it. Almost like a secret homage to a writer who influenced many new YA writers in some way.. I love how Lowry built the world of the future because it made me feel uncomfortable, nervous and very happy that I'm NOT living there. Reading it you actually realize how trivial things like colors, music, weather, nature (everything we take for granted and never stop to think about) are really what makes our lives full, interesting, exciting! With all the heaviness comes realization that Sameness is a very very scary place to live in. The main idea of the novel (as I took it ) - freedom - is observed in a very interesting, different manner. What happens if we will lose not just a part of our freedom (inability to decide a certain thing, for example, but being able to keep the basic freedoms); but if the whole thing is taken away? The most basic, primal needs (food is delivered EVERY meal? choosing  partner, choosing an occupation, and , for crying out load - Stirrings!!) - everything is taken. The thoughts of Jonas on that matter are borderline hilarious - how he talks about ""danger"" in making decisions is already worth reading this book! And then, there is Release...Overall, I like ""The Giver"" because while being fast-paced, suspenseful,engaging read it also makes you think. A lot. About serious things. Things we take for granted.Everyday situations that make up our whole lives.I can also add that I would be one of those who wasn't disappointed with the ending (I see a lot of gripe about it in the comments). I actually like that I can put my imagination to use - everyone can get what they want. I don't see it as a bad thing at all. I see it as something that goes very well with the main idea of the book - freedom of choice.Yes, like every book with a fictional element, ""The Giver"" would have slight flaws and questions raised about technicalities; however, as a novel that for a short moment will give you the Capacity to See Beyond it is a book that well worth your time!"
"More than twenty years after it was first published, Newbery Medal winner, ""The Giver,"" by Lois Lowry, remains a fresh, relevant, and moving testament to the power of the human spirit.  Lowry, in her introduction, suggests that today's young readers might find ""The Giver"" a bit boring.  She calls it ""introspective, quiet, and short on action.""  However, the author also recognizes that, for those willing and able to dig a bit deeper, the novel ""has simply grown up, grown larger, and begun to glisten in a new way.""Adolescents and adults alike will find much to think about in this tale of a dystopian community that is ""meticulously ordered"" and prizes predictability.  Everything is regulated: who will be one's spouse; the number of babies born and to whom they will be given; the jobs to which boys and girls are assigned; the punishments meted out for various transgressions; and the fate of the elderly and infirm.  Even one's use of language must be precise--the word ""love"" is outlawed as being too vague.  The hero, Jonas, is approaching his twelfth birthday, and he is looking forward with a mixture of dread and anticipation to a ceremony that will determine his future.  Will he become a scientist, street sweeper, caretaker, doctor, engineer, or something else entirely?  Much to his surprise, he is singled out in a way that he never anticipated.Jonas is forced to grow up too soon.  He learns, with the help of a tormented man known as ""The Giver,"" that much of what he has taken for granted is false and that the people whom he trusts have been living a lie.  When Jonas realizes that there are colors that only he and the Giver can see, he wonders whether there are other memories and sensations that have been withheld from him and his fellow citizens.  ""The Giver"" is filled with humor, tenderness, and pathos, and it concludes on an ambiguous note that is tinged with mysticism.  Lowry's allegorical work of fiction would be an excellent springboard for a discussion about the relative merits of an existence that allows each individual to experience life fully and freely vs. one that is controlled by an all-powerful council, whose members act on behalf of those who rely on their guidance."
"This book for me is just a mish-mash of far superior books and films. The biggest problem I had with it was the lack of world-building. The best dystopian novels are powerful because they speak to us about history and contemporary society. We get an understanding of how the fictional societies developed and what went wrong, but this is all completely absent from The Giver. The society Lowry has created exists in a vacuum and all we discover is that things were once different and there is still an Elsewhere where people have the freedoms that have been taken away from Jonas and his fellow citizens. It's implied that the repressive society has been built on the basis of a rationality which seeks to do away with all differences that might cause disharmony. Extreme measures have been taken to avoid anything unpleasant or distasteful, emotions are closely monitored and even the ability to see colour has been removed in the name of ""sameness"" (I found this symbolism to be very heavy-handed). Just in case you didn't get that this is a bad place to live, the hills and mountains have been flattened too, the weather regulated and sexual desire eliminated through medication. There is no crime illness, poverty or risk in this world but no love or passion or music or individuality either.I got the strong impression that Lowry was taking aim at ""political correctness"", communism and ""big government"" which supposedly stifle free speech and turn everyone into grey, mindless clones of each other. According to this argument it's far better to live in a world where you are free to starve and die in poverty (or become a billionaire if you've got what it takes to rise to the top) than to be restricted by endless rules and regulations that stifle creativity and individuality. (Except of course when it's the banking sector that needs bailing out or mass surveillance is required to protect people, then government intervention is perfectly fine for many of the critics of ""big government"". Personal choice is also a top priority for these critics, except when it comes to choosing things like gay marriage and abortion).While the book raises some interesting questions, the lack of context makes it impossible to engage with them in any meaningful way. As a result it's message is highly simplistic. There's a chance I've misunderstood Lowry's intentions and interpreted the book through the lens of my own preoccupations, but with nothing substantial to grab hold of I can't do anything else with this book (update: after reading about how conservative politicians have embraced this film I'm not the only one who got this message from it). I can see why children would be attracted to The Giver because it taps into their feelings that they are being regulated and controlled by forces they don't understand and it appeals to their desire to be special, like Jonas. Ironically I found the writing to be bland and the narrative lacking in tension. For me it didn't come close to living up to its reviews."
"Story appears to highlight the problems created by control of human thought and society based on science.  Presents the difference to the older religious method. The theme highlights the two types of faith, faith in human scientific reason or faith in the older religious system. The old way brought much suffering. The new one brought no feelings at all. The conclusion is the chance for happiness is worth the possible cost of unhappiness.Another idea is that truth is precious. Lying is not a virtue. All should know the past and be able to learn from it, not just the authorities.It is interesting that mind numbing drugs are a key part of the method currently used to control prison inmates.The system described seems to be the one proposed by Henri St Simon (1760-1825). ""Although he was born an aristocrat, in opposition to the feudal and military system, he advocated a form of technocratic socialism, where the economy would be managed by industrialists and technical specialists who would occupy positions of leadership based on technical merit. Simon believed that such an arrangement would lead to a national community of cooperation and technological progress that would eliminate the poverty of the lower classes. He felt that men of science, rather than the church, should be the leaders in society. Simon held the belief that those who are fitted to organize society for productive labour are entitled to rule it."" (Wikipedia)His student August Comte (1798-1857) continued to develop these ideas into his ""Religion of Humanity"". ""Comte's social theories culminated in the ""Religion of Humanity"", which influenced the development of religious humanist and secular humanist organizations in the 19th century. Comte likewise coined the word altruisme (altruism). . . In the Scientific stage, which came into being after the failure of the revolution and of Napoleon, people could find solutions to social problems and bring them into force despite the proclamations of human rights or prophecy of the will of God. Science started to answer questions in full stretch. In this regard he was similar to Karl Marx and Jeremy Bentham.""( Wikipedia)These ideas are present in full force by Lowry. Comte proposed his new religion to resolve the problems of the French Revolution. This fits the explanation to the population for the total control in the book.These ideas are still influencing the modern world. This book adds to the debate."
"Ok. So The Giver is a book that came out in 1993. Granted it is not a recent release but it is actually relevant to todays world as there is now a movie coming out based on the book. I admit that I was supposed to have read it back in either Middle School or High School but I was a slacker and not into reading back then. I am pleased to say that I am now. The only thing I remembered about supposedly having to read it was the creepy looking guy on the cover. But due to the movie I decided to give it a chance and I am glad I did.Picture a world with mainly rules but nothing else. No color. No hate. No love. Just picture a utopian society where everyone follows rules and is content. That is the world in the Giver. Everyone has an assigned job and everyone just lives. The main focus is on Jonas, 12 year old boy receives his assignment as Receiver of Memory. This assignment pairs him with a man called the Giver. Throughout their meetings Jonas mind is opened up to ideas and the world that is not a part of his community. This leads Jonas down a slippery slope of a journey that he may or may not have been prepared for.I must admit that I really enjoyed the book. I think I enjoyed it more as an adult than I would when I was younger and should have read it. It is a great mix of mystery and emotions. The information that Jonas is thought is easy to relate to you can certainly understand why he feels the way he feels throughout the book. It is a very quick and light read but packs a good moral lesson or at least it did for me. It really made me think about what I should appreciate in life when faced with the idea of living in Jonas world.After seeing the movie, I feel the movie actually does the book a pretty good justice. Sure the movie elaborates on stories only touched upon in the book but with a book the length of the Giver it makes sense to expand a little for the audience. There are other subtle differences but I do not want to ruin either the book or the movie for anyone.Overall I think the book is a great read for someone of any age and am really glad I gave it another shot.~ Guest Reviewed @ Lazy Book Lovers"
"I never heard of this book until I saw a trailer for the movie and it looked good, so I decided to read the book before watching the movie.When I started reading it I was a little confused of what to think about the book. The world they live in was very different than ours. It was told form Jonass POV and he knows that world, so it seemed normal to him ( well mostly ) but not to me and it took me a little to get into the setting. Once I was there I decided that this is not a good world at all and I wouldnt want to be there  EVER. Everything they do, eat, say and so on, is controlled. Nothing is left to chance and nobody can escape it. They dont even question it, not even the very upsetting parts like (The Release). That is until Jonas is chosen to be the next receiver of memories and he see how much they miss, like emotions and even seeing things in colors. He See the world for what it was once including the bad things, like pain and hunger. He wants to change how they live now but he cant do it alone and asks his mentor the giver for help.I really liked Jonas, and one thing the community got right is that he is very brave.There were a few things I would have liked to be explained a little better, like why the receiver of memories eyes are paler than everyone elses , but I hope that it will be explained in one of the other books. There were a few things left open and unanswered including the ending. The ending was left kind of open. While I thought the last ending was heartbreaking to read for Jonas and Gabe. It also had a glimmer of hope.Overall, I enjoyed this book a lot and it was one of those books that makes you really thing about the world we live in and how far will mankind go to change that.I give it 4 "
"Coming into this, I had very high expectations for this book. The medals and awards, the movie adaptation, the praise- I thought how could this not be mind blowing? Turns out, it's very possible. The first red flag was when I found out the book was only 180 pages, which, to me, is not long enough to develop a story, usually. I discarded this. So then I started my reading and in the beginning thought it was so great. The premise- a futuristic, corrupt society seemingly perfect to all its inhabitants -was great and unique for 1993. The characters were so stupid and naive it was almost hilarious,but still very entertaining,so basically the only thing that got this 3 stars was the plot, and the desire to know more twists in the plot. I always felt like something new was going to come up, which kept me hooked. On to the negative, this mostly came in the end. The ending was so confusing!! Spoiler: he talks about some sled and Christmas lights as he's starting to get all weak with Gabe the baby in his arms. Does he live, does he die, apparently it's open to interpretation! In the end he sounds like a crazy person , talking about getting on a sled and lights and riding down a hill, memories the Giver gave him. I couldn't tell whether this was real or whether he was dying and imagining things. If he did live, they should have continued the story: where did he go, the story of Gabe growing up, etc. Back to the beginning - it needed more pages, more explanation. It did not answer a lot of questions I had-no closure. Also, I was hoping this would be continued in the other books in the series, but all the other books are based off completely different people, I hate it when an author does this, because you don't want to hear about some other character when you want to hear more about the first one, the one you're now attached to. Lastly, the characters were so stiff and annoying, sometimes it was entertaining but sometimes it was just annoying. The Giver was the least annoying and corrupt person there, and the plot was predictable sometimes. I don't get all the praise this book received, The Fault in our Stars was better and it didn't win such a big award. I just don't get it."
"I think The Giver is more a parable than a novel.  The story gets right to the narrative of a community where risk, pain, particularity, emotion and the colors of a rainbow have all been suppressed to create an imagined ideal world of sameness and safety.  The main character Jonas is a young boy with a special gift that will enlighten him to all the real life of humanity that has been excluded by the elders in their control of the community that is isolated from ""Elsewhere"" in the world.The story follows Jonas living in the black and white world, as he begins to experience color, joy, love and pain.  He is chosen to be The Receiver of memories from The Giver.  His eyes are opened to all that makes up the real world of humanity from which his community has been ""protected.""This is a short book that I was eager to end.  If it is a novel, it lacks so much of the development of context and character, as well as other substantive elements.  What is does provide is the message of what life might look like if we eliminate what we can't control from life.  Control leads to suppression, death and ignorance at the hands of elders who determine to know what is best for all.  Life on the other hand will search for truth and for life beyond the veil of shadows.I think this book is more of a scene than a full-length novel.  For me, there was no satisfying conclusion but only an introduction to a world that we would all want to avoid.  It also inspires reflection on how our own culture can easily slide down this path for the sake of safety, sameness, comfort and security.  Any hint of government elders dictating what is best for everyone ought to be rejected because of what this parable reveals."
"Dystopian teen fiction is pretty hot right now, with blockbusters like ""The Hunger Games"" and ""Divergent."" But the grandaddy of them all was ""The Giver.""And long before it became chic, Lois Lowry produced a hauntingly memorable story set in a world where emotions are suppressed, and only ""The Giver"" has the power to change it. It's a powerful little story -- whether read alone or with the three loose sequels -- with haunting prose and some very strong characters, as well as a message of compassion and acceptance.A young boy named Jonas lives in a rigid, joyless community where people use emotion-deprivation pills and adhere to insanely strict rules -- they have no conflict, poverty or discrimination... but they also have no love, no fun, and no creativity. When Jonas is selected as the Receiver of Memories, he is suddenly flooded with feelings and memories of both the good and the bad from humanity's distant past.And as he comes to realize what his people have lost in their quest to be the same, Jonas begins yearning for the world he knows must exist outside the Community. But his quest becomes a more personal one when he discovers another price for the Community's existence: the ""release"" of babies that they don't deem good enough. The only one who can change the Community is Jonas.Pretty much all young-adult dystopian fiction owes a debt to the Giver Quartet -- it has young people discovering the cruelty and callousness of their societies, and finding different ways to rebel. But Lowry doesn't shy away from asking the serious questions in her story, such as lack of respect for life (if it's inconvenient or doesn't fit in), kindness, compassion, and the good AND bad roots of what it means to truly live.Lowry's writing is simple but poetic, winding through with some quietly eloquent language (""Behind him, across vast distances of space and time, from the place he had left, he thought he heard music too""). And she fills the story not with bombast and battle, but with tragedy and quiet triumph -- and while we can see that Jonas' actions will have shattering effects, his rebellion against his cold, sterile society is an oddly quiet one.And as this book is the quiet grandfather of current dystopian fiction, Jonas is the quiet ancestor of the Katniss Everdeens of today -- he's an innocent young boy who discovers what being really alive is about, and the joys and horrors that come with it. He's not an action hero, but an everyman... well, everyBOY hero, struggling with the complex questions of what he should do to make his world ""right"" again.It's also worth noting that while ""The Giver"" is part of a loose-knit series, it can be appreciated as a standalone novel. However, the ambiguous ending is less ambiguous with the sequels that came some years later, which explain what happened to Jonas and Gabe -- which was rather controversial, since it ""ruined"" the ending that fans had decided was the real one.""The Giver"" is a powerful, haunting little novel, like a quiet song that resonates powerfully in your memory -- and conveys some powerful lessons about human nature and compassion. A true and deserving classic."
"When The Giver was published in 1993, I was not quite old enough to read and understand it.  However, this title somehow escaped my reading explorations until I got five years into my teaching career and students began chattering away about what a great book it is and how youd better read it, maam, before the movie comes out.  Its exciting for me to see students enthused about a story.  They really enjoy comparing what they recall from reading a story to the way a director translated it to the screen.  What better way to commune with my kids in a literary sense than to take their reading suggestions to heart?  I put it on my summer To-Read List.Dystopian literature is a big deal right now, and Im thankful that Lowrys novel is getting some attention, too.  Lowry moves her plot along at a quick pace that young adult readers appreciate.  Her characters are fully fleshed out without bogging the writing down with too much detail.  Shes happy to let us fill in blanks.Im pleased to comment that The Giver is one of those YA novels that doesnt feel like a YA novel.  The depth of thought necessary for imagining the dystopia where Jonas lives takes some serious mental energy  I doubt grownup readers would cast The Giver aside because it reads too young.  Some themes might even make more sense to adults than to younger audiences.  Havent experiences of life taught adults more about pain and pleasure than younger readers?  Im actually glad I didnt read this until I was older, because it holds a great deal of meaning for me now than it could have as a youth.A world free of discomfort sounds amazing.  If people lived by a strict code of politeness, think of the way communities would grow together  Of course, the carefully selected matches safeguard against certain health issues.  So many of the commonplace occurrences in this setting remind us of ideas societies have had.  Ultimately, Lowrys characters show us that a choice is always better.  These protections turn out to be more hindrance than help.This is a transformative book.  Attentive readers will not finish it and stop thinking about it.  Please give it a try!  Now Im excited to read the three companion books to The Giver."
"Jonas is a 12.. he lives in a very safe very predictable community. Everything is ... the same. while there is no war or famine or death, there also isn't color, joy, or love.Until the choosing ceremony every child hits the same milestones at the same time. Everyone is the same. At the age of 12 you have a Choosing ceremony where it is decided for you what your occupation will be, there is no choices in this community, from the clothes you were, to the food you eat, to who you marry and how many kids you have. Everything is chosen for you to have a safe and ""happy"" community. Jonas's world turns upside down when he is bestowed the ""honor"" of becoming the Receiver of all the memories. He will be burdened to receive all of the memories of the past from the Giver. Jonas will never see life the same way again.Honestly a great book, and at the same time some key themes remind me of other great books and movies I love. I knew instantly what it meant to be ""released"" as a citizen in the novel, but it was so hard and literally tear jerking to see Jonas figure it out. I am intrigued to see this book plays out on the big screen. After watching the trailer I can already see some differences but I hope that they stay as true as possible to the book.The Giver is an amazing book. I was apprehensive on reading it initially because I hate to admit that I DO judge a book by its cover, and this cover didn't give off the vibe  of the type of books I normally read. I know The Giver has been out for some time now, so it was complete mis judging on my part that I did not read it sooner. I am so glad that I picked it up. I definitely feel that this may one day be though of as a classic.Plot : Great. What seems to be a Utopian community until Jonas digs a little deeper and learns that there was once more to life.Characters: Did not disappoint! Most of the novel is the interactions between the Giver and Jonas. Great characters!Cover: Well like I said.. Not my cup of tea. This cover doesn't screem Ya Utopian book, if it had, I might have picked it up earlier.Rating: 5 Stars !If you like The Giver you will love :Movies: Pleasentville !! This is on my top 5 movies list! Reminds me of the Giver because the T.V. show that these two kids get sucked into is literally black and white.. and very similar and safe. As characters in the movie start feeling real emotions and dealing with heavier issues their world slowly starts to turn to color. Very powerful.Books: The Uglies Series, Matched and Delirium all are based in a safe and extremely controlled environment similar to the one in The Giver, and the main characters flee the confides of the community to escape those binds.  City of Ember because of the choosing ceremony where your occupation is chosen for you."
"Jonas lives in a perfectly ordered world where everything is under control.  No one has fears or knows true pain.  There are no choices to be made because all the choices are made for them.  Adults petition for and are assigned children, but no more than two.  Everyone has a job to do in the Community and learns how to do it at an early age.  At the ceremony of Twelves, the twelve year olds are assigned their tasks to be their job from that point forward.  There are Nurturers (those that take care of babies before they are presented to adults), Birth-mothers (women who give birth for three years then move on to perform hard labor tasks), those that look after the Old, and so on.  In a world of sameness, Jonas, is different.  Instead of being assigned a task, he has been selected as the next Receiver.  He is to receive training from the Giver and learn what it means to be singled out for this important task.I originally rated this 4 stars, but as a few days have passed and I'm still thinking of the book, I think it deserves 5 stars.  I love dystopian novels anyway, so this was bound to be rated highly by me.  The Giver was a unique take though that I'd not read before.  I loved being able to discover things along with Jonas...what sameness means...the implications of having (or not having) choices...what it's like to be different from those around you and not be able to share your story.  Great book!Chilling quotes:""I was just thinking: what if we could hold up things that were bright red, or bright yellow, and he could <i>choose</i>?  Instead of the sameness.""""He might make the wrong choices.""""Oh.  Oh, I see what you mean.  It wouldn't matter for a newchild's toy.  But later it <i>does</i> matter, doesn't it?  We don't dare let people make choices of their own.""""Not safe?"" The Giver suggested.""Definitely not safe,"" Jonas said with certainty.  ""What if they were allowed to choose their own mate?  And choose wrong?""  ""Or what if,"" he went on, almost laughing at the absurdity, ""they chose their own jobs?""""Frightening, isn't it?"" The Giver said.Jonas chuckled.  ""Very frightening.  I can't even imagine it.  We really have to protect people from wrong choices."""
"Imagine a life where you were told what you occupation would obtain, knew nothing about love, colors or emotions yet thought this was normal. In this book Jonas will discover the realness of life. In The Giver by Lois Lowry, Jonas is an eleven going on twelve year old boy whom seems to live a normal life, from what he thinks. In his community everyone knew the twelfth year was the biggest year yet for a persons life. You were assigned your occupation, the purpose you will have and begin training. December was so far so yet close that the anxiety began to build up, would he be a doctor? An educator? Nurture? he wondered, until that day came. Receive of Memory was now Jonas life. What? Confused he didnt know what to think of this. Soon would Jonas realize from his mentor the Giver that his whole family, the entire community, his best friends all had been living a life of lies! The sameness he lived through wasnt all that it was positioned to be. He felt it was some kind of conspiracy. He learned what pain, love, colors and music all were. Frustration grew as he felt betrayed that neither he nor anyone before this had been able to experience these things. Why not he would question in such betrayal.  ""If everything's the same, then there aren't any choices! I want to wake up in the morning and decide things!"" Soon he would realize that in his new role as Receiver of Memory, these truths were to not be told. Jonas now began to realize there was no cure to the cluelessness people have known of. Lois Lowry allows the reader to rethink the definition of perfection.perfection only exist where there are many imperfections. After reading this novel I can honestly conclude that although life doesnt always go as planned its the downfalls that make life and the emotions we experience pleasurable. I highly recommend this book for any and all readers, especially people who dont like to read. This book will keep you attached and wanting to know what is going to happen. Definitely a page turner."
"The Giver is a thought-provoking book that I found it depressing in many ways. The author says one of the readers decided against suicide after reading it. While I condone that decision, I have a hard time understanding it. If the book represents our future, we are in deep trouble.It is a very regimented society that kills outliers, babies who do not conform, children and adults who break 3 major rules, and the elderly for simply being old. It segregates babies from everyone, constructed families from childless adults (which category includes adults who had been selected for forming a family unit and whose charges have grown up), and the elderly (who, by the way are treated as infants and the author claims they enjoy being washed by young volunteers) from everyone. This has some serious implications for our society...from daycare, to families, to retirement communities.The infants are raised by shifts of works until the baby conforms to adult sleep cycles, is potty trained and can walk. Then they are assigned to a ""family"" who was assigned to task of raising one or two young. The young who have difficulty in this process are eliminated. I wonder if this is a reflection on daycare. My 2-year-old grandson clearly exhibits the attempts of the daycare workers to make him conform to their standards. He uses daycare vocabulary that now his mother and father use. In and of itself it seems helpful, but in light of this book, it seems subversive. As someone said, give me one generation of babies, and I can change the world for good or evil.The toddler, when he reaches certain milestones, graduates to physical discipline--a thin switch applied to the legs for every infraction.Each year the children change uniforms, receive some privilege and added responsibilities in lock-step. At 12 they are assigned to their life's work. When I as in school there were many who believed this would be a good plan. I was appalled then; I am appalled now.When the central character reveals a sexual dream, he is medicated to keep these sexual feelings in check.There is much more that could be discussed, but I'm moving to the end. I'll leave you with the same question the book does, do the boy and the baby survive or is it all a mind game?The boy realizes that he isn't loved-- enjoyed and celebrated maybe, but not loved. His life is devoid of love and hope. How could his story be encouraging enough to stop a suicide?"
"We all like to think that the things we love are masterpieces, while the things we don't are derivative claptrap. (Or is that just me?) I mean, it must be good if I like it, right? Do I not have impeccable taste?But the older you get, the more you realize that, hey, sometimes the stuff you love is ... um ... *flawed*. (Play that Funky Music, White Boy?) And some brilliant stuff can be a real slog to get through. (One day, I will finish Infinite Jest, I promise.)Which brings us to The Giver by Lois Lowry. This YA dystopian fantasy novel was written in 1993, which means that I missed being the target audience when it was new by a few years. I have since been meaning to read it, but just never got around to it. Until a few days ago. And I loved it. Even though I knew while I was reading it that it was ... well ... disappointing as a piece of literature.Thumbnail sketch: Jonas lives in a society that has forsaken choice and emotion and pain for politeness and Sameness. As he enters his 12th year, when all children begin the transition to adulthood as they are selected for their occupation, he is stunned when he is not selected for any. Rather, he is Chosen to be The Receiver: the one person who holds all the memories of the community, and before the community, and back and back and back. He then begins his training with the Receiver he will be replacing (whom he calls The Giver), and he quickly comes to understand that this Sameness thing isn't right. I'm sure you can fill in the rest. (Mini-spoiler: Something must be done!)Now, I like some YA fantasy. Hunger Games and Harry Potter are solid reads. I'm not a snob that says older people shouldn't read YA. I also don't think it's fair to hold YA fiction to an adult fiction standard. And I don't think I'm doing that with ""The Giver"" when I say that it fails in a number of places to maintain the suspension of disbelief, or that the ending was not only schlocky, but also didn't tell the most important story.Lois Lowry quite obviously has ""Something To Say,"" and the plot unfolds to she can say it. And I loved the book mostly because I loved her ""Something To Say:"" the importance of individuality; the cost and benefits of real freedom; that there is no love without pain, and no heroes without tragedy.So yes, I loved the book, in spite of its holes. And it is at least an easy read; I finished it in two days. So you won't be wasting weeks and months on it (looking at you, ghost of David Foster Wallace). But it just could have been so much better.Ah well. Maybe it will be in the movie."
"I recently read The Giver for the first time, and then noticed that a feature-length movie based on the book is coming out soon.  The Giver is an easy read and a relatively short book about a utopian/dystopian society.  The reader is free to decide whether the society is utopian or dystopian.  This is a society in which many generations of genetic engineering have resulted in a ""sameness"" among all citizens.  Color perception has been removed; citizens see only black, white, and shades of grey, so that color differences are not noticed (although shades would be).  Adults do not create children through copulation.  In fact, no one copulates; when the ""stirring"" begins, one is given a pill to take each day to eliminate sexual craving.  New people are created, one assumes, as so-called ""test-tube"" babies.  Parents are assigned children relatively randomly.  Everything necessary for life and comfort is provided by the society.  All one needs to do is do one's own job.  Everyone wears the same type of clothing.  Everyone has been trained to be extremely polite. . . . Eventually, each citizen is ""released,"" a euphemism for ""terminated.""  Release is not limited to older adults; non-thriving babies and certain criminals are subject to ""release.""  Most citizens have been led to believe that ""release"" is benign, something like going to another place, called ""Elsewhere.""  It seems that ""release"" is relatively quick and painless -- an injection. . . . The protagonist, Jonas, is an adolescent who turns 12 during the story.  Every citizen, in the year in which he attains the age of 12 is assigned his lifetime role-job.  Jonas is assigned the role of ""Receiver,"" a role only one citizen at a time has.  He is to receive training from the current Receiver (now in the role of ""Giver""), who is an old man; Jonas will succeed him.  The Receiver's role is to be a repository of memories of the past, pre-utopian/dystopian, society and world.  These memories somehow have been genetically engineered out of citizens, and the memories are both of pleasant (e.g., love, sex, biological family, sledding on a snowy hill) and unpleasant matters (e.g., death, injury, war, pain).  The trade-off this society made many generations before this story is a drastic one:  To avoid unpleasant experiences from happening, this society has eschewed the pleasant experiences also. . . . As Jonas receives these ancient memories from the Giver (the soon-to-retire Receiver), through a special process of touching, the Giver loses each memory he gives to Jonas.  But, as Jonas receives and experiences more memories of the distant past, and comes to understand what life was like then, he is severely conflicted.  He decides that his society made a wrong choice in balancing the trade-offs.  He plots and then executes an escape from the society, taking with him his little baby brother (assigned to his family unit) who was to be ""released"" the next day for failing to thrive to the level expected by the society.  The ending is open ended; it is subject to wildly different interpretations, some of which are related by the author in an appendum written in 1994. . . . This is an intelligent book, one that raises big and serious philosophical questions.  It is appropriate for young teens all the way up to older folks.  It has earned its appellations as a classic.  I look forward to seeing the movie, ""based"" on the book. -- Donn Weinberg"
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is yet another example of a novel about a dystopian society. The popularity of this book stems from so many different aspects. I wouldnt call it exciting, but I would definitely say that it is a really interesting book. One of the things that sets apart from other dystopian novels is that there doesnt really seem to be anything wrong with it. The Hunger Games features an oppressed and impoverished people being kept down by the government and in Fahrenheit 451 all books are burned to the dismay of citizens. However, the people in the community in The Giver appear to be rather okay with the whole sameness thing. Even when the main character, Jonas, finds out why they must have a person to keep all memories, it really makes a lot of sense: they need to avoid all of the atrocities that happened previously and the receiver is the one who makes sure of that.But how good can a dystopian society be? Although the community has ways of preventing joblessness, overcrowding, and other things that plague society in real life, it comes at a price. Jonas, now with his newfound memories and clearer vision of what happens in the community, realizes that people who arent ideal in the eyes of the elders are removed or killed, to be straightforward. This creates the idea that there is a difference between being perfect and being moral. Jonas chooses to be moral and escape the community and not let Gabriel be sent to elsewhere, which is arguably the term for death in the book.The Giver gives a new perspective on dystopian societies. While the type of community in The Giver seems to work pretty well, that is not the message of the book. The message is that we may be living in it now, and we just dont know it. The book wants to prevent us from becoming this odd society that we see in the book. Lois Lowry does a fantastic job at portraying her message and her own literary critique of society. This is why The Giver should be held at the same esteem as other American classics and analyzed as deeply as more famous novels like The Catcher in the Rye and The Great Gatsby."
"I missed this book when it was first published, probably because my children were all much older and in college. I sat down to read it and finished it in a couple of hours. I knew from the beginning that the story was distopian and thought to myself that I would have been eliminated in my early childhood had I lived in that place. I knew from the beginning that to be released was to be killed. I think I would have known that when I was 11 years old and in seventh grade. I also thought that the children who are being raised today with no limits and whose parents need ""Nanny 911"" would all have been dead by their second birthdays.Next morning: The book gave me nightmares. In my dreams I saw that There was NO LOVE in the communities. Children were birthed by women assigned to do this. They were not chosen for their intelligence but for their compliance. (Where the male semen comes from was not addressed.) Children were raised in a common nursery until they were given a name. Any weakness at all meant release. Gabriel was to be released because after staying with his nurturer's family he could not sleep through the night in a strange place. As soon as loving emotions begin to be felt by the children they are medicated daily for the rest of their lives to prevent them.Adults are assigned a spouse if they request it and are judged worthy. I don't think there is a sexual relationship between the husband and wife. They are assigned two children: one boy, one girl. They must put in a request when they want a child. Every year of life has its own instructions and obligations. Everyone rises to the next year in December. No one celebrates their birthday which they may not even know. At ""12"" you are given your life's work assignment. When the children leave ""home"" the parents move to a house where adults with no children must go. At a certain age you move to the House of the Old where you are isolated and finally released. The irony is that only those who do the releasing actually know that they kill people. Everyone else thinks that they are sent to live ""elsewhere."" Although lying is not allowed, those who kill lie to everyone else in the community and do not feel remorse over what they do.How could you live without color or music? What would it take to prevent someone seeing in color? There are no books to read except law and a dictionary. What on earth would prompt a society like this to exist?It's a lot to think about."
"I am 9 months pregnant and my amazing husband has started a habit of reading to me before bed because it puts the baby to sleep hearing his voice! lolHe read Son by Lois Lowry to me prior to buying this. Son was a really great read and if you havent read it already, you HAVE to get that too! It is sort of the full story and this is, more or less, Lowry going back through the full story line and giving you more detail into some of the characters backgrounds and filling in some holes that were overlooked or sort of enrich the storyline of Son.In my opinion, I would rather have read the surrounding pieces prior to hearing Son. It isnt like other writers whom write a story, see it take off only then to go back and write more books to ""add to"" the first book. I think this is just the writer's way of milking their moneymaker for more money. NO, NO, this is different! Gathering Blue, Messenger and The Giver were all parts of the main storyline I would rather have known before hearing Son...I hope that gives more of an explanation.Son is probably the most unique, intriguing and horrifyingly honest story I have ever heard. In so many ways, this really could happen. It has alot of ""Big Brother"" and George Orwell's ""1984"" overtones that are creepy to hear and more disturbingly possible! It had me interested from cover to cover. This book however, as I stated before, is sort of an enrichment of Son. It just gives the backgrounds of characters in Son. I dont want to give too much away so I havent given too many details. I do want to say though, this was probably the most disturbing books of the series. It actually gave me nightmares. I really could have done without knowing how they ""Release"" babies. I guess being a mom, it just hits a little too close to home.Either way, Son is a great and intriguing read and these just keep the story going. I certainly would not read this as a stand alone novel but reading alongside Son, it gives more to the story."
"The Giver is a Newberry Award winning chapter book written by Lois Lowry. The book is in the genre of fantastic literature and is intended for readers ages eight to twelve years old, although older readers can appreciate the book as well. Lowry is an extremely well known author of childrens books and she has won numerous awards for many of her works, including Number the Stars and Gooney Bird Greene. Lowry has a knack for including difficult topics in her work, such as racism, murder, and the Holocaust, in a way that is effective for children. The Giver takes place in a dystopian society, where everything is very structured and safe. There is no poverty, crime, or sickness, but at the same time there is no love, color, choice, or true happiness either. The main character, Jonas, is a twelve-year-old boy who is selected to be the new receiver of memories. As Jonas receives countless memories of snow, sunshine, happiness, sorrow, pain, and love, he discovers disturbing truths about his society and begins to question all that he has ever known. In The Giver, Jonas is also forced to make some difficult choices. After finding out about murders occurring, Jonas has to decide if he will escape with a newborn who is going to ultimately be murdered. If he leaves his community to Elsewhere, he will never be able to return to his family or friends, and the memories he has received will be released to the entire community, which would cause mayhem. This difficult decision forces Jonas to grow up and think about what is best for himself and others. While this decision is a very extreme one, the themes of growing up and making difficult choices are ones that all readers can relate to. The Giver is definitely a chapter book that I would recommend to middle school aged readers, along with other books by Lois Lowry. The Giver explores the idea of a utopian society, in which people have given up life as we know it in order to eliminate the ugly parts of society, such as war. Readers are able to sympathize with Jonas as he goes through his training and transforms. This book is particularly beneficial because it makes readers think more deeply and try to see the world of the story through Jonas perspective. Even though the society in the book is so different, Lowry includes universal themes of joy and pain, happiness and sorrow, among other polarities. The Giver is definitely a book I would recommend reading in a school setting or a setting where readers get the opportunity for discussion and further thinking. This book is an extremely important one and can be appreciated by a wide variety of readers."
"Smart, sparely written childrens literature is a breath of fresh air. When I get to reading too much literary and adult fic or become exhausted by hyper-self-conscious, overwrought YA novels, a book like The Giver is exactly what I need. I read Lowrys other popular book, Number the Stars, not too long ago and was equally impressed. Somehow, without meaning to, Ive picked up where I left off on that list of suggested reading for 8th graders I was given in junior high.Two things about book 1 before I focus all of my energy on waiting EVER SO PATIENTLY in the <i>Gathering Blue</i> library patron line: It's written with simple, matter-of-fact prose. I think literature that can evoke a feeling or emotion from a reader without seeming to flaunt its sadnesswithout so obvious a design to rip your heart outsucceeds at pulling a reader into its ""reality,""which for obvious reasons is especially critical for fantasy. I remember when I took a writing class, this skill seemed almost mystical. How do you direct your readers without ""telling""? To show not tell, that's the goal. The Boy in the Striped Pajamas does this well too. In some sense,it may be easier to accomplish with children's lit because innocence is a prerequisite. If the narrator cant explain things to death, then were all saved from encountering clumsy stereotypes. It's imaginative and thoughtfully structured. I feel like I'll have much more to say about this as I read the rest of the series, but my initial reaction was a mix of awe and suspicion. Lowry imagines a rigidly disciplined, orderly community where the headaches that come from having choices are effectively removed from the individual's power and placed in the hands of rational, objective and attentive observers who make informed decisions on an actual case-by-case basis. And I gotta say, for all its craziness, I would've loved that level of personalized anal-retentiveness in my own job search. Yes, please someone observe me and tell me what the hell I'm suited for in this world! If only universities had these kinds of resources and cash to throw at career centers, for chrissakes. Which is where my suspicion comes in. How the heck is this community sustainable? It's not particularly big which is a factor I guess. But do people actually follow rules this readily? What if I innocently forget to take a pill one day? Authors seem to imagine that post-catastrophe we'll be a more orderly people, and I don't know, I feel like insanity and anarchy are equally plausible scenarios once everything goes to crap. Especially for kids. My middle school class was a nightmare, and we weren't living through an apocalypse (at least not literally). I'm baffled by how this works and Im curious to see what direction this goes in for the rest of the series. Lowry has me hooked!"
"The Giver by Lois Lowry was published in 1993 and was the recipient of the 1994 Newberry Award for its contributions to childrens literature. This novel, set in a seemingly utopian future, explores what were to happen if all of our choices were taken away. This world has no color, no music, no weather, and no freedom. People are assigned jobs, spouses, and even children, because, as the community wants everyone to believe, having the ability to make choices is dangerous. For Jonas, an Eleven-going-on-Twelve, every day is the samehe goes to school, then to volunteer hours, and finally home. When the story begins, he and his fellow Elevens are preparing to go through the Ceremony of Twelve where they will be assigned to the jobs that they will keep for the rest of their lives. Meanwhile, Jonas father, a nurturer, takes home a newchild, Gabriel, from work to care for before he can be assigned a family. Finally, the day comes where Jonas is to become a Twelve. He is selected (not assigned) to the most honored position of Receiver of Memories. The next day, Jonas reports to training and meets his mentor, the Giver. Throughout the rest of the novel, the Giver transmits memories of the past, our current present, to Jonas. Finally, he begins to see that his community may not be as perfect as it seems.Lois Lowrys masterfully crafted novel, set in a strange, dystopian future, is one that really causes the reader to think.  In the beginning, the reader may think that the community, though foreign, is not so terrible. Everyone seems happy, all the citizens are respectful of one another, and the world is harmonious. There is no unemployment or hunger. Everyone has his or her place in society. The reader becomes comfortable with this reality, and may even begin to question our way of life. Could a place where everyone is happy be bad? Towards the middle, once Jonas begins his training as the new Receiver of Memory, the reader realizes that this place is not perfect after all. The peaceful town becomes a gray-scaled nightmare. There are no choices, love does not exist, and individuality is considered a bad thing. The reader can firmly conclude that this is no way of life. He or she begins to contemplate what Jonas will do about it, because he as well is becoming extremely disconcerted with his community. By the end, everything changes, and the story becomes a giant question of What will happen next? Though there is no resolution because there are more books in the series, the reader is at least left with a sense that things are going to get better. The Giver is a book that makes a reader really think.The Giver is a book best suited for a slightly older audience. Middle school children, around ages 11-14, are the targeted audience, but, because of the deep nature of the book, anyone above that age range would also enjoy reading and analyzing it. Reading it for the first time as a college student, I found that I had trouble putting it down. It is a book best read in one sitting, and because it is fairly short, an older audience is able to do so.This book fully absorbed me into Jonas strange world. I felt every emotion along with him. I believe that this is a book that everyone should read at least once in his or her lifetimes, if not multiple times. It contains several very important messages that we can all take to heart: be precise with your words; be respectful of everyone; and, most importantly, question everything."
"The Giver, one of Lois Lowrys most famous books, is a chapter book often assigned to students in their sixth grade English classes. Lois Lowry is a prolific writer, and has won various awards for several of her books. Lois Lowry has one the Newbury Medal twice: once in 1990 for her young adult novel, Number the Stars, and again in 1994 when she won the medal for The Giver. Lois Lowry has written both picture books and chapter books, but she is most well known for her young adult novels. She has several stand-alone books such as Number the Stars, as well as several series, including the Anastasia series, the Sam Krupnik series, the Gooney Bird Books, Books about the Tates, and the Quartet, which is the series that begins with The Giver. This series also includes Gathering Blue, The Messenger, and Son. Lois Lowry describes her books as being varied in content and style, but all dealing with the same general theme of the importance of human connections (Lowry). Lowrys theme is especially apparent in The Giver and the rest of the series, in which she explores the vital need of people to be aware of their interdependence, not only with each other, but with the world and its environment (Lowry). Lowrys The Giver is a novel in the science fiction genre that is meant for adolescents. The book chronicles the story of the protagonist, an 11- soon to be 12-year-old named Jonas, who lives in a nondescript community where everything is hyper-controlled, to the point where they have eliminated fear, pain, and choice, and in doing so, love, curiosity, and truth. When Jonas turns twelve, he receives his assigned role in the community, as do all of the new 12-year-olds. However, while most 12-year-olds receive run-of-the-mill assignments, such as being a caretaker of the old, a day laborer, or a nurturer for the newchildren, Jonas is singled out to become the communitys new Receiver. He receives special training the towns old Receiver, who Jonas is told to refer to as the Giver. The Giver is the only member of the community who holds the memories of the past in which people experienced the true pain and pleasure of life, and Jonas has been chosen to have the memories transferred to him. While Jonas is greatly honored to have received this position, he also struggles with the new memories and information, especially because he can now see all of the negative aspects of the seemingly pristine community in which he lives. At the end of the novel, Jonas must make an important decision: should he stay in the community and suffer knowing what he knows and knowing that others know nothing? Or should he leave the community, releasing the memories to the rest of the inhabitants, leaving them to fend for themselves in the presence of the pain and pleasure of a life of the past? This book is often used in sixth grade English classrooms as the first book that the class will read and analyze together. The book deals with sophisticated ideas and themes and has been banned from several school districts. However, the story is compelling and allows adolescents to explore a novel that will show them how to see the world in a critical manner, never taking things at face value. While Jonas world is clearly an extreme example, the world in the book opens up discussions about the flaws in our world, and what, if anything, we are missing as we move towards a more technology-filled, conformist society. Lowrys ability to bring up these sophisticated and meaningful issues in a way that young adolescents can understand and identify with is incredible, especially since she is able to do all of this in a story that is so engaging. The story hooks readers in immediately, and readers find themselves unable to put the book down, going through the experience with Jonas as he begins to receive the memories. I would absolutely recommend this book for middle schoolers. Children as young as fourth or fifth graders may be able to read it as well, but it definitely depends on the maturity level of the individual child, because the book deals with mature issues, including but not limited to euthanasia. However, when I read it in fifth grade and then again in sixth grade, I felt personally thankful that Lowry was not underestimating my maturity as a reader. Young adolescents can use this point as a starting point for several important conversations about their society, and can learn a lot from it. Additionally, the page-turner quality of the book certainly helps to engage even the most tentative of readers."
"I read this book for the first time in 1996. My 6th grade teacher gave it to me to read and advise her on whether it was appropriate for 6th graders (I was in high school and tutoring 6th graders) because I was a prolific reader when I was in 6th grade. I read it in one night. I told her it was the most mind blowing book I had ever read, probably too much for a 6th grader....and no, I wasn't giving it back. And I didn't. Over the years, I have read it at least once a year. When I find The Giver in thrift stores, I ""save"" them. I give them to friends. Perfect strangers. Fellow book addicts. I've purchased over a dozen copies, probably more.My first born was named after one of the characters. No, I am not obsessed, I swear.The reason I love it so much? I am an artist and a musician. The idea of living in a ""perfect"" society without color or expression or music is honestly not a world worth living in. There is nothing so humbling as imagining a world so devoid of the beauty of CHOICE to make the world around you seem not so bad after all. I will take the heartache. I will take the cold and hunger, aching loss and pain, as long as you don't take away my choice to experience it. The joy and pain of birthing your own child. The feeling of falling in love with your spouse. The excitement of your own sexual feelings. The pain of losing a family member. To have a family! And as Jonas said, ""blue or red?"" Life is about the little things.This story is not the Hunger Games. It's not post-apocalyptic war society, where people are threatened with violence if they don't conform. This story is worse than that. This Community doesnt have any anti-conformists. People are happy. Their lives have order. Security. No pain at all. But at a terrible price they aren't even aware of. When I have come across a friend bordering on suicidal, I have given them this book. The Giver's greatest gift is that it perfectly illustrates what a ""perfect life"" lacks- choice. It has saved many a dear friend. I read it yearly to remind me to be GRATEFUL."
"I am a bit late to the party - several friends recommended this book to me over the years, but for one reason or another I never got around to reading it. Having heard so many good things about it my expectations were quite high. I won't say the book dashed those expectations completely, but I will say that it fell well short of them.This is the basic premise of 'The Giver': in some unspecified future humanity lives under the constraints of 'Sameness'. Everything is well structured and organized in a rigid hierarchy called the Community. Spouses are chosen, families put in applications for children, children are assigned jobs at age 12, the elderly live in a special old-age home, and undesirables (newborns with defects, the too old, repeat offenders) are 'released'. Everyone gathers at breakfast to discuss dreams and at dinner feelings.Our hero Jonas is selected to be the Receiver of Memory at his sorting ceremony at age 12, and begins training with the Giver to receive wisdom and memories of generations past so that when the Elders encounter a problem they have never faced before, they can call upon his expertise and experience. There he learns for the first time what things like color, love, warmth and war are.Lowry raises some critical questions with this brilliant set up: is a world without pain, hunger, anger, war worth living in if it is also without uniqueness, love, color and music? Unfortunately her execution is flawed. The book is short, way too short. She builds up incredible tension and makes the reader well connected to Jonas and the Giver and their shared plight, only to squander it away with the ridiculous and abrupt ending. I felt horror and pain for Jonas, but the book unraveled so fast that my empathy was replaced by bewilderment.I don't think this book is for kids, by the way. Young adults in their mid-teens are more the appropriate demographic. Kids younger than that might be confused and may not be able to fully grasp the depth of the book.Three stars mainly for the brilliant rendering of dystopia and for posing truly provocative questions."
"I read this book for the first time well over a decade ago and I found it haunting then.  The writing style is deceptively simple, but the social mores and concepts touched on within are far from it.  Having recently acquired a Kindle, I jotted down a list of some books I wanted to re-visit--and this was one of the top titles (even though ""YA"" is far behind me now). Then, I noticed one day while browsing that the price of the digital edition had dropped a bit so I grabbed a copy only to find out a few days later it had made the Amazon Editors' list of books to read in a lifetime.On re-reading this, I was struck yet again by how profoundly haunting Jonas' story and world are as one visits the pages.  The story is a bit hard to talk about without spoilers.  It revolves around a boy named Jonas that lives in a supposed perfect, ""Utopian"" society.  When Jonas is selected to be the keeper of the communities' memories (although that is a bit simplistic a description for his newly assigned role), he finds out that things aren't what they appear to be at all.  It comes down to making a choice of doing the easy wrong thing or the very hard right thing--to save a little boy's life. Even though it means nothing will ever be the same for Jonas, his young charge (Gabe), or his community, Jonas must choose a course of action.Yes, it's a ""YA"" book, but I really think it's something everyone should try to read at least once in a lifetime (as apparently did Amazon's editors). It'll make you happy, angry, sad--all at different turns.  It's really one of those books that everyone is going to take a little ""something"" different from as far as interpretation.  There a few truly shocking moments, so parents may want to read this before giving it to the young to read.  It may just spark some really interesting discussion, when read together, though.I really found the introduction and Newberry acceptance speech interesting, in addition to the story content. I haven't read any of the follow-up books that connect to ""The Giver"" yet, until fairly recently, I hadn't actually realized there were more books (I haven't been an avid for a great while now). I have mixed feelings about continuing onward, but I may yet read the other stories."
"Utopiawas Thomas More's attempt in 1516 to critique some of the problems in his society and put forth a challenge for reform, but many of the ideas proposed in his story are far-fetched and impractical. From More's work, a lot of other utopian and dystopian literature developed and dystopian fiction and films are continually being written.Dystopia happens to be one of my favorite genres of fiction. So here's the funny thing: I'm sometimes accused of being a perfectionist by people who know me well, but for some reason, I enjoy reading stories of societies which are far from perfect, even though they were established with that intention. I think I like these stories because as a ""perfectionist"" I'm also a fixer. If I see something amiss, or something that I think could be improved upon, I just have to jump in and try to remedy the situation. So I can relate to the story characters that see the problems in their culture and are not content to just accept it and go along with society. I also admire characters who are determined to fight evil and injustice, even when it means defying the culture they live in.One of my favorite young adult dystopia books is The Giver by Lois Lowry. I've read it numerous times and have also taught it a couple of times for Jr. High lit courses. The setting of The Giver could be futuristic or simply an alternate reality. Real historic events that have taken place on Earth are mentioned in the story, so it apparently takes place in a community somewhere on Earth, but not the Earth as we know it. In this community, most aspects of life are controlled: population, weather, education, jobs, recreation, property ownership, even death. Families are formed by a Committee that assigns spouses and children to each household, and occupations are assigned to children when they turn 12. ""Sameness"" is emphasized and individuality is discouraged. Asking questions is considered rude, and everything is carefully planned out in order to ""protect people from wrong choices."" Rules are strictly enforced and very hard to change.Twelve-year-old Jonas had always been respectful of authority and very careful about following the rules. He accepted the way things were; the rules made sense, and he never questioned them. Although he was aware that the rules stated that ""if you don't fit in, you can apply for Elsewhere and be released...How could someone not fit in? The community was so meticulously ordered, the choices so carefully made."" While the community is rather isolated and protected and its citizens are almost completely free of pain, sorrow, illness, fear, or worry, it is also devoid of creativity, variety, privacy, imagination, opinions, choices, and adventure. The story's conflict develops when Jonas is selected to be the Receiver of Memory, the most important job in the community, and ""now, for the first time in his twelve years of life, Jonas felt separate, different. He remembered what the Chief Elder had said: that his training would be alone and apart.""When he begins his training to take on the role of Receiver (which is passed on to him from the Giver of Memory), Jonas gradually learns about all that has been kept from the people ""for their good."" As Jonas gains this awareness, he begins to resent the restraints and rules in his society that are limiting personal freedom, individual expression, and human relationships. As he acquires memories, experiences feelings, and gains an understanding of concepts like family and love that none of the people in his community are familiar with, he becomes more alienated from them and discontent with his life. At one point, Jonas expresses his frustration with the situation with the Giver:  ""But why can't everyone have the memories? I think it would seem a little easier if the memories were shared. You and I wouldn't have to bear so much by ourselves, if everybody took a part.""  The Giver sighed. ""You're right,"" he said. But then everyone would be burdened and pained. They don't want that. And that's the real reason The Receiver is so vital to them, and so honored. They selected me - and you - to lift that burden from themselves.""  ""When did they decide that?"" Jonas asked angrily. ""It wasn't fair. Let's change it!""  ""How do you suggest we do that? I've never been able to think of a way, and I'm supposed to be the one with all the wisdom.""Jonas wonders if things could somehow be changed, but it is the Giver who comes up with the plan to return the memories back to the community.In The Giver, Lois Lowry uses foreshadowing effectively to build the suspense. As the story progresses, she gradually gives the reader more information about Jonas' society and what is kept from them in order to maintain a sense of security and sameness. The Giver also raises some good topics discussion, which is why I chose it for literature studies. For example:- Is it worth giving up personal freedom in order to have security/safety?- Which is safer or better for society -- freedom of choice or control? Which is better for the individual?- Is it better to express inner thoughts, feelings, concerns, and opinions, or are some thoughts and feelings better kept to ones' self?- How do family and other personal relationships give life more meaning and purpose?- How are mistakes, disappointments, pain and sorrow important, even beneficial, in life?- Why are memories important in our life? If we could have all of our bad memories erased, would that make us happier individuals?Warning to parents and teachers: The Giver has been the target of censorship due to some of the controversial subjects it touches, particularly euthanasia. For this reason and for its minor references to sex and drugs, I would recommend this book for ages 12 and up. Apparently some have thought that Lowry is suggesting that some of the practices in Jonas' society should be implemented in the real world. However, I think it's clear that she is merely putting forth a hypothetical situation to show the possible negative consequences of establishing such a rigid, controlled community.The Giver was followed by three additional companion works:Gathering Blue,Messenger, and finallySon, which was published in 2012. I've read all but the last one, but so far The Giver remains my favorite; it's a story that really stays with you. Regarding Lowry's story quartet, a reviewer for Breakpoint.org explains:""Despite their differences, Lowry uses each setting, as well as each new antagonist, to highlight both the internal and external forces that come against us as we daily battle to accept our circumstances, ourselves, and those around us, without surrendering the things that make us unique or letting go of our convictions. She also highlights the way both our greatest desires and best intentions can be used against us, and what consequences might follow."""
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is a book about a society that has no colors, no music, no love. Differences are discouraged, and it is considered rude to speak about them. Everyone lives perfect lives. They are assigned their family units, their jobs, and almost everything else in their lives. Nobody has to make any decisions, and therefore there is no worry or uncertainty. Even words are chosen carefully, so that the wrong meaning is not conveyed.It seems like perfection. A boy named Jonas is chosen to be the new Receiver of Memory and learn all about the past so that he can advise those who will not bear the burden of the memories on their own. He learns about snow, and sunshine, and love. He also learns about the bad things - pain, war, and death. Now Jonas needs to decide if giving all of these things up, the good and the bad, all those years ago, was worth it. He needs to decide whether to let all of his family and friends skim through the surfaces of their lives in ignorance and bliss, or force them to learn the harsh truth that they need to actually live.The main character is very relatable, and it is easy to slip into his mind. The novel is very well written and interesting. It is not very action-packed; rather, it has a very thoughtful tone and makes readers think every step of the way about what is right and what is wrong. The ending is ambiguous, but it sticks in your mind for a long time. I really enjoyed this novel.I think that younger readers can enjoy it and understand it to some extent, but, like many good books, it has deeper meanings that do not open up to you until you are older. It could probably be read by any age group, but teenagers are most likely the intended audience. If a person reads this when they are younger, I recommend rereading it during their teenage years. I read this book in fourth grade and loved it, but I understand some of the topics reading it now, in ninth grade, that I did not understand back then."
"There are so many reviews of this book, I don't know that anyone will read this.The book - I don't know, I really wanted to like this book.  And the story is solid and the world Lowry creates is pretty rich and detailed without getting bogged down in minutia.  Mainly because the world doesn't have a lot of that.  My trouble came in the final act of the book, not so much in the ""controversial ending"" that has become one of those ""you just don't get it"" debatable non-finishes that's neither a cliffhanger or a resolution but more of a throwing your hands up and saying here's a choose your own adventure MadLibs.Apparently people had to read this in school and it's one of the most restricted books in schools which I find widely strange on both counts.  As a teaching text for YA readers, I think it brings up some interesting issues and philosophical questions probably not breached in a lot of middle school English literature in this way.  It's a challenging book for a kid to understand sometimes.  As an adult, it was pretty easy to see through the foreshadowing as where this whole thing was headed, but I enjoyed the ride.I bought this book after hearing about the movie and realizing I hadn't read it.  The book is painfully short in my opinion, it definitely made me want some more to chew on as far as the world and the characters and the changes they go through, but I'm sure that's by design for the intended audience.It also must be the manual for all these YA dystopian future books coming out, so you might as well read the source material.  I saw a lot of Hunger Games in this...KINDLE ED - the kindle edition has some illustrations in it, they are strange, in a good way, so you might want to get this addition.  Several of them cracked me up, like North Korean propaganda done my a Rockwell impersonator."
"Dystopian books may be widely popular right now, but they're anything but new. Before there was The Hunger Games and Divergent and Legend and every other new dystopian YA series, there was The Giver (which I suppose can technically be considered an utopian series, depending on your opinion). I wanted to revisit one of the classics that I remember being fascinated by as a young reader but didn't remember in detail, so I listened to The Giver on audio book and reconnected with a book that reminds me why I love reading.In eleven year old Jonas' world, everything is controlled and perfect. Decisions for every facet of life are made by the government, from who they marry to how many children they have and what their job will be in society. When Jonas turns twelve he is assigned the special role of Receiver of Memory in which the Giver of Memory transmits the history of the world to Jonas by memories. With pleasing memories such as snow and love come painful memories such as sunburn and hunger. As Jonas receives memories, he begins to develop feelings that everyone else in society are void of having and he struggles with living in a society where he must carry the weight of emotions alone.The premise of this story alone is fascinating: a government in which no decisions are made and everything operates perfectly. Nobody truly feels love and in effect nobody really feels loss when a member is ""Released"". While life may sound somewhat boring, it's simple, and even lively members, such as Jonas' friend Asher, are able to find a place. The understanding that everything that leads to choices, opinions, and emotions is sacrificed by society in order for members to live a ""perfect"" life becomes too great of a price to pay for ignorant Jonas as he gains emotions. This poses the same question for readers: Would we be willing to sacrifice all the good things in order to protect ourselves from the bad things? Would you sacrifice sunshine to avoid sunburn? Would you sacrifice seasons to avoid hunger? Would you sacrifice love to avoid loss?This book is not very complex. The premise requires some imagination, but the questions Lowry poses can be processed by readers of all ages. As a child reader and as an adult reader I was and am captivated by this story. It causes the reader to consider life and society from any position on the spectrum of your lifespan. It calls to question whether a utopia is even achievable without sacrificing so much that said utopia can be viewed equally as a dystopia. No matter the age of the reader, this book is a great conversation piece for what we're willing to give up for a perfect life before that perfect life becomes less than ideal.Bottom Line: Everyone should read this book. I believe that even people who don't consider themselves readers will be drawn in by this world and the questions this book poses. 5/5 stars."
"I first read this book in what I believe was the third grade and found it utterly fascinating.  While he were assigned to read a certain amount of chapters per week, I found myself constantly reading ahead because I just HAD to find out what was going to happen next.  After roughly 20 years later, I decided to read ""The Giver"" again, and was able to enjoy it on an entirely different platform.For a basic plot summary, ""The Giver"" is set in the way, way future when humankind has essentially been sterilized, with all the pain (and pleasure) taken out of day-today occurrences.  There is no color, basically all choices are made by the government, and people who don't live up to the standards in any age are ""released"" from the community.  There is one man, The Giver, who holds all the memories of the ""back and back and back"", bearing all the pain for the people.  However, The Giver is very old and thus a replacement must be found in the form of Jonas, a curious young boy who decides he wants something different for his life than the task thrust upon him.""The Giver"" stands the test of time because it resonates on two very important levels:First, it is a perfect adolescent coming-of-age story.  Most youngsters can relate to Jonas and his struggles, and the story is told so simply from author Lois Lowry that even grade schoolers can understand the thoughts/feelings of the tome.Secondly, the utopian/distopian themes can be understood, examined, and enjoyed even by adults.  In a world where it sometimes seems as if the government continuously encroaches on some of our freedoms (while trying to protect others), the themes of ""The Giver"" are as relevant today as they were in 1993.Overall, ""The Giver"" is a top-notch book that can be read by anyone.  I read it as a child so I had the ""nostalgia factor"" working in my favor as well, but I honestly think that adults (at least those who can stomach at least some YA fare) can whip through these 180 pages and find immense enjoyment from the hours spent within its unique world."
"I love this book so much. I read it in 7th grade, and that was when I first introduced to the wonderful world of dystopian novels. Since then, I feel as if it is my favorite genre, fantasy coming in a close second though!What I love the most about The Giver is how real it feels. I know some of the aspect seems a bit far fetched-only seeing in color, controlling the weather, the lack of freedom in the government system-but once I got passed all that, I could understand why the citizens would choose to live in this world. It's safe, and predictable-there are no wars, no real threats, and most importantly, everyone is the same-there are no social classes, there aren't people who get more while others get nothing. The idea that everyone is equal, is the main ideal that keeps this society function and if you really think about it, is that so bad?Of course, what also intrigues me about this story is how rich in symbol it is. The fact that everyone sees in black and white, links straight to the way they live their life and how they see the world around them. The citizens are told what to do, and they never question it. They see everything as black and white, right and wrong and there is never any gray. In this sense, it makes them the perfect citizens, but it also makes them the worst kind of humans-the ones that waste and wither away until they die. Jonas and The Giver are the only ones who can see color and see that in life there are moments of golds and yellows, but also moments of black and gray as well. It really makes me wonder, what human beings would give up in order to be safe and secure. Lowry constantly demonstrates through Jonas, that as a reader we must also not go into this book seeing only black and white. Do not view this world and its people as idiotic and foolish, but think why this system works and the benefits of it. After all, all dystopian societies stem from the hopes of being a utopia.I've read so many novels throughout my life, and this one always sticks with me as being a favorite. It's written in such a simple, yet beautiful way and it isn't a very long book, but there is so much to learn and take away from this story. A story that appeals to all ages, not just for the young.The Giver is a story that refuses to be forgotten once it is read, and there are very few books I can confidently say that about."
"This story is from the perspective of an eleven year old young man named Jonas. Jonas lives in a type of society that has eliminated many sorrows of today's world. In this world there is no hatred, fear, pain, or war- could you imagine? This society that Jonas lives in is based in the future and is the ""perfect society"" so to speak. In this society, everyone looks the same, which takes out quite a bit of hatred in the society. At the start of each child's life, they are placed into something called a ""nurturing center"" for their first year of life, with other newborns. These newborns are born to people referred to as birthmothers, who never see their babies. After that first year, the newborns are adopted by an adult couple, by the choice of the governmental controlling power, and only one boy and one girl is permitted, per family. Any type of flaw that a newborn has throughout it's nurturing stage, or indiscretion that a person commits within the society, ""releases them"" or in today's terms, they are killed off, this is all in the hopes of creating the perfect society.This novel portrays a society that is entirely controlled, there are loudspeakers that transmit orders to the community. At the age of 11, children are told what their job will be, after observation and begin training at age 12. The controlling power also chooses their inhabitants spouse and children for them. Any type of rule breaking within the community, and that rule-breaker will be ""released"" (a.k.a killed).This is a book that I had to read for a college course I am enrolled in, and honestly, I did not think I would like this book after reading a synopsis of it online. If you enjoy science-fiction book or movies, this would be a great read for you. However, I have never really bought into the whole ""syfy"" thing. But, as this book went on I found it to be interesting and really thought outside of the norm, which I found thought-provoking. I found it to be relatable to the idea that someone is always watching, like the government is always watching your every move to see if they have to ""release"" you for breaking rules. It was a little eery to know that throughout the book, the governmental control is watching every citizen's every move."
"I read this paperback version (teeny tiny print, by the way, bring your glasses!) to my 8 and 10 year old children.  I like to read books like this, books that really rely on the reader to give it some life. They can read the words, but to really understand the text, chapter by chapter, really needs an adult pushing it along.So we began with ""The Giver"".  We had just finished ""Wonder"" and were blown away with the message of the book, and Amazon had suggested this as something we might like.You can tell from the other reviews what the book is about: an alternate place in time where people do not have pain, grief, or see colors, for that matter, where people are controlled by a select group of leaders.  More to it than that, but that is the general gist.  So there is this ""Giver"" character which is supposed to be someone who is chosen to keep all the memories, all the good, the bad, and if he/she is around and doing that, all the others can basically rest easy and enjoy their easy life.About 75% of the book is very positive, families talking to one another every night at the dinner table, telling about their feelings, basically never able to go to bed angry.  Very grown up stuff.  But then this 12 year old boy is chosen to be the next ""Giver"" as the older one is ""retiring"" (we find out later that isn't really the case) and he is now needing to be trained to take over.My issue with this book and my reading it to my kids is at the point where there is some out and out violence, death in fact, and it is dealt with so matter-of-factly.  It really struck my kids and shocked them, to the point where they were looking at me wondering if what I was saying was true!  And I simply think that the writing was implausible, no matter how fiction this book was, that they would be killing each other this deep into the book and that it wouldn't have come up earlier.So I am taking off one star.  I didn't think it went with the rest of the story line.  I think she could have come up with a better explanation to this section of the story.Otherwise a well written book, and might be better for the 12+ crowd."
"These are some of the best books I have ever read. Young adult fiction, magical realism... they explore the depths of what it means to be human. Themes of color, music, memory and love run throughout the set.I found myself referring back to them in my mind relating to things going on in my life. For exmaple, Kira, the main character of 'Gathering Blue' is physically flawed--she has born with a limp. But when offered the chance to fix it(in the third book), she refuses. Today with physical scars on my body from extensive surgery, I'm tempted to start hating my body for letting me down, but I am reminded that I am so much more than my body.This review could go on and on, but I'll comment here on the depiction of 'evil' in the four books The implication throughout is that evil has eventually metamorphosed into both the 'clinical' society of book one and the savage, kill-or-be-killed society of book two.In book three we meet the 'perfect balance' society, and ominously, evil, personified as a character, pays occasional visits to the village to disrupt things. Then in book four there is a harry-potter-like showdown with this character, but much more tastefully done. I have no issues with this depiction of evil (after all the epitome of an evil uncaring deed is what drives the first novel, then most of the characters of book two can be considered 'uncaring and evil') It's just too much of an optimistic outlook I think. Evil is then something that is put upon mankind and can just as easily be banished. My personal opinion is that human evil is just that--human and will be around as long.One thing to keep in mind is her 'evil' isn't the black-and-white kind you see everywhere. Matt, the main character of the third book, was raised in utter squalor in the poor part of the poor part of town, by savage, uncaring, almost sub-human people and he, if anyone, should turn out to be pure evil. Yet, he still manages to find kindness and love deep within--mostly with the help of his dog."
"This is one of the best children's books I have ever read (with a few caveats). It was very short (I think I finished it in around 6 hours), and yet, although concise, it was a challenging and thought-provoking story. If God blesses me with children one day, I will most definitely encourage them to read this classic. Society needs individuals to use their God-given gifts for the betterment of the people. What will we each ""give"" to the world? We can either squander our talents for our own selfish gain, or put them to use to help others. I admire the courage of Jonas and the wisdom that he displays, even at such a young age. ""Don't let anyone look down on you because you are young, but set an example for the believers in speech, in conduct, in love, in faith and in purity"" (1 Timothy 4:12). Jonas exhibitions a love, understanding, sacrifice, and curiosity that I wish all people had. His tender innocence and sincerity is something that is missing these days; he is an example to all young people, as well as adults.Reservations: I strongly disliked the ending. I know that some might disagree with me, but that's just my honest opinion. The entire journey away from home, the escape from enemy jets overhead,  the near-death experiences--starvation, hypothermia, despair--and the hope for what lies ""beyond,"" all end in a seemingly random finale that leaves the reader ""wondering."" There is absolutely no indication of whether or not Jonas truly found ""life beyond,"" so for all of those who boast about the confidence they have in their interpretation, I would have argue that it is inconclusive. I suppose that the ending might satisfy a young child whose imagination is willing to carry his or her thoughts into the unknown, but in all sincerity, I was just frustrated by it.Also, I was left in a state of annoyance as I considered both of the possible interpretations of this book's ending. Regardless of whether or not Jonas found life, does it really have much significance either way? Generations come and generations go--a civilization that exists (no matter where or when) will end relatively soon. The memories of its existence will die out like the wind. If life ends at the grave for each and every person, then life has no intrinsic value whatsoever--by implication, the courageous pursuits and adventurous plights of Jonas' life will have, in the end, meant absolutely nothing. These are the disastrous ramifications if God does not exist. This is partly why I find these kinds of books extremely unsatisfying to read. Namely, that they present a hopeful, meaningful, purposeful existence while at the same time excluding God's existence, as well as eternity. The modern American culture is one that adheres to secular humanism, thus many individuals would have read this book without even picking up on these implications.I understand that I have to give credit to the author's intent, and so these reservations that I have about this book, although they may seem a little aggressive, do not affect my review here. It would be unfair for me to give a poor review of a book thats purpose was much narrower in purpose than to exposit the deep metaphysical questions of life. This review simply represents my train of thought as I read the book. All in all, I recommend the book to all men, women, and above all, children. Enjoy!"
"There aren't many people out there who haven't read Lois Lowry's classic, The Giver, but I happened to be one of them. Then I talked to my longtime friend (since 2nd grade!) who I often share great YA titles with (and a love for cheesy RomComs) and she told me The Giver was a book that she read in middle school that stayed with her. She still thought about the book 20 years later (god we are getting old). So, I decided I had to quit being a turd and do my YA collection justice with this 1994 Newberry winner. After finishing it in one voracious sitting, I had to ask myself if I would ever learn. I avoided Percy Jackson for years- did I learn? I refused to read Harry Potter, Twilight, and so many more for no other reason than they were popular. Now The Giver. Will I ever learn?! Why do I deprive myself of great stories?The story begins in a utopia. No one feels pain, no one is unhappy. Any feelings of anger, jealousy or concern are to be voiced in family units every morning in order to address and release them. Children are not born and raised with their parents. Instead, a sensible couple the community puts together is allowed to ask for children and they can receive up to one boy and one girl. Only Birth Mothers are allowed to have children, but since all the community members take drugs to inhibit sexual impulses from the time they reach puberty, no one seems to object. When people get too old, they are ""Released"" into a better state. If twins are born, the smaller of the two will be released. Even careers are not chosen, but rather given to the people of the community by the Elders after careful consideration. When children reach their twelfth year, they are assigned a career to focus on. Although they can request a career change, it doesn't happen. Instead, people are content in the community. They contribute, they live, and they are content. Nothing more. Nothing less.When Jonas reaches his twelfth year and is assigned, however, it changes everything. Jonas is assigned as the new Receiver of Memory. He is to report to the Giver of Memory, an old man who was chosen as Jonas was chosen, to be given the memories of times forgotten. This includes happy memories, like snow, sledding, warm sun, and fun. It also includes bad memories like pain, breaking an arm, war, and anger. These memories begin to change Jonas, but he is forbidden to share them with others. All he wants to do is show his sister and his friends the colors of the world, the sunshine.When his father, a Nurturer in the nursery, brings home a baby who isn't sleeping well, Jonas takes him into his bedroom at night and shares the happy memories with him. This soothes the baby, but is strictly forbidden, of course. Jonas and the Giver begin talking about leaving the community in order to give the people back the memories of past times, good and bad. It will be traumatic for them, but The Giver will be there to guide them. When Jonas's father announces the baby is going to be ""released"", Jonas, who has seen what ""releasing"" really is, refuses to leave the baby to that fate.This story is one that will truly rock your world. With so many dystopias swirling around out there, it is hard to imagine one that could sweep you off your feet as easily as this one. Nevertheless, this classic bested me. It makes the reader question their wants, their desires, their hopes. It keeps the reader on their toes and examines what is really important in life. Do we need a life free of pain and suffering? Or will that lead to the loss of all this beautiful, wonderful, and sublime as well. Do we need to experience pain in order to truly know love and happiness when we have it?This book is a must read for anyone who hasn't read it already. Recently a coworker said she was using it in her middle school Lit class, and I was thrilled! (eerily she told me about using it in her classroom the very same day I finished reading it!) To hand this story over to students, especially in a student-driven setting, means opening the door to struggling readers who can't get enough of a story. This will be that story- it will have them questioning everything they have ever known, and then some. And isn't that why we read anyway? To question ourselves, our worlds, what we know, what we think we want to know, and so much more? Don't be afraid to give this story to your children or students- like my grade school friend, they will never forget it!"
"First rating: 3 stars (but depends) - If the book was written for the 5th to 6th grade reading level (as many have pointed out that it was for a class assignment), the book did a good job, given today's school system. I remember reading things by Audobon and Shakespeare between 3rd and 5th grade back in nineteen-forgotten. I hope it was the intent of the author to target this demographic as an audience. Otherwise, I would have found the short, simplistic sentences difficult to read and formulate an accurate picture of the scenes.Second rating: 1 star for technical accuracy. The book talks about things like leveling the hills and climate control but as Jonas journeys outside of the community, he never notices anything that would have been responsible. ... For example, in the end, he encounters hills and snow but no environmental barriers to keep such climate from drifting into the community. There is also very little information about how the giver has the ability to transfer memories or why he has none after giving them to Jonas yet knows enough to discuss them with Jonas on how to deal with them.Third rating: 2 and a half stars. I give the author the benefit of the doubt here in that it was written several years ago, however, the following items were still issues then but were not addressed in the book. First, given that the community is so 'plain' and non-emotional, the game using weapons would have been foreign and more than likely forbidden. Such 'violence' would have long been eradicated from the community. ... Similiarly, the community seems to have each family unit containing one each male and one each female parent unit along with one each male and one each female child units. ... Given the community and it's 'advances' in just about everything and how such 'parents' were chosen, there should be no reason to not have two men or two women parental units. Especially since sex doesn't seem to be necessary for procreation within the community. ... Also, since everything is supposed to comply with 'sameness' would not the idea of Lily wearing ribbons in her hair because she is a girl be counter to such sterility? ... Should not all the child units wear the same hair style since they all wear the same clothing style and shades of gray?Forth rating: 4 1/2 stars. This is for having the foresight to see where our current society is headed! One cannot offend anyone else or be made to publicly appologize and all the rest robotically response in acceptance! The treatment of the old, infirm, children who don't measure up (even by a couple of ounces)! Ones who question authority too much. Etc.I do have some questions though and will probably have more as time goes on. - Does their technology have some sort of cloaking device that would prevent people from 'elsewhere' from being curious? if all the hills were made level, what holds the river in place? Have they never wondered about where the river flows to and from?Finally, there are many who rated the book a single star. From reading their other comments, I would say that they did so because it points out the type of society they themselves want for us and don't like the prospect of being in a culture where any remaining individuality has been either bred or legislated out.The book reminded me of the movie 'Serenity' where in the end, we find that a very violent race was created by removing such traits from others. Those remaining lost so much of themselves that they lost the very will to live and just laid down to die where they stood.As Capt. Kirk told Spocks half brother ""I need my pain!"" ... It is indeed what gives us our humanity."
"The Giver is a fantastic read! Although the main character, Jonas, is transitioning from 12 years of age to 13, the book is wonderful throughout all the young adult ages--middle school is when I had my first encounter with The Giver. The book does not have anything that can be seen as too violent or sexual for middle school students. I reread The Giver for a college course, and I gained a greater understanding and love for the book doing so. One of the themes is perfect for young adults: finding one's individuality. Jonas is different from the rest of the community is many ways, so a young adult will gravitate towards Jonas because many young adults feel they are unlike the people around them.  Medication is mention moderately as an unnatural thing, which can reflect the growing number of young adults who are being put on medication (for ADD/ADHD), or to make the young adults rethink pill-popping to get high. Another, more sophisticated theme is about free will.  All of the citizens are give rolls and rules which they must follow. They must abide by these rules without fail, even if that includes euthanizing the old or unruly babies. The Giver says, ""They know nothing,"" meaning the citizens have no power to moderate themselves because they are products of what others tell them to think and do. Totalitarianism is what the community is portraying.  1984, another book I thoroughly enjoyed, is similar to The Giver because in both books there is no sex or love allowed; the setting is futuristic; the main character is a rebel; and the citizens are always monitored through speakers , cameras, or people keeping tabs on them. If you enjoyed 1984 chances are you will enjoy The Giver as well.  What I noticed while reading The Giver is that I appreciated many of the freedoms that I have but the citizens of Jonas' community do not have, especially how I can see in color while the citizens of Jonas' community cannot. Ending are always important for me, and The Giver really delivers. There are a few ways the end can be interpreted which lets the reader decide the desired outcome, or if you don't like to decide, let it be a small mystery."
"As with ""The Hunger Game Series,"" my thirteen year old grandson, Jonathan, had read ""The Giver"" and recommended I read it. My daughter also read the book, and Jonathan told me his mother and he could not agree on the ending.  This piqued my interest so I bought ""The Giver"" to read. I enjoyed reading it, but can see why Jonathan and his mother disagreed about the ending. The village where Jonas, the main character, grows up is in the future. The people in it are highly controlled and it is a vanilla world where psychologically expressions of strong emotions have been eliminated. There is no love, hate, anger, or depression, and hunger and disease have been eradicated.  It is a asexual world where birth mothers are chosen to have babies. Each family unit is allowed two children, a boy and a girl. Husband and wives are assigned to each other based upon personality and intelligence as well as your life's occupation. A ruling body of twelve elders sets the rules and controls the population. There are surrounding villages, but the people have little contact with them. Older people and new babies (if multiple births such as twins) are released. Only one family is different in the community, and that is the Receiver-Giver family who are identified by their light (blue) eyes. They are the family from which  the current Receiver is chosen. This individual is the most important person in the village since he remembers what the world was like when their ancestors experienced war, famine, disease, and crises.  Jonas is chosen by the retiring Receiver who is now old. I would recommend buying this book to learn what Jonas does once he receives the memories and what action he takes. Lowry does not explain everything, thus what has occurred and what is going to occur remains a mystery.  The reader is left to develop his own scenario(s)."
"I really liked this book, and the pacing of the book was very fascinating. The first half of the book seemed almost entirely like build up, and then the resolution came in the second half of the book.This book is set in a futuristic society that's a mix betweenBrave New Worldand1984. The society is completely controlled, but they live in self contained ""communities"" of about 2500 people, that are vigorously regulated. For example, only 50 babies are allowed to be born into the community at any one year. My guess is that this takes place around the year 2500 - 3000, but technology has stagnated because of these self contained communities, so technologically they're still stuck in the 1980s.The book is classified as science fiction, but the only science fiction element is that Jonas gets a call to be a ""Receiver,"" and he also ends up being a ""Giver,"" which means that he can receive old memories and give old memories. In this book, the whole community has rejected emotion and memories, but the problem with that is that you can't get rid of emotion and memories. They have to go somewhere. So, the community decided to make a job called Receiver, which contains all of the emotion and memories in a single person, to protect everyone else from these emotions. This makes the job of the Receiver really frustrating, because he or she can't share the emotions or memories with anybody, besides the previous Receiver who has to die after just a year of training.It's the first of a four-part series, but it stands alone well as a single book. I highly recommend it.Pros:+Very tight, well put together story+Fascinating and thought provoking. I'm going to be thinking about this book for months to come.+A very fun, quick read+If you read it as a family, it gives a lot of interesting topics for discussionCons:-A little slow at first"
"This has been a powerful book for me ever since I first read it in the sixth grade.  Something resonated from then and I return to it over and over.  In fact, I credit it with developing my love of dystopian fiction in general.  And while this book has its flaws, it's so much a part of my love of books that I simply don't care.Jonas is an eleven year old living in his community.  He has an assigned family unit and the coming December marks his transition to a twelve year old.  This is the year that his job assignment happen and he learns his role in the community.  However, the unexpected happens when he is chosen to be the new Receiver for his community, a role that is only granted to one person and the previous Receiver is growing old.  It isn't until his training though that Jonas learns what this job actually entails.  He is the receiver of memory, good and bad, and the only holder of true feelings besides his mentor the Giver, in a world that has chosen sameness over choice and life.Jonas is pretty compliant.  He was designed to be that way from his birth to his training at home.  But his experiences with the Giver make him grow and he slowly drifts away from obedience to wanting something better for a community that doesn't want the same thing.  The Giver too is a wise but pitiable figure as he has all this knowledge and wisdom and can't really share it with anyone.  He has to suffer alone.  The other characters are two-dimensional, as they are supposed to be.  They have so long been brainwashed and chemically controlled that they are arguably not true humans, but more like robots. And their reactions to each other are so superficial that it's painful to read.The theme is definitely dystopian.  So much so because Jonas does live in the perfect world.  No war, no bullies, everyone is polite; but there is no true life.  There is no art or music or all the wonderful things that we take for granted in this world.  That the quest for perfection and easiness has a high price to pay, and people shouldn't get complacent.  And the ending, without giving too much away I do want to comment on it.  It gives you a choice, and it's interesting too what people think of the ending and why.  I tend to choose the more tragic route.  The only thing I could really want more from this book is detail about Jonah's society.  There is so much about its past and its everyday workings that I would have loved to understand.This is definitely a book that will make you think. It will always remain on my shelf and is one that I take with me on long travels.  There's a plethora of feelings that come from reading it.The GiverCopyright 1993180 pagesReview by M. Reynard 2012"
"Imagine you lived in a world without any pain and fear. Everything occurred like clockwork and everyone seemed happy and that you knew no different, this seems like a perfect society.  Welcome to the world of The Giver. I have loved this book since I was first exposed to it in college and it has been my favorite ever since. Why? I guess it is the innocence of the parties involved and the way they come to terms with new knowledge as their eyes are opened to their world around them. I also like the fact as I read the book over and over again; I always find something new or find deeper meaning in the book.Every year, the children in this utopian society get awarded a special gift until their 12th birthday. On their 12th birthday, the children receive their Assignments. These Assignments are their jobs which the Elders have decided for them and which the children will be trained in and will do for the rest of their lives. Jonas has been elected to be The Giver and this highly prized job is not something Jonas planned on being and he does not know what is all involved in this occupation as this job is not highly talked about.  Jonas has some advantages to being The Giver but struggles with some of the other issues of being in this position. Why was Jonas chosen for such a tasking assignment?  The current Giver must pass onto Jonas all these memories as he is aging and these memories must be transferred to someone within the society.  These memories include wonderful times but they also include pain and suffering which take a toll on Jonas.  What Jonas does with the memories is unprecedented and what Jonas learns in his new position, has Jonas thinking about his life in hometown differently.I can't say enough about this book.  The characters are so real and the story moves so quickly, it is never a dull moment. This book is for readers in 5th grade or higher because of some of its subject matter"
"Jonas, an eleven-almost-twelve-year-old boy lives in the Community with his father, mother, and younger sister Lily.  It is a planned utopian society governed by Sameness, with no war, fear, or pain, but also no choices.  The weather is perfectly controlled, no hills exist, no live animals are seen, and there is even no color or music.  At age twelve, all people are assigned their roles in the community.  The old, young children who do not thrive, and even those who rebel are ""released.""  Jonas is singled out to receive special training from the Receiver, who alone holds the memories of the true pain and pleasure of life and now becomes ""the Giver,"" so that Jonas can be trained as the new Receiver.  Jonas's father is a nurturer and the family has been caring for a newborn named Gabriel who is not thriving, so the decision is eventually made that the infant will be released.  Now that he has received the truth, how will Jonas react when he learns what it really means to be released?  And what will he do?  The Giver is well-written and quite interesting to read.  However, to be truthful, I really did not care for it.  And I think that my reaction basically involves the issue of age-appropriateness.  The book is said to be written on an age nine to eleven reading level and is usually listed as being for age twelve and above, so it was apparently aimed at middle-grade students.  However, I noticed that the Random House edition which I read is found in their ""Teens"" section, and others have recommended it basically for upper grades.  There may be some value in the book for high school students to consider the consequences of a controlled society where people give up freedom for safety.  However, there are certain aspects of the story--the infanticide, the euthanasia, and some rather oblique sexual references--which I think are just too heavy and thus are not appropriate for younger readers.Also, the ending is rather odd.  Whether it is happy or not I guess all depends on the eye of the beholder.  Is The Giver a horrific book?  Not necessarily, although it has some things horrible to contemplate in it.  Is it a useful book?  Perhaps, under certain circumstances.  Is it a good book?  Each person will have to make up his or her own mind on that question.  I do agree with the assessment that it is ""For mature audiences, as there is an episode of euthanasia.  The story questions values we take for granted.  Caution, and probably pre-reading recommended.""  There are three ""companion"" novels--Gathering Blue, Messenger, and now Son."
"The area of literature for young adults is spread thinly. It's the one area in publishing where there is never a glut of material in the slush pile. Perhaps this is the cause of so few classic brilliant books in this genre: Heidi, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz"", ""The Borrowers"", A Wrinkle In Time"" and ""Things Unseen"". The mark of excellent adolescent literature is that it is equally brilliant when read by a fifty year old; that the characters are well defined and sympathetic and that the theme of the book si clear and universal. Lois Lowry is famous now for her best seller ""The Giver"" and the final installment of this quadrilogy, ""Son"" is just released. To remind everyone of ""the Giver"" is most apt. The community in which our central character has grown up in is much like what Karl Marx envisioned in ""The Communist Manifesto"". Lowry calls it Sameness, not equality and like REAL communism, regardless of what appears on paper it's an impossible dream. With the Soviet Union it was about human greed and power. With the community where Jonas lives with his family unit it's about the lack of extreme feelings. In order to eliminate the pain and sadness they had to eliminate exuberance and love. The book reaches the halfway point and we learn that Jonas is to be the next ""Receiver"" for the community: the keeper of historic memories. And he is trained by an old man who is now called ""The Giver."" Jonas see's that there are some serious flaws in their way of life and he is forced to make a choice of massive consequence. The books is so well crafted, not a single word or moment is waste3d, whether it is a snow sled that later becomes highly critical or the ominous casual method of residents who must be released. The relationships that occur in the book shift as Jonas grows and receives more memories and suddenly he finds that what has been ""real"" his entire life is not at all true. What then is truth? To begin with, Lowry has found a brilliant way to try to teach our young that joy and pain are partners in life and that both carry lessons with them. So much literature, both adult and children, tries to teach this lesson, from Frost's ""The Road Not Taken"" to Camus' ""The Stranger"". The truth is that these books and poems (and films and theatre works and songs) are more effective for those who have already learned the lessons of life. And the only way to learn them is to live life. We cannot deny our youth the right to learn these lessons as we did. This is what the community from ""The Giver"" has denied the population the greatest meaning of life: that which is learned by life and not from a book. Depending upon your age and your place on life's journey, the book will provide you with many shocks and surprises. Certainly for the young the shocking moments will take their breath. Some may call it science fiction- after all, the first half of the book is reminiscent of the planet on which IT lives in Madeleine L'Engle's ""a Wrinkle In Time"" except the control is more subtle. Halfway through the book we shift to something that William Styron may have written, and the setting becomes nothing more than a backdrop for a very human story. This is a must read. And it is a must lend. This book is taught in many Middle Schools, having pushed ""Huckleberry Finn"" and ""The Lottery"" aside. As parents you must make sure you read the books your children are reading because you want to experience what they are experiencing; you want to be able to discuss the hard issues that they will bring up; you have to add to their reading lists so that ""Huck Finn"" and ""The Lottery"" remain on their reading list. And you must add to your own reading list. Start with ""The Giver."""
"""It's the choosing that's important, isn't it?""Jonas lives in a world of ""Sameness"" with his Mother, his Father, and his younger sister, Lily. It's a world governed by rules, by rigid structure, by conformity. Jonas enjoys his life--until he is selected to be The Receiver. His job? To receive the memories from The Giver of the past. And what the past unveils shows a drastically different world than Jonas lives in.This week is Banned Books Week, and in honor, I selected this from the ALA Banned Book List. Some of the reasons included euthanasia, sexual awakening, and infantcide.Another reason I chose this book is I love dystopias, and with the modern crop of iffy dystopias for Young Adults, I thought I would return to the roots, to see one of the first (if not the first) Young Adult Dystopia novels.In short, this book is brilliant. The dystopia works, the characters are great, the writing is excellent, and I was genuinely moved.A lot of recent dystopias seem to have their world-building constructed like a house of cards: one little sneeze, and the entire thing falls in your lap. With the exception of the giving and receiving of memories (Is Jonas genetically modified to be able to give and receive? Is this science? Magic? How does this happen?), the world building is consistent, realistic, and understandable. People have been stripped of choices; they live in a sanitized ""safe"" world where no conflict exists. Families are created based on strict algorithms; people are assigned their jobs, their spouses, their children. The only books are those based on the rules of the society. People must be precise in their language; you don't just toss around the word ""love"" anymore.What I thought was most amazing was how polite everyone was. To eradicate conflict, everyone was trained to immediately apologize for sins and to accept apologies. Debate, discord, arguments--all of these never occurred because there was no outlet. I felt sad about this, particularly because my hobby is reviewing, and if there is one thing I've learned while reviewing, it's that everyone has a different opinion about everything. But in this society, such things as a difference of opinion would never have been cultivated or encouraged; we would never have debate; we would never argue and learn to be social. Instead, we would be silenced.The characters were great. I really got close to Jonas, and there were at least twice when I was nearly moved to tears after something happened to him. I was astonished at how quickly and easily I great attached to him; it's truly a gifted author who can write her protagonist so well that the reader is so close to him after so short a time. Other characters, such as The Giver, Mother, Father, Lily, Asher, Fiona, may not have been the highlight, but they were well-established. Asher's clumsiness with words, Lily's impetuousness, Father's nurturing (very interesting, as it is so often the woman is pigeon-holed into this role!), Mother's rationality--they hint at each being an individual, straining to be free in a Same society.The writing is obviously for a younger reader, probably about middle grade. While I don't typically read middle grade books, I felt I was still able to enjoy it, that it wasn't too ""dumbed down"".As for why it is banned....poppycock! I think this is a perfect book for a middle-schooler/early high school student. While I might agree that a parent should be on standby for some scenes (just in case questions or discussion topics arise), I think this book is a great gateway into a better understanding of our world and the things we hold important. What better way to show a burgeoning young man or woman how valuable choice and love and the beauty of nature around us than to show a world that doesn't have any of that. What a better way to show kids to be engaged in everything around us, that life is precious, that emotions, good and bad, are important and healthy.""The Giver"" may not be the first dystopian novel nor the last, but it's still an important work that can teach everyone something new. If things like loving your family, the horrors of killing someone because they aren't ""useful"", and the gift of choice and the beauty of nature are things we don't want in our society, then sure, this book should remain banned. Personally, I WANT to love, I WANT choice, I WANT to see beauty. I think the banning of this book is the highest form of irony; I know if I ever have kids, that I won't be banning it from them.Brought to you by:*C.S. Light*"
"The Giver is a relatively short book, at least now that I'm adult.  When I was in middle school, the two hundred-odd pages probably would have given me a little more reason to gulp.  It wasn't assigned reading at the school I went to (probably because it wasn't published until the year I graduated high school), and despite its classification as science fiction, despite the fact (or maybe because of it) that it was a Newbery Medal winner, the picture of an old man and trees on the front cover were sufficient to keep me from ever picking it up in the past.It's really not science fiction.  It takes place in the future, but so did 1984, Fahrenheit 451, and A Clockwork Orange relative to when they were written.  We need a subgenre for dystopian fiction, not because I demand you get your peanut butter out of my chocolate, but because there's quite a lot of it and it really deserves attention as its own thing (as you can tell from the titles dropped in the previous sentence.  The Giver is a story set in a world in which a citizen government has completely ordered every aspect of daily life.  Children don't have birthdays; they all graduate to a new age together, abandoning the elements of their childhood their age group has outgrown and taking on new responsibilities as a class.  Adults are coupled together by a selection committee, and 1-year old children raised in a nurturing hospital are given to them to raise.  Instincts toward joy and love are tamped down, and negative feelings carefully protected against.  Even concepts as simple as colors and uphill have been weeded out.  The story follows a child whose assigned career path is to experience everything the society has left behind - pleasure and pain - in order to advise the society when dealing with things their atrophied emotional life leaves them unprepared for.What's Good: I thought the story was surprisingly sophisticated.  It's been pointed out to me (and perhaps rightly so) that to a middle-schooler the story would perhaps be more blatantly black-and-white, that the moral choices would be clear to the reader and this dystopian society would, in fact, be obviously dystopian. But the author was clearly an adult, and I believe this is the kind of book one would expect to stick in a young reader's head and mature with them. I think that unlike the above-mentioned dystopias, it's not actually clear that the world is dystopic. People are happy. Yes, there is no ""love"".  There isn't joy, and there isn't art. Some ugly little truths (like death) are swept under the rug.  But the tradeoff against depression, against heartache, poverty and famine, a life of fear, a life of continual disillusionment is deliberate, and (at least at some point) consciously made, and successfully made.  The way the society is presented, there really is no underbelly seedier than whatever they abandoned in the past.  There are no clear answers, and that's unusual for a dystopian novel, and especially unusual for young adult.What's Bad: Off-hand, not much.  There are some questions about how some things in the book would actually work (like memory transfer through touch), but they're conceits, not just poor world-building.  The characters are rich and varied, despite the constraints their society puts on them, and the book isn't long enough for this ""dystopia of boring"" to drag.  I can't say I actually enjoyed the book, but it -is- dystopian, after all.The Takeaway: I recommend it!  Even if I didn't really like it, it's good!  It's not spoon-feeding the reader a self-soothing opinion; it actually promotes thought. (Plus, it's short, and usually cheap because it's on school reading lists, so you don't have too much of an excuse.) Read it!"
"Review: The Giver by Lois Lowry (The Giver #1) *Spoilers*The Giver by Lois LowryEdition: Kindle, number 1 in a quartet.Genre: Dystopian YA.Appearance: The cover gives an average amount of clues before beginning the book, however, upon completion it makes a great deal more sense. It is neither fantastic or dreadful, it is an average compelling book cover that speaks of a haggard looking old man and the torn promise of a forest, escape maybe?Characters: The book has one protagonist, Jonas, though the readers really do get a feel for the other characters in the book as it goes along. I don't want to include spoilers, but there were certain moments when I became very angry at a character, or relieved to find out one was safe.Setting: Placed in a Dystopian styled village, the book takes place for 3/4 of the book in a closed in community that exudes `sameness'. It is a far cry from contemporary society, where people willingly allow themselves to not feel and everything from their clothes, to their food or jobs is regulated for the strength of the community. I sense something anthropological here, as the culture and community is priority and the individual and their relationships are not relevant what so ever. Very imaginative, considering this came out in 1993 before the Dystopian Wave rode through literature. Kind of reminiscent to Matched.The Meat: The Meat: The Giver is a YA novel and this aspect becomes obvious in the book's writing style and plot as it progresses from a young man, Jonas, going from accepting and blind to the climax where he charters a great escape. I think that's a spoiler. OopsIt is stereotypical in its pace, yet that does make it dull. Rather the book is sort of exciting, the type of read that one can complete in a solid afternoon of reading. Only 197 pages in length, it seemed a bit short actually as I would have liked to have more clues as to the world that the protagonist, Jonas, lives in. In fact, that is my biggest pet peeve in the book! There were so few descriptions of their world, it gave the image of a perfect suburbia. Fine- I get it, everyone is a step-ford wife. However, later on Jonas starts to `see beyond' and we later on find out that it is because he was starting to see the color red. Hold up- wait a minute, no where is it described that people couldn't see colour, or know certain words. Maybe this is my own ignorance, I don't dispute that, but I would have liked some clues as to the `different-ness' of their world in the beginning, so that I could have avoided my frantic flip to the front of the novel (thinking I had missed something). Oh well.It was an OK read, it was in moderation, satisfying, but it wasn't very WOW. I am intrigued enough to continue the second book in the series.Have you read The Giver? What do you think? All in all I'll award The Giver with 3- Page- Turns.See ya,BWB (original boo reviews)[...]"
"This books starts out in a setting that appears to be fairly communist society.  In other words, what one chooses to do with their life is mapped out for them by the ""Chief Elders."" (Our government/lawmakers).Training starts at the year of 12.  Each ceremony to the age of twelve is fairly unique.  However, after years of careful examination-through each youth's volunteer work, community affairs, and schooling, the Chief Elders can decide the suitable role deemed fit for the individual ""12"".This is rather a dystopian society.  Family units apply for children. There is no color or emotion.  However, there is the Reciever of Memory who is an exception to the rules.  They appointed a new Reciever of Memory-Jonas.  He sees color, expresses love, and various other emotions. The Giver (the current receiver) through touch gives Jonas his memories, and some are painful.  One of those memories, that is not given to Jonas, is one that he sees his father perform.  His father's role in the community is ""Nurturer."" they take care of the ""new child"" (infants). In a video, that Jonas is allowed to watch with the Giver, he sees his father ""release"" (put to death) a twin infant because he is the lesser of the weight of the two. However, the community, aside from Jonas and the receiver are ignorant of any feelings, and know nothing of what they are doing as harm, but just doing as instructed.Together, the Giver, and Jonas devise a plan, that will help to shed a little light on the community of their ignorance, by releasing the years worth of memories Jonas has received from the Giver back onto the community.  However, to do that, he must escape the communities borders, and travel to ""Elsewhere"" outside the community limits.  Instead of merely Jonas going though, he had to carry extra weight when he learned that his father was going to hand over a one year old restless child back over to the nurturing center to be released. After a year, the nurturing center deemed the new child unfit for a family unit, hence the reason for their decision.This obstacle of carrying a toddler along for his journey makes for an adventure.  I read this material because it is one of my 12 year olds summer reads, and I enjoyed it.  Read it to see how Jonas and the new child, Gabriel make out in the end.  Good Read."
"I first read this book back in middle school. So, I decided to revisit this classic tale now that I have more appreciation for literature than my pre-teen self.At first the writing seemed overly simple, lacking in any deep descriptive detail, but as I read, I found how well it seemed to fit with the tone and the story overall. The tale is told from the perspective of a young boy in a highly controlled society where even emotions are kept under tight wraps. All that changes when he is chosen to be the next Receiver, keeper of the society's memories. Things start to unfold gradually, then a little more rapidly as time goes on. The boy learns that the world used to be different, and how people gave up many things, like pain and emotions and feelings of attachment, in order not to feel that way anymore, if everything is the same, then no one would have to suffer anymore. A sort of play on the famous saying, 'It's better to have love and lost...', except this society truly believes it's better to have never loved at all.I believe the themes in this book are pretty poignant, even in this day. How much are we willing to give up in order to feel safe and protected? Our rights? Our families? Even our humanity? Jonas slowly starts to realize this as the tale progresses and he learns dark secrets about the family and home that he grew up with, delightfully ignorant to all that is around him. I loved his curiosity to find out more, to experience even the memories that were painful.Overall, this book is not an exciting read. There aren't many action scenes. But it is an enjoyable one, one I was glad I revisited now that I am older, and I would like to believe, somewhat wiser. However, I was a little disappointed by the ending. There was so much build up, so many questions that begged to be answered, but sadly they weren't. Where did Jonas go? Is the rest of the world like the society he lived in? There were so many. Instead, we are left with a slight hope and a town that somehow reminded me of the Christmas town from Nightmare Before Christmas..."
"Before there was The Hunger Games, or the world of new Young Adult genre selections we often see today with beautiful and appealing covers that enthralls our imagination and tends to our emotions, there was The Giver. It has been a book of its own caliber. One that tends to the human spirit and intellect with a sophisticated approach to society and the individual. If you read this book in childhood, it will stay with you for the rest of your life. If you read this book in adulthood, it will blow your whole view of life wide open.As one of the Newbery Medal Award winners for the most oustanding contribution to children's literature, the author deserves some mention. Lois Lowry is absolutely one of those writers of simple genius, a seemingly effortless genius. This is what she says about the book (from Random House Website).""I will say that the whole concept of memory is one that interests me a great deal. I'm not sure why that is, but I've always been fascinated by the thought of what memory is and what it does and how it works and what we learn from it. And so I think probably that interest of my own and that particular subject was the origin, one of many, of The Giver.""A seemingly utopian society for the purpose of the greater good. Every year is significantly structured to promote the appropriate and standardized growth of each child. At the age of twelve, all children are given their 'adult' places/careers/duties in society. They are taught that questioning and having existential wonderings are 'stirrings,' and should be treated by the use of pills. Their lives are built around the concept of conformation. Conform or be 'appealed.' Mostly everything becomes an automatic and possibly even meaningless gesture.This book is about Jonas's journey through this society. All events in the book matter, and every page is significant to the transformation of the story. At twelve, Jonas is chosen with the responsibility of being the new Receiver of Memory. How does one bear the burden of memory of the whole human experience? The agony of war. Disease. Loss and pain. Even the heights of human existence: human acheivement, freedom, music, color, and the power of love. He, alone, keeps these memories on behalf of his community. He isn't to share them with a single person. The reason being that no-one, supposedly, wants to experience the whole range of human emotion. Additionally, this limitation on the society as a whole means that if people cannot remember things then they cannot remember the pain that comes with life as well, holding people in ignorant bliss.The ending felt much like being vaguely abandoned. There is a sense of ambiguity about the ending when you get to it. The Giver is the first in the series of three book, the second being Gathering Blue and the third being The Messenger. Just with any series, the placement of such a vaguely placed ending probably is meant to lead us into the next books in the series for us to find out more. Here is a word from the author about the end, for she knows best why that was accomplished in that way, and it will probably put things into perspective for you, the read, as to how to approach the end the way Lois Lowry might have intended it.""Many kids want a more specific ending to The Giver. Some write, or ask me when they see me, to spell it out exactly. And I don't do that. And the reason is because The Giver is many things to many different people. People bring to it their own complicated sense of beliefs and hopes and dreams and fears and all of that. So I don't want to put my own feelings into it, my own beliefs, and ruin that for people who create their own endings in their minds.""I have my own personal relationship to this book, and it has become a strong part of me. It's made its mark on me. It's truly one of those book you have to read in your lifetime. I absolutely loved it. I will be coming back to it throughout life, it's just one of those timeless books for both children and adults."
"I first read this book in 1995 when I was a 15 year old high school freshman. It was required reading for my English class, and while I've always been an avid reader, I HATED the stuff they made us read in class. 'The Giver' however, proved to be different. I blew threw the entire book in two days, WELL ahead of the allotted reading time. I have never, in 14 years, forgotten this book. Sure, many of the finer points of the story faded away with time, as well as character names, and descriptions, but the gist of the story always stayed with me.I decided it was finally time to re-read this, and  I gotta say, it was just as powerful the second time around. I read this in one sitting as it was impossible to put down. I didn't realize just how much of the story I'd forgotten, so I'm very glad I finally got around to re-reading it. I'm going to start 'Gathering Blue' this evening, followed by 'Messenger', two books I have not previously read. I have high expectations for them, but am almost certain they won't hold a candle to 'The Giver'.I absolutely recommend this book to kids and adults alike. It's such an unforgettable story, and you better believe that when my son's old enough, I'm going have him read this. I tried to think just what it is about this story that makes it so gripping, and for me, I thinks it's the unknown, for both you and the main character Jonas. Jonas doesn't know exactly what transpires to make his community run as smoothly as it does, yet neither does the reader since this is a society that is alien to us. Unlike most books that take place in the present or past, we kind of know the ins and outs of the community the book is set in, but with 'The Giver', we're in the dark, just like Jonas. Everything he learns and feels is almost new to us as well...make sense? Ah, well, I tried! Overall, a GREAT book...PLEASE don't miss out on it."
"The Giver is a classic! This was one of the first books that I was able to just fly through without putting it down or wanting to stop. Lois Lowery creates a utopian society in which the goal is create and sustain what they call ""sameness"". The society has Elders in which dictate how the citizens should live their lives, for example, they can't choose their spouses, they can't choose their own jobs, and there are a number of rules that they must memorize, live by, and when not obeyed 3 times, they are ""Released"". A boy that is coming of age, Jonas, discusses all the events that he remembers and is worried about for the upcoming Ceremony of Age as he turns Twelve. At this age, they receive their jobs for training and Jonas receives the job as The Receiver, who holds all the memories of the past generations and time before sameness. He learns from The Giver who is the old receiver of all the things that used to be, including that of emotions/feelings. He finds out that the pill that everyone takes in the community is a pill that helps suppress emotions like love to help contribute to the goal of perfection. This soon however creates a problem for Jonas and also finds out that the Ceremony of Release is that of murder; so therefore he and the baby his family took in flee to go beyond. The author shows this in an increasing intensity showing the extent of the human instinct of survival! Overall, this book allows the reader to come up with how the community led to their idea/goal of ""sameness"". Also, the ending isn't concrete allowing the reader to think further of what was going to happen! Also, it showed how the human race isn't designed for perfection and our society works the way it currently is, allowing emotions, because, without emotion, there is no happiness.  By: Paige Wittmer"
"The Giver ""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry is a great book and is well deserving of the Newbery medal. The giver is a one of a kind book. Lowry has created a unique world that people will not forget. This book is a success. In my estimation anyone would like this book regardless of maturity and aptitude level. Before I started I didn't think I would like the book but once I started reading I really got into the story. How do you picture a perfect world? Reading this book will give you a whole new perspective. I have never read a book in which the setting was more important to the story than The Giver. All though none of us have ever lived in a world the slightest bit similar to the setting in the book from the way Lowry precisely and specifically describes it you feel like you are right there. In this perfect world there is no pain or fear and you always feel secure. Everyone lives in ""Sameness"", there is no color, no different weather, and the ground is always flat. Everyone in the town is assigned a job. You don't get to pick who you marry and the only people that can have children are birthmothers. You are given children if you apply for one and the council of elders thinks you would be good parents. If you get a child you don't even get to pick what its name will be that is also decided by elders. There are virtually no choices and no worries. Without this special world it would be an average book at best. When the book starts out Jonas and the rest of his age group are preparing for the ceremony of twelve where they will receive the assignment that they will have until they are too old to work. When the day of the ceremony comes Jonas is both nervous and excited but when it is his turn to receive his assignment he is skipped over and they go on to the next person. Jonas didn't why and sat there in shame. Finally, after everyone else received their job the chief elder calls Jonas up to the stage. She tells him he has been selected to be the receiver of memory and will be trained by the Giver. It is the most honorable and dangerous job in the community. Jonas had no idea what was in store for him.In the beginning Jonas is an oblivious eleven year old boy but as the book goes on he transforms into a very wise thirteen year old. He is a difficult character to relate to. There are times, such as when he gets annoyed with his father for calling him ""Jonas-Bonus"", that you can relate to. But one thing you can't relate to is that until he became the receiver of memory he had never lied in his life. That's what all the children are taught so that's what they do. Overall Jonas is likeable but not my favorite character. Liking him of disliking him had no effect on how I felt about the book. Most of the time you believe that Jonas will succeed and that he will be a great receiver of memory. But sometimes it seems like he will fail because he feels pain and contemplates quitting.On a scale of one to ten I would give this book a nine. Whether the Giver sounds like a book you would enjoy or not I would recommend that you read it. If you want to know what happens to Jonas and if he will succeed you will just have to read the book and find out."
"Name: Audriana SantoyaPeriod:2The Giver  The book, ""The Giver,"" is a very interesting and highly descriptive book. The author that wrote the book goes into very detailed events. The book takes place in a small town where people keep their lives simple. They have one big ceremony for the birthdays. For every age celebrated they are given one present to represent how mature they are or should be. At age seven of what they call the group of sevens, they receive a new jacket with buttons to represent themselves a s pre-independence to others and themselves. At the ceremony of twelve's, each child is given a specific job that h as been chosen by the head chief. The head chief goes around town with her assistants and spend many minutes examining each child would be good at according to their potential.  Jacob, the main character was given the job to be a Giver, the most respected people of all and the most highly important job in the community. As the head chief was awarding Jacob she had also brought up that soon will come pain and hurt which everybody expected Jacob to know because they didn't. Jacob was given an envelope and was told to arrive at a certain place first thing the next morning. The envelope that Jacob had received was one paper with a list of rules that were to be followed or optional. The one rule that he did not want to follow was the one that said he had the right to lie. Jacob was always use to telling the truth as well as the rest of the community. As soon as the morning rose, The Giver started to training Jacob right away. The Giver had told Jacob that he would be known as, ""The Receiver,"" until he was given all memories and all power. The Giver would have Jacob lie down and close his eyes as the Giver sensitively stroked his hand along the back of Jacob and began giving happy memories like snow to Jacob. After a while of training, The Giver felt like Jacob was ready to become the new Giver, he had told Jacob to use his powers to leave the community as fast as possible without saying goodbye to anybody. This was because the community had to learn how to take control by themselves and learn more painful and confusing things sense they always relied on The Giver. So Jacob and a baby named Gabriel headed for another community. Jacob used his heating memories to keep Gabriel warm. Soon they arrived safely at the community."
"I kept hearing good things about this book so I finally picked it up and read it over Christmas break.  Being a kids/young adult book, it was a fairly fast read.  Still, because of the depth created in the world of the book, I tried to slow down my reading and take it all in.The overall plot of the book felt fairly familiar after having read other 'futuristic' or 'alternate humanity' books.  My most recent memory was to _City of Ember_ which I read earlier this year.  In both books, there's an isolated Community with rather specific rules and regulations as well as a sort of lottery process that specifies a future career for children once they reach a certain age.  Stepping beyond that plot device, the two books diverge greatly...with Ember dwelling largely on the mystery and adventure of escaping the city and Giver concentrating more on what is lost and missing in such a community (granted, Ember still contained the same theme and I thought a lot about if, but it wasn't as overt).The writing style was easy to follow and the story line was concise and interesting.  Through the first many chapters, I grew close to the main character, Jonas, and enjoyed his perspective and his thought processes.Once he received his assignment as the next Receiver, many new revelations came to light.  Up until he met the Giver I wasn't entirely sure of the direction the book would take.  I still wasn't entirely sure where it would go, but the message and intent became more clear.It was interesting to me some of the things I didn't realize were missing in the book prior to meeting the Giver.  Once Jonas meets and begins his training with the Giver, he becomes more ""awake"" to the state of the world and more aware of his surroundings.  Naturally, his descriptions become more vivid.  Looking back at earlier sections of the novel, I wasn't aware of some of the simple adjectives that were missing from the descriptions.  I must have just chalked it up to the simple writing of a younger book...but now that I know better, I attribute it to the artful direction of a talented author using his writing style to propel his message.I really enjoyed this book and look forward to picking up more books by Lowry.  My biggest complaint is with the ending of the book.  Don't get me wrong...I don't mind ""sad"" or even ""ambiguous"" endings.  In fact, my wife will tell you how much I love depressing stories.  What I felt was lacking from this book was more sense of closure.I don't want to spoil the ending, but be warned that this paragraph may allude to elements, so skip it if you like.  I didn't mind not knowing the exact nature of the lights Jonas saw at the end.  I can be hopeful that they indicate a positive ending, but even if they are elements of a sad ending, that's alright.What was missing for me was closure as to the results of his final actions.  What happened in the community?  I realize that Lowry probably didn't want to spell things out exactly because he wants to leave a sort of ""call to action"" for the reader.  Still, I wanted a few pages about what happened in the community...whether or not Jonas' theories were valid...even if the book ended before a resolution happened.  I wanted to know whether or not Jonas' actions were valid and justified or whether they were ineffective and futile.  I wanted to see some hope of change for the community rather than leaving it completely nebulous.OK, now that I've added sufficient ambiguity to all those who haven't read it, I hope you'll take my call to action and go read it yourself.  It's a fairly short book with quick reading and a thoughtful message.****4 stars"
"The GiverAuthor: Lois Lowry.Publisher: Laurel LeafReprinted: September 10, 2002Fry Readability: mid to late 9th grade.Number of pages: 192Genre: Utopian fictionSynopsis:This novel chronicles the workings of a utopian society.  This community centers around duty, responsibility, correctness of speech, and courtesy to others.  At the age of 11, each child must take his or her place as adults within the community. On the day of the Ceremony of 11, Jonas gets assigned the mysterious and highly respected position as The Receiver of memories.  His training centers around receiving the unremembered memories of the world. Joy, pain, love, depression, and loss pass to Jonas through The Giver of memories.  These new experiences give Jonas a new range of emotions and appreciation for life. At the same time, it begins to distance him from his family unit and isolates him from the rest of the community.  He realizes the atrocities the community commits on a day to day basis to preserve sameness and to prevent the community from feeling. He begins to plan, with the help of The Giver, to release the memories to his community and allow them to look at life in all its rich colors, its devastating pain, and its overwhelming joy.Negative aspects of book:This book has a couple of disturbing moments centering around ""being released"" or the euthanization of those who cannot conform to sameness (the elderly, the sick, twins).  My students found these parts difficult to read and even more difficult to understand. However, it did make for an interesting conversation about what a utopian society would be like and where conformity can lead a society.  While I don't believe there are negative aspects of this book, these touchy areas should be approached with sensitivity and caution.  At the same time, the issues that Lowry raises within real societies is unmistakably important for students to study and consider.  We used some of the more disturbing areas in the book as a spring board for some incredible discussion.  We even re-examined our own society in light of Lowry's critique.My personal appraisal of book:This book was interesting to me as a junior high student and even more interesting to me as a teacher of junior high students.  It is a classic that holds readers and thinkers to a high standard. Parts of it may be hard to read for students with a lower reading level without teacher support (sentence structure and vocabulary might prove an obstacle to understanding).  However, the story itself interested each student more and more the deeper we dug into the story.  It is thought provoking while its characters are endearing, and its community is intriguing.  It shows that without being taught, there is kindness, courage, love, and choices in a colorless, unvarying world."
"The GiverLowery, LoisPublished by Laurel Leaf (2002)Reading Level: 6.5192 PagesYouth Science FictionI remember reading The Giver for the first time as an emerging adolescent. For the first time I can remember, a novel challenged me to do more than just imagine. This powerful novel (to the my delight) forced me to consider and evaluate the circumstances and situations the author describes. Lois Lowry weaves together a provocative narrative that challenges our assumptions about the desirability of a utopian world, and explores the dark underside that so often accompanies flawed human attempts at manufacturing perfection. The story is less about Jonas, a 12-year old boy who is designated to become the receiver of memories, than it is about the twisted modern utopia he inhabits.The story is set in a world without extremes. There is no pain, no suffering, and no poverty, but at the same time, no joy, no meaning, and no love. The cost of ridding the world of its ills is sacrificing many of its greatest virtues.  By introducing the reader into the sterile world Jonas is born into, and accompanying him as he breaks through personal and societal barriers, Lowry invites her audience to consider controversial issues about freedom of choice, the nature of authentic experiences, the conditions of righteous rebellion, the intrinsic value of human life, and the price of a painless existence.Jonas's experience reminds us of the simple joys we tend to take for granted in our world, full of endless variation, possibility, challenge, and choice. In the (literally) black and white world that Jonas inhabits, experiencing everything from the fundamental concepts of color and hunger to simple pleasures and pains like sledding and sunburns leaves Jonas profoundly changed. The way Jonas grows and matures through learning about his environment reminds the reader of how important it is to seek out new knowledge to better understand our world and ourselves.Despite the striking differences between the modern world and the society Jonas is born into, many of the decisions that Jonas grapples with upon discovering the true nature of his utopian existence are similar to those every teenager and adult must make as he or she matures to gain wisdom, and with it, responsibility. It is almost painful to watch Jonas, at a mere 12 years of age, carry the enormous burden of remembering (and experiencing) the imperfections and wonders of the past alone. Jonas's journey, beginning with his passage into adulthood with the Ceremony of Twelve, and culminating with his decision to flee the only world he has ever known (to what end, we will never know...), reveals the incredible range of emotions we all know well as the human experience."
"The GiverLowery, LoisPublished by Laurel Leaf (2002)Reading Level: 6.5192 PagesYouth Science Fiction In this captivating story, a young boy named Jonas struggles to come to terms with his own specialness, his community's secrets, and the full range of human experience.  Jonas lives in a community where everything is carefully planned and carefully controlled.  There is no suffering or discomfort, but likewise no joy and little individuality.  Children are assigned to families, mates are chosen by a committee of elders, and the weather is always comfortable. The people's lives proceed in a course prescribed by the community's elders, marked by routine, ritual and procedure.  With the passage of one such ritual, The Ceremony of Twelve, the youth of the community are assigned to a profession.  As his friends begin preparing for their new adult roles in the community, Jonas embarks on an altogether different journey. Jonas has always known himself to be a bit different from his peers, and at his Ceremony of Twelve, he is chosen as the Receiver of Memories. As such, he is charged with holding all of the human memories passed from previous generations, so that the others in the community might be shielded from them.  And so- bit by bit- Jonas begins to receive these memories from the pervious Receiver, an old man now know as the Giver.  With these memories comes a whole range of emotions, good and bad, and wisdom well beyond his years.  Armed with these insights, and the access granted to him as the Receiver, Jonas begins to see his community in a whole new way. This book is a wonderful read for young people or adults. It dramatically addresses the issues with which adolescents are already familiar: feeling deeply, leaving childhood behind, and questioning the rules of their upbringing.  It challenges the mind to consider issues of conformity and rebellion, and the infinite pros and cons of the human condition.  The reader must wrestle with the questions like ""is the absence of unpleasantness really happiness?"", ""is getting rid of sadness and pain worth it if it means giving up things like love and creativity?"", and ""how far will people go to preserve harmony and avoid unpleasantness?"".  These questions challenge and extend young minds, but may be a bit complex for young readers.  Additionally, the mood and subject matter of the book are quite dark at times, and may be upsetting to some.  Overall, however, this is an intellectually and emotionally engaging book that I found hard to put down!"
"The Giver -1. Publisher: Houghton Mifflin Co. (1993)2. Author: Lois Lowry3. Reading Level: Young Adults (Ages 11-15)4. Number of Pages: 1925. Genre: Science Fiction / FantasyLois Lowry's The Giver is written from the point of view of Jonas, an 11-year-old boy who lives in a perfect yet artificial community. There is no pain, no poverty, no fear, no war and no hatred. This society has also eliminated choice.Jonas has an unusual power of perception. Sometimes he perceives flashes of color, whereas for everyone else, there is no color. He also has instances where he sees objects change shapes. This foreshadows Jonas's assignment at the Ceremony of Twelve. Jonas' life changes the day he turns twelve. He is apprehensive about the upcoming Ceremony of Twelve, when he will be given his assignment as an adult member of society. The Committee of Elders tells Jonas that he has been chosen to be the Receiver. The Receiver is the sole keeper of the community's memory. Someone must keep the memories of pain, war, emotion, etc. so that the community can avoid mistakes that were made in the past. Jonas receives these memories from the current receiver, a wise old man who tells Jonas to call him Giver.Soon Jonas learns The Giver will transmit all of the past memories of the world to him, and his life will be difficult and lonely. He was no longer able to participate in family and community activities, and was no longer able to spend time with his friends. Jonas soon realizes that the world he knew is a lie. He asks permission to view a releasing ceremony and witnesses his father murder a baby boy by injecting him with a drug. His father ""discards"" the young boy into a garbage, because the boy constantly cried, unlike the ""normal"" newborns. After Jonas receives good and bad memories, he is deeply troubled and changed. He is not forbidden to share any of his training experiences with the community.Understanding for the first time that life is far better being aware of the memories of the past and being able to choose, the Giver helps Jonas develop an escape plan from the community. Jonas escapes and the book ends. Lowry wants the reader to create the ending to this thought-provoking chapter book.There are some negative aspects of this book. The people in the community are not allowed to feel. They only have one point of view - what they are taught by the elders. Also, the releasing ceremony is criminal and disturbing.In this book, young readers are asked to think about life without the ability to choose, where everyone is the same, where there is no religion. It is a provocative book that allows its readers to bring their own beliefs to find the symbolism. I recommend this well-written book be read in a school setting. After reading this book, readers can see what life could be like without diversity, and it makes readers appreciate the freedom we have to make our own choices."
"Title: The GiverAuthor: Lois LowryNumber of pages: 192Level:  6th-8th grade reading levelGenre:  Science FictionSynopsis of Plot:  Jonas is a young boy, turning twelve at the beginning of the story.  He has grown up in a fictional community where there is no crime, violence, poverty, or ""memories"" of the past.  He has only know this eutopia, where there is only happiness, feelings are constantly shared, and everything is very well organized and planned out.  There are very strict rules that guide daily life in the community.  Every member of the community follows the same life plan, where no one chooses a husband or wife.  Rather, couples are matched up, children are chosen to go to certain homes after being born by ""birth mothers,"" and each home is only allowed two children for population control.  There are no choices to be made, but Jonas soon finds out that he will be faced with one as he turns twelve, a very important age in the community.  At age twelve, every child is given a job that they will hold for the rest of their lives.  Jonas receives the most important job in the community: Receiver of Memories.  He is given memories and knowledge of the world as we know it now, by an Elder in the community called ""The Giver.""  Jonas learns of pain, of war, of weather, freedom, animals, color, family, and all of the things he has grown up not knowing.  He realizes that choices can be made, and that life doesn't have to follow this dull, empty-of-joy pattern.Negative Aspects:  The only negative aspects I have seen after reading this book many times, is that there are some dark sides to the book that some children may not be able to understand.  For example, euthanizing and infant may be difficult for some children to understand, and also the scene where war-fare is described.  The only other negative aspect that I could see, is that though the book is fictional, there are many aspects of the book that go unexplained.  The community lives in this ""ideal,"" world, but no one ever explains how they got to where they are, with no memories, or color, or what happened to the rest of the world before ""sameness.""My Rating:  I give The Giver 4 stars personally.  I have read the book numerous times, as well as having read it to my class.  The book is a quick read, and never felt boring.  It really gave students insight to what the world would be like without family, choices, pain, or joy.  It was interesting, and brought up a lot of great discussions in class.  It presented many ideas that I had never thought of before.  The only reason that I didn't give it 5 stars, is the same reason I stated before.  The book is fictional, but still needs to provide some type of explanation of how the community that Jonas grew up in, came to be.  This would help readers to fully understand the history behind the book, and understand the choices that the people in the community had made.Overall, I would recommend this book for most middle-school students who are able to read at this level.  It's an interesting book that really challenges the thought of what a community is, individual thinking, and how rules can affect everyday life"
"The Giver by Lois Lowry a children's SF for 8-12 year olds written in 1993 is part of a loose set trilogy set in the same imagined world but not necessarily with the same characters. It deals with a world where your life is one of conformity and happiness. The short novel honestly faces why a society such as this would arise with its benefits and essential failure explored. The core of that failure is that...grief is the price you pay for love. Without sadness, can love and laughter really exist?We discover a community of unlimited happiness and good manners set in a green and pleasant paradise of high but largely hidden technology. In this world, only 50 children per community are born from genetically approved placements in birth mothers. Regulations define your clothes, toys and your role in society from your first year. From eight you have to volunteer for a range of community duties so that your life long occupation from twelve can start. We join Jonas as the ceremony for 12's is near for the allotment of his calling.  Much to his and the communities shock he is not allotted a job but is selected to be the Receiver. In learning what this is, he discovers the hidden pain and dark side of unlimited happiness. This sets off a chain of events as Jonas discovers what being released really means. He faces what growing up means,  and consequences whose meaning you have to decide.The book has over 3000 ratings on Amazon.com alone so we are talking popular and critical success (it won the Newbury Medal- the USA children's literature award). Even so, it is banned in several USA State's School and Library systems because of the dark emotional issues dealt with. If you or your children have not read it then you have missed a classic. But if you have read it then you know why it's enjoyable and highly recommended!"
"This book is about a boy, named Jonas who lives in what seems to be like a special community that is protected from everything. At first, it is a bit difficult to understand the rules of the community because they are not displayed early on for the reader. However, they are learned throughout the entire book. The rules of the family consist of: you cannot lie, each family must eat at the same time, they must tell about their dreams and fellings, and there are no secrets. Every child in the community experiences the same thing, and even receive the same gift for their birthdays. It is not until age nine that they can even ride a bicycle. However, age 12 is the most important brithday. This is when the children are assigned their job or duty within the community. The protagonist, Jonas, is given the most important job of the Receiver. He is allowed to lie, have secrets, and may not tell anyone what occurs at his job. The Giver is Jonas' trainer for his job, and he receives many things from the Giver. He is told he will learn about rain, snow, fire, the sun, and another world. The first memory he recieves is of snow, where he is sledding. The next memory is pain, while he is sledding he goes over ice, falls off his sled, and hurts his leg. At this point in the story it is explained that every time someone gets hurt, they receive a pill, and they don't receive pain. Jonas is the only one in the community who can feel pain. At the beginning of the book Jonas' father (who is the Nurturer), brings home a baby named Gabriel. Jonas realizes that him Gabriel are the only two in the community with Hazel eyes. Everyone else has dark eyes. Later, Jonas also notices that the Giver also has Hazel eyes. He puts all of this information together, and knows that Gabriel will be the next Receiver. One night, when Gabriel is crying Jonas accidentally gives him a memory. Throughout the book Jonas is faced with hardships. He is traumatized when he realizes that his father actually kills babies that don't belong in the community. THis transformation, and growth in his character makes him begin to think about leaving. His last memory that is given to him is the memor of the outside world. Jonas decides to try and find the place, and leaves one night with Gabriel in  search of it. In the end, Jonas and Gabriel die of starvation and freezing temperatures. All of the aspects of this book are very dramatic and shocking for readers. It is a fantasy story, but could also be classified as a science fiction novel. Due to the content of the book, and the depth at which it can be analyzed it would be more appropriate for Juniour High or High School students. Children in this age range will be more able to think about the book and its true meaning about social norms. Classroom debates about having a sheltered community could be held with these students. The novel presents these topics in a very shattering way which draws in readers, and sparks motivation. However, a concern would be the emotional readiness of the reader to tackle a book that speaks out against things that are different from our society. One example is that, in the novel children are not nurtured by their parents while they are infants. They are nurtured by the Nurturers in the community, and then assigned to a family. This is a concept  that may be too abstract for a younger audience. This book could be tied into any type of skill development while teaching reading. These skills included questioning, prediction, and of course the idea of forming opinions as readers. I na Social Studies class when introducing classroom debates, this story could be shared to illustrate a different culure, and teams could be formed to support various reader opinions on some of the themes in the book. It is a high quality book, that while it uses simple language it messages are brought with very descriptive words  that help readers picture what is going on  throughout the story."
"When author Lois Lowry regularly visited her parents in a nursing home, she noticed that her father was physically well but his memory was going, while her mother's memory was good but her body was failing.According to a 2004 interview with the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, this gave her the inspiration for her Newbery Award-winning novel, The Giver: ""I began to think a lot about the concept of memory. When it was time for me to begin a new book, I began to create in my mind a place and a group of people who had somehow found the capacity to control memory.""Jonas lives in a utopian society where rules, discipline, politeness, similarity, and daily medication rule the day. The only time that differences are celebrated is during the Ceremony of 12: when twelve-year-old children are assigned their careers, based on meticulous observation of how they spend their volunteer hours.While his peers are given jobs like working with the elderly, and Assistant Director of Recreation, Jonas is selected to be the community's next Receiver of Memory. Training him is the current Receiver, whose task is to pass on all the community's ""memories"" to Jonas -- thus turning the Receiver into The Giver.It is during this long series of scenes that Lowry really gets her point across, as Jonas learns more about his fellow residents that anyone but other Receivers has ever known, and he slowly discovers just to what lengths his community has gone to get the result it desired.There is much more to the story, but describing it here would take away from the experience of reading this wonderful novel that has become a sort of Brave New World for modern readers. Lowry's ability to choose exactly the right word is not surprising for a story that considers a lack of ""language precision"" to be worthy of punishment. The way she reveals piece by piece the myriad things that this ""perfect"" community is lacking, making for a level of suspense that rivals an Alfred Hitchcock film, is nothing less than astonishing."
"Lois Lowry really took on very profound subject matter to write about, especially to make it YA fiction.  I applaud her for it.  This novel was rather good because it makes the young reader stop and self-examine.  I will spare you a summary of the book.  You can find that in many other reviews.I like that this novel's audience is supposed to be 8-14.  I think that children at this age are capable of handling the difficult subject matter and should be exposed to books that can really challenge them.  When it comes to the severity of the material (particularly chapter 19), it's just a drastic point to convey to the reader:  If we live in a world without feeling nor true emotion and are bound by unquestioning rigidity, we are capable of doing ANYTHING without heart nor conscience.  As a mother I can understand why a parent would be hesitant to expose a child to the material, but as a book lover, I wouldn't keep this book away from them.  When it comes to the ""sci-fi"" realm of this novel, I found that there were alot of unanswered questions regarding the society and the world they live in (I often feel this way when I read sci-fi though) so I didn't find it a feasible community.  She uses ""genetic testing"" alot to explain why things are the way they are, and I found that an easy excuse to not have to tie up loose ends or answer any questions .  Not very creative.  It's impossible to imagine a society could be created this way successfully.  As for the subject of the whole novel, I felt that her point was rather, er, subjective.  She says that a world without feeling isn't worth living at all.  Now is it, really?  Of course someone who has experienced joys (from the most simple to the most complex) in their life would agree.  What about someone who's had a miserable life?  I'm sure they would rather live in a bland, rigid, yet reliable world than deal with pain and misery.  That's how Rosemary dealt with it.  She'd rather not live than deal with pain and suffering; in fact, it trumped the joys she experienced.  But if we're going to speak generally, of course the cliche ""It's better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all."" would fare well.As for the ambiguous ending, I do not enjoy these.  I think it's a lazy way of coming off as profound."
"SynopsisThe Giver is a captivating story that takes place in the future in a perfect society -no pain, no crime, no unhappiness, no sickness.  Jonas, the main character, is eleven years old at the beginning of the novel.  He is ""apprehensive"" for the Ceremony of Twelve.  This is when Jonas will receive his assignment that will be a significant factor for the remainder of his life. Jonas is stunned to find out that he was selected to become the new Receiver.  He is given private training from the Giver, who holds the memories of what past.  These memories include color, cold and snow, war, and family life of the past.  Once the Giver transmits these memories to Jonas, they belong to him.  Overtime, Jonas comes to understand and detest the perfect world he lives in. Together, the Giver and Jonas come up with a plan to change how their community works.  However, before they carry it out, Jonas is forced to make a frightful decision.EvaluationThe Giver is a thought-provoking book about a fictional futuristic society.  This book is told from a third-person-limited point of view. The fast-pace chapters and clever writing make this remarkable book a page turner.  The characters are three-dimensional and their actions are surprising and at times frightening. Lowry does an excellent job in portraying the themes of ""balancing the values of freedom and security"" (Flowers, 1993). In this world of ""sameness"" there is no differentiation of human rights and choices of freedom. Everything is controlled from family units, jobs, and emotions.  The cliffhanger ending leaves readers wondering and questioning what really happens to Jonas. After reading this book students ages 9 through 12 will have a greater appreciation of the freedom of choice which they have and the importance of having the opportunity to learn from the knowledge of the past. There is much controversy and criticism of this book and its themes. Some possible concerns are that there are mild sexual references and a scene where Jonas witnesses his father euthanizing a baby by injecting it with a needle in the head.  Although The Giver won the Newbery Medal in 1994 and is used in many middle schools, it does appear on many banned book lists. If you enjoy this book don't miss out on Lowry's Gathering Blue (2000) and Messenger (2004), two other books set in this same futuristic setting.ReferencesFlowers, A. (1993). The Giver. Horn Book Magazine, 69(4), 458-458."
"The book, The Giver, by Lois Lowry, is a great book that is similar to the series of Hardy Boys books, by Franklin W. Dixon. One similarity is that both books are mysteries and full of adventure. Both authors use similar types and styles of writing. If you like the Hardy Boys series of books, odds are you will also enjoy the book The Giver. In The Giver, the main character, Jonas, goes on an adventure to solve a mystery. In the Hardy Boys series, the main characters, Frank and Joe, also go on adventures to solve mysteries. Another similarity is that both of the main characters are young and follow in the footsteps of somebody older than them. Jonas is only 12 years old, and he follows in The Giver's footsteps. Frank and Joe are a bit older, but are still very young. Frank and Joe are 17 and 18 years old, and they follow in their Dad's footsteps. The Giver and Frank and Joe's father are both very famous within their community, and play an important role in the books. Another similarity between these two books is the author's style of writing. Both Franklin W. Dixon and Lois Lowry use a lot of detail in their writing. An example of detail in Lowry's writing is when Jonas first experiences sledding. ""Comprehending all of those things as he sped downward, he was free to enjoy the breathless glee that overwhelmed him: The speed, the clear cold air, the total silence, the feeling of balance and excitement and peace. Then, as the angle of incline lessened, as the mound- the hill- flattened, nearing the bottom, the sled's forward motion slowed. The snow was piled now around it, and he pushed with his body, moving it forward, not wanting the exhilaration ride to end."" Page 82. In this section, Lois Lowry is using a lot of detail to describe the hill, the speed, and the snow. In the Hardy Boys series, Franklin W. Dixon also uses a descriptive, suspenseful and detailed style of writing.  One example of this is seen in The Tower Treasure, when Franklin W. Dixon starts out his book by writing, ""Frank and Joe Hardy clutched the grips of their motorcycles and started in horror at the oncoming car.  It was careening from side to side on the narrow road.  `He'll hit us!  We'd better climb this hillside- and fast!'  Frank exclaimed, as the boys brought their motorcycles to a screeching halt and leaped off.  `On the double!'  Joe cried out as they started up the steep embankment.  To their amazement, the reckless driver suddenly pulled his car hard to the right and turned into a side rode on two wheels.  The boys expected the car to turn over, but it held the dusty ground and sped off out of sight.""  Page 1 of The Tower Treasure. Although these two books have many similarities, they also have significant differences.  The Hardy Boys series does not have a deep philosophical meaning. The Hardy Boys series is a much lower level of reading.  The Giver, is written on a higher level with greater philosophical meaning, leaving you with concepts to think about. The two books, The Giver, and the Hardy Boys series of books are similar in many ways.  The author's of these books use lots of description and detail in their writing.  These writers also use a very similar style.  The characters are similar, and the plots are similar.  If you like the Hardy Boy series of books, odds are you will like The Giver, and odds are that if you like The Giver, you will enjoy the Hardy Boys series books."
"The Giver: Utopia  The faultless society, is there such thing? Lois Lowery, the author of The Giver wrote a work of fiction with the scheme of Utopia wrapped around it. In The Giver, young male named Jonas is living life the same way as everyone else is. Eat, work, learn, eat sleep; no feelings, no worries, no stress. It is noticed to be ""perfect"". The opinions that could be spoken about the layers upon layers in this novel are endless. The ""hue-less shades"" and everything that they do on a day-to-day basis is somewhat of a work of art. But should it in reality be called perfect?  Sameness, equivalence, and egalitarianism, some of the topics articulated throughout the novel are a disaster waiting to happen. The understanding came to Jonas that the way they live really isn't fair. It isn't fair that the people cannot sense, distinguish color, and, just be happy. Everyone is to be the same, do the same thing, and look the same. All age groups have the same hair ribbon; all males wear the same tunic. Everyone is to use the same proper manners. Break the rules three times and you are considered nothing so they release you; they kill you. But if you are normal, but look the same as someone else, they want to kill you as well. Perfect, huh? But, I guess they are right, how awkward would that be, right? How hard would life be to have that superfluous person that looks the same as some other guy? However, they practice sameness.  So, is sameness really what everyone wants, or will it just drive people mad?  The slightly confusing yet powerful novel was greatly thought out. Every flip of the page sends excitement up my spine with a new juicy detail. Though the people in the community may be boring, this book is constantly active. The topic of Utopia is just one of the many in the book. It is a must read for anyone who would like a good interesting novel to past time by."
"Jonas, the main character of The Giver, lives in a strange, ""utopian"" community of the future. Here, no one makes their own decisions - the Committee of Elders chooses everything from jobs to family members for the people, and the rule book sets forth how all of the people must live their lives. Everything in the community is clean, organized, orderly, safe, and well-planned. There is no crime, no poverty, no competition, and no rudeness. However, this perfect existence comes at a cost. Lois Lowry has written an interesting, exciting, and thought-provoking novel. Although it is categorized in the science fiction genre, I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys a suspenseful story. When the story opens, Jonas is a careful, compliant young man, who is anxiously awaiting the Ceremony of Twelve, at which he will receive his Assignment - the career which will be chosen for him by the Committee of Elders. He lives in a dwelling with the other members of his family unit (a mother, a father, and a younger sister). They have been selected and assigned to each other by the Committee of Elders. Life in this community is very structured. Sameness and Climate Control ensure that each day is well-planned and that there are no surprises. People, including children, who do not fit in are released and sent Elsewhere. Trained Nurturers are responsible for the care and nurturing of the newchildren for the first year of their lives. Trained personnel of the community also care for the elderly members of the community. When their usefulness to the community is over, they, too, are also released and sent Elsewhere. At the Ceremony of Twelve, Jonas is selected for a great honor - he is to be the new Receiver of Memory for the community. He will be trained by the current Receiver, who tells Jonas to call him The Giver. As part of the training, The Giver will transfer to Jonas all of the memories he is now bearing for the whole community. ""Memories are forever,"" The Giver tells Jonas. The Committee of Elders will occasionally seek the advice of The Receiver. He must rely on the memories and experiences to guide the Elders when unexpected things happen in the community. As the new Receiver-in-training, Jonas learns about many things that existed before Sameness and Climate Control. He learns about many feelings, which only The Giver has experienced. He learns of war and hunger - things which are also unknown to the community. It does not take Jonas a long time to he realize that his life will never be ordinary again. He realizes that the great honor he has received is also a great burden. The memories and new experiences cause him to feel frustrated and angry at times with his friends and family. He is upset that they are satisfied with their programmed lives. Jonas tries to make them understand some of the things he has experienced, but he is unsuccessful. Without the memories, they cannot understand. The Giver tells Jonas, ""The worst part of holding the memories is not the pain. It's the loneliness of it. Memories need to be shared."" After almost a year of training, Jonas and The Giver develop a plan to return the memories to the community. In order for the plan to succeed, Jonas will need all of the memories of strength and courage that the Giver can transfer to him. However, something that Jonas never expected happens which affects Gabriel, a newchild who has been living with Jonas' family unit for the past year. Jonas is forced to alter the plan and improvise a new, much riskier one, without The Giver's help. Read The Giver, and you, too, can discover the price that Jonas' community paid to live in a ""perfect"" world, and whether it was worth it. Then, decide for yourself what you would be willing to give up to live in a ""perfect"" world."
"It is a seeming Utopia.  The children are all well mannered.  The adults are content and behave in ways that benefit society.  Everyone knows their place in society and all are content.  It has to be a complete fraud.  This is the world The Giver inhabits.  The society rewards those who emphasize how they are the same as everyone else; differences are not to be discussed.  It would be rude to discuss differences, and there are few differences as it is.Jonas is eleven.  He is soon to turn twelve in The Ceremony of Twelve.  Each December all of the children have a Ceremony graduating them into their next year of life and education and they are granted certain privileges at each step.  In a society of sameness, Jonas is somewhat different.  He is one of the very few with blue eyes and every now and then he sees a flicker of...something...but it doesn't last and he doesn't understand.  At the Ceremony of Twelve all of the new Twelves are appointed their new jobs which they will do for the rest of their lives.  Jonas is set apart even here when he is selected to the Receiver of Memories.  It is the most honored of all occupations and only one person holds the position in the entire community.  It is a great honor.  It is also the event that shows Jonas just how different the Sameness is.Lois Lowry won the Newbery Medal for this book, which is perhaps the highest literary honor for fiction written for children.  The Giver is deserving of this award.  The Giver is written simply and is easy to understand, but there is a real depth to the storytelling and the lesson that Lowry is presenting here.  Lowry has written about a society which has embraced being the same so deeply that any aberrations will be punished (to a greater or lesser extent depending on the violation) and something has been done that the citizens only know a certain amount about themselves and their world.  It is very limited even though everybody believes they are truly happy, and perhaps they are.  But the Sameness comes at a great price: The Receiver is the only individual who truly knows all of what was given up and what the rest of the world holds.  He knows the very good and the very bad that the world has to offer.  It is a crushing weight.  The subtle message as Jonas learns all of this is that it is differences which need to be embraced and should not be something to fear.  Differences are what make life truly interesting and worthwhile.  But there are some out in the world who want to eliminate some differences because it makes them uncomfortable and The Giver is something of an answer to any sort of prejudice and misunderstanding and celebrates those who go out of their comfort zones to really see what differences are.What makes The Giver so remarkable is that it is a novel that works both for adults and for children and is highly readable for both age groups.  Adults can enjoy the book just as much as a child, though perhaps in a different way.  Highly recommended.-Joe Sherry"
"What would it be like to have a life with no color, no true feelings, not even any weather? That's what life is like for Jonas, a pretty content Eleven in his organized community. Anyone can reply for Release, a Spouse, or Children. His family is a family unit, exactly one girl, one boy, and two parents. The family units are not biological; instead, at the Ceremony of the Ones each December, children born by the Birthmothers that year are given to families units chosen by the Elders. Following the Ones are the Twos, Threes, Fours, Fives, and so on. At the Ceremony of the Twelves, each Eleven becomes a Twelve and is appointed a role in the community. And the words are spoken by the Chief Elder, ""Thank you for your childhood.""So when Jonas is skipped, he feels an incredible embarrassment and hangs his head for the rest of the ceremony. However, when the other forty-nine jobs are assigned, the Chief Elder returns to him. ""Jonas has been appointed Receiver,"" she says after talking about his personality. ""Thank you for your childhood, Jonas."" The Receiver is a great honor. Soon Jonas must endure much training as the current Receiver transmits all of the memory of the community to him. Jonas's life takes a sudden turn as he realizes there is a life beyond the orderly one he knows. He learns more secrets than he thought were ever possible. The end of the book brings an unexpected but exciting twist as Jonas' life changes . . . forever.Lois Lowry brings an amazing tale to life before the reader's eyes. Such a flowing story gave me trouble as far as putting it down goes. It is very obvious why this book won the Newbery Award. This book is appropriate for anyone who likes organization around age nine to eleven. An extraordinary book!"
"The GiverBy Lois Lowry Even though The giver is set in the future, lois Lowry makes you feel like you are feeling all the emotions that Jonus is going through. You feel his emotions and have absolutely no idea what will happen to Jonus next. It is a constant mystery. Jonus has been raised to be perfect, Well, like everyone else anyway. From his language to his personality he has to be absolutely precise. No one lies, no one cheats, no one steals, no one has to everyone is the exact same. Jonus has just been selected to do a job that is dangerous, important, and painful. Can he handle the pressure of keeping it all a secret , or will he turn out like the mysterious and dishonored previous recivor. This is tested when he finds the true secret of his community and the lies that everyone has been telling him. This book ties in mystery with human conflict perfectly. This book made me think about our world today? Is it perfect? Are we oblivious like Jonus? Will our world turn out to be like that in the book someday? throught the whole book this Question kept popping up in my mind. The community is so terrible yet so smoothly run. People don't get hurt people get assigned jobs to their ability The reason I love this book is because the human conflict is so strong. Should he confide in others his burden? Keep it a secret? Or help the one that he loves stay alive?  "" Jonas felt a ripping sensation inside himself, the feeling of terrible pain clawing its way forward to emerge in a cry."" There is so much emotion in this book that you feel with Jonus and you feel as though you have known him all your life. This book ties in mystery with human conflict perfectly. The only thing that I disliked about this book is how the author didn't create enough details about the lesson that The Giver gives Jonus. She skims briefly over the topic of Jonus's actual conversations with The giver. I was impossible for me to put this book down. I read it while I ate, talked on the phone and even when I brushed my teeth, It was that suspenseful. I would recommend this book not only to those who like Sci-fi but to readers of varying genres."
"The GiverBy Lois Lowry Even though The giver is set in the future, lois Lowry makes you feel like you are feeling all the emotions that Jonus is going through. You feel his emotions and have absolutely no idea what will happen to Jonus next. It is a constant mystery. Jonus has been raised to be perfect, Well, like everyone else anyway. From his language to his personality he has to be absolutely precise. No one lies, no one cheats, no one steals, no one has to everyone is the exact same. Jonus has just been selected to do a job that is dangerous, important, and painful. Can he handle the pressure of keeping it all a secret , or will he turn out like the mysterious and dishonored previous recivor. This is tested when he finds the true secret of his community and the lies that everyone has been telling him. This book ties in mystery with human conflict perfectly. This book made me think about our world today? Is it perfect? Are we oblivious like Jonus? Will our world turn out to be like that in the book someday? throught the whole book this Question kept popping up in my mind. The community is so terrible yet so smoothly run. People don't get hurt people get assigned jobs to their ability The reason I love this book is because the human conflict is so strong. Should he confide in others his burden? Keep it a secret? Or help the one that he loves stay alive?  "" Jonas felt a ripping sensation inside himself, the feeling of terrible pain clawing its way forward to emerge in a cry."" There is so much emotion in this book that you feel with Jonus and you feel as though you have known him all your life. This book ties in mystery with human conflict perfectly. The only thing that I disliked about this book is how the author didn't create enough details about the lesson that The Giver gives Jonus. She skims briefly over the topic of Jonus's actual conversations with The giver. I was impossible for me to put this book down. I read it while I ate, talked on the phone and even when I brushed my teeth, It was that suspenseful. I would recommend this book not only to those who like Sci-fi but to readers of varying genres."
"I first read this book ten years ago when I was in the seventh grade. I really do not know why I actually read this book because I was not an avid reading back in the day; but, never-the-less, I read it. I remember it being ""a good book."" I remember it being thought-provoking and interesting. Maybe that was just the class discussion.Anyway, ten years later, I read it again. Boy oh boy it was excellent! All the powerful scenes returned to me. I remember the imagery that I saw in my head and the feelings that was deep within myself, even as a seventh grader. Now, with my added maturity and life experiences this book still resonates a provocative story.I remembered the scene with the apple vaguely. I remembered the, dare I say, mind-blowing nature of Jonas (and the reader) learning about this Apple. I remember the memories and learning with Jonas about these foreign ""things"" and when he starts to classify his ""feelings."" Reading this book again was not only a walk down memory lane, but it was also a reminder that superb writing and moving books do not need to be 700 pages long and listed in the ""big kids"" part of the bookstore.In my opinion, one of the best things about this book is the ability to take it at face value. If you want to develop the deeper messages in the book, and apply some possible ethics and lessons to life, you may do so. However, if you would just like to read an interesting story with wonderful imagery and emotion, you may also do so.My version of the book also had discussion questions at the end which I quickly glanced over. These questions were generally pretty good and thought provoking. However, many of them are also obvious so most people would have already thought about them or at least realized there was something deeper within those pages.I find it hard to believe that such a simple book gave me such complex emotions and feelings. What I find harder to believe is that reading it again reminded me that I felt those things ten years ago when I was thirteen years old. I only wish now that I had read more of the required texts in English class."
"The Giver is written by Lois Lowery. This is a story about a boy that finds out that there is more to the world than he thinks.The Giver is about a boy named Jonas and The Giver. They are both interesting because they are the only two people that can go beyond the rules. I like how The Giver thinks, he is always unpredictable. But Jonas always thinks before saying a single word.A lot of different things happen in the book such as Jonas finding out lots of other things that he didn't knowhow to see colours and how it feels to have pain. I learnt that a perfect world is not good. These themes are important because they set out the main story without them there would be no story.The main relations between the characters are Jonas and The Giver and Jonas and Asher. The strongest relation would be between Jonas and The Giver because they spend a lot of time together and Asher is Jonas' best friend. One time Jonas was very unsure that if he should betray everyone and run away but The Giver helped him and told him what he should do.The main part that I like is the part that Jonas finds out that he is the new Receiver OfMemory. When he went threw his special training and got told that he was allowed to do almost anything that was my favourite part. I liked that part because he was allowed to break the rules.The language used in the book is very imaginative. The book creates a picture in your mind and makes your imagination run wild.I think the audience would find it interesting if they like books that show them different types of worlds.I recommend this book for ages 12+. It is a good book full of things we wouldn't ever think about, for almost anyone because it has good words to describe things.By Kushal Kant (SKTG)"
"This book changed my life. I don't mean that in a cheesy Lifetime Movie sort of way, but it made me reexamine reality, psychology, and all those things I take for granted. What must it be like to be unable to feel love? How important is color in my life? Why do we need memories and what would life be like without the strong interpersonal relationships that I've formed with my friends and family? These are very deep and difficult issues that are brought up in ""The Giver,"" which makes it a million steps above so many other books in its age category.When I first read this, I must have been no more than eleven years old. At the time, it was one of the more profound things I'd read and I marvelled at the issues and the symbolism, such as how the emergence of color was used artfully to express the growth of a whole new consciousness and awareness.I am now twenty years old, and I've read it a great number of times since I was eleven. As I've gotten older, I've come to appreciate the anger and confusion faced by Jonas as he tries to deal with these completely foreign ideas. However, I've also come to appreciate the gaping plot holes and unresolved issues, the far too quick ending and the realistic problem of figuring out population decline.These things don't make the book bad, in fact it's still one of the best books I can remember reading. They do, though, make me feel the need to take at least one star off of the rating. As an older and more accomplished writer today, I would like to see Lois Lowry tackle these holes in the constructed society of ""The Giver."" This book is recommended for anyone, however. It's meaty enough for adults to sink thier teeth into it, but it's straightforward enough for younger people to understand the concepts raised."
"The Giver is a book that mentions a lot of issues that are discussed by politicians and leaders everywhere. The book has an interesting perception of the future. It is a world where there is no freedom and very little pain. There is no pleasure and you do not get paid. There is no need for money in this book. You don't get to choose your job or, whom you are married to and almost every thing is decided for you.  The main character is Jonas, an eleven-year-old boy, turning twelve. That is the age when you get your job. Jonas gets the job to hold every memory ever since the dawn of time. This is amazingly descriptive and gripping story that leads you through Jonas's life as the Receiver of the Memory. I personally like the book because of its writing style and the way Lois Lowry pictures the future. She also does a great job of describing every little detail in the book. This book is like science fiction and fantasy combined.  This book is good. I think you should buy it because it has a lot of interesting details and issues. It also has a lot of problems that we should solve but we don't bother to. It shows the importance and value of life and our feelings. It is sad because there are so many things you cant do or don't know how to do. They are not even allowed to read or know about the past. Everything is the same there is no rain or snow or sunshine.  The book has everything that is important and not important. Jonas knows no pain. Then Pow! Wow! Bam! All of a sudden he feels pain. But he also feels goodness and happiness and for the first time ever Love! I think it is kind of sad that there is no love in the community or the world he lives in. Then Jonas decides to run away. Will he succeed and survive or will he die saving a newborn child find out in The Giver?"
"The GiverBy: Lois LowryReviewed By: S. ChangPeriod: 5 The Giver is about a boy named Jonas, who lives in a community that doesn [] let you have choices, with nothing like love, hate, music, color, emotions, weather, fear, and family. Everything is rules, rules, and rules. People live in the same routine, nothing new, no freedom; everything is the same and plain, even the weather. In this community, there is the [] Ceremony of Twelve[], a ceremony that chooses a twelve-year-olds job. Jonas is chosen to be the Receiver of Memory[], the most honored, painful, and rare job. Through this job, he is able to see the memories of the past, which shows him everything he doesnt have in the Community. He learns about emotions, weather, color, and family. Then he finds out what a controlled place he [is] living in.The plot was very interesting and made me attached to the book and is very touching. Although I really enjoyed reading this book, it was too confusing. While I was reading The Giver, my mind became unorganized. It never really gives us an explanation of the Community, as if it assumes that we know about how the Community works, which we don[]t.I didn[]t even know there was no color for the people in the community until I read half of the book. I realized for the first time that the Community didn[]t have color when the Giver said, []Once, back in the time of the memories, everything had a shape and size, the way things still do, but they also had a quality called color.[] I also didn[]t know there wasn[]t weather in the Community until Jonas thought, []Suddenly the perceived the word from it: sunshine[].My favorite part of the book is when Jonas first receives the memory of family and love. It finally gave him emotions, and it made him more like a person. I think the basic emotional needs are love and family. What is the difference from a robot from a human if there is no love and family? In the community, they erased love and family out of their lives, the basic emotions of a person. When Jonas received the memory of love and family, it made me think of Jonas more of a person."
"Jonas is a young, eleven year old boy.  He lives in what is typically referred to as a Utopia.  In this society, everything appears to be perfect and no one has any problems.  Every December, during the ""Ceremonies,"" the ""Children of Twelve"" receive their assignments, or jobs in their community.  Jonas is chosen to be the next ""Receiver of Memory.""  This is the highest position in his community and he must learn everything from ""The Giver,"" who holds all of the world's memories.  Jonas goes through a difficult journey, learning some things that change his life forever.""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry was an enjoyable book and I would recommend it.  It expresses a different type of life, far different from the one we know today.  The community of people in ""The Giver"" do not get to experience life in the way that we do, and it gives more meaning to life.  They do not get to experience all the things that make people who they are, such as love, pain, feelings and emotions.  They cannot even see things in color.  The only person who has all of these abilities is the ""Receiver of Memory.""  This book may seem a little strange at times, but that is what makes it so interesting.  It captivates the reader and brings you into a different world.  This book has a wonderful,  creative storyline that requires one to use their imagination.  It brings you into the book and makes you feel like one of the characters.  It lets you see into the characters frame of mind and allows the reader to visualize what it must be like to live a life of such conformity.I would give this book four stars out of five.  There were some minor things that I was confused about, but otherwise it was an excellent book.  Although it is mostly read by young children, it is a great book for any age.  I would definitely recommend ""The Giver."""
"The Giver is one of those futuristic books that really makes you think about what people would sacrifice for a perfect world - that really isn't perfect.  This is what twelve-year-old Jonas finds out when he is selected to be the Receiver of Memories.  Because it is about one of those perfect, controlling societies, this book reminded me strongly of This Time of Darkness by H.M. Hoover.  Both are futuristic, about children who learn the truth and want to escape.  One of the biggest differences is that in This Time of Darkness, the world doesn't appear as perfect, but the people's lives are just as controlling.  The Giver is even more harsh when it comes to the power of the authorities and the level of humanity taken away for perfectionism.  In this book, children's lives are thought out from day one, where they are assigned to caregivers and named in a ceremony at the end of the year.  They are placed with adoptive parents (and even the parents are chosen for each other), with two children, a male and female, to each ""family unit.""  The children are then observed all through school until the Ceremony of Twelve, when the get their assignments for the rest of their lives.  But there is more hidden.  Abnormal babies and old people are ""released"" to make society better.  Also, if you're a younger reader, I wouldn't read the scene where Jonas finds out about the release of a twin baby.  It's not for those who don't want to be freaked out.  That's why I gave this book four stars.  It's too heavy for younger readers (such as under 7th or 8th grades).  Also, the only ending that can be found to this book is in Gathering Blue, where a reference is made to a pale-eyed boy.  So, if you like futuristic stuff, you'll probably like this, but please don't read it if you don't like the severity of the concepts."
"STORY: As one of the editorial reviews so nicely put: ""In a world with no poverty, no crime, no sickness and no unemployment, and where every family is happy, 12-year-old Jonas is chosen to be the community's Receiver of Memories. Under the tutelage of the Elders and an old man known as the Giver, he discovers the disturbing truth about his Utopian world and struggles against the weight of its hypocrisy. With echoes of Brave New World, in this 1994 Newbery Medal winner, Lowry examines the idea that people might freely choose to give up their humanity in order to create a more stable society. Gradually Jonas learns just how costly this ordered and pain-free society can be, and boldly decides he cannot pay the price.""MY FEEDBACK1) SETTING - The story takes place in a made-up utopian community that seems to exist in Earth's future at some point. The setting really is a huge part in understanding how this community has isolated itself through choices, in order to have the ""utopian"" society they have. It was very interesting and could be imagined thanks the the author's descriptions.2) CHARACTERS - The character's play the parts they are assigned like the people in the community take the job they are assigned by the community leaders. There are no questions or variance from these roles because that is all the character knows. The character of Jonas is the one that breaks this mold and is the focus of the story. As he learns what his society is missing he grows as a character to be liked even though he isn't following the standards of practice that his peers are. His character becomes increasingly gripping especially in the last twenty or so pages of the book when he starts to act on his new found knowledge in response to the contradictions he has been brought up with all twelve years of his life.3) STORY - At first I was reading this as the authors viewpoint of what a Utopian society ""should"" be: Euthanasia, abortion, clothing is a bother, be in touch with your personal self, pills to control sexual desires, controlled and numbered births and marriages each year, etc. Then I came to realize that the society the author creates is not necessary her viewpoint but simply the concept created by the architects of that particular community. Each community is a bit different depending on who configured them. But all in all, in order to live in a place without poverty, starvation and crime there are some major things each and every community gives up. This is the crux of the story and what really drives the climax and conclusion.OVERALL - I picked this book up because I heard that a famous scriptwriter was contracted to do the screenplay for this book. It is an easy read and less than 200 pages. The story leaves you thinking about it hours later. I could not read the last ten pages fast enough!! The story just built up to this phenomenal climax and conclusion that had me ripping through the book to the next page because I had to find out what happens. I got this book at the library and now I have to own it so I can read it at least five more times."
This was an amazing book!  The story is like nothing I've ever read before.  The writing makes you feel like you are literally right there.  I didn't want it to end!  I'm on Amazon right now ordering more books from Lois Lowry.  I don't know how I'd lived this long and never heard of this author before.
"Although I like suspense and thrills, this book left me with too many questions and really left me unsatisfied.  They never really focused on one thing or went into description on what I thought were some very important  issues.  It is ""The Truman Show"" and ""Pleasantville""  combined."
"This book was recommended to me by my 5th grade granddaughter.  We had a wonderful discussion after I read it about the story.  Very thought provoking and, I think, would help someone identify some beliefs in life and the hereafter.  Think it should be followed up with discussion for young readers."
"This book is about a teenage kid living in the far future in a manufactured ""community"".  Everybody's day is entirely planned out.  The kid is chosen to be the next ""receiver of memories"",  which is the person who holds all the memories of the past.  I highly  recomend this book"
"I loved the book - would recommend it to many people, but I was surprised that it didn't really have an ending.  I guess the author wanted to leave it open ended, but that left me a bit unsatisfied.  I'm looking forward to the movie, which I'm sure will give me the satisfaction I'm looking for. :)"
"A beautifully crafted Children's story for the whole family, In an effort to protect the population a society takes drastic measures such as isolation, extreme social control, including euthanasia. The heroic effort of a child who dares to be different takes us through an extraordinary adventure."
I've been looking for this book forever. I first read it as a small kid & had forgotten the name. It's a story of a seemingly perfect society but something amazing & deeply disturbing is behind it. A science fiction story in its own right. That will leave you feeling more than you might want to.
"After a good beginning where Lowry starts fleshing out the society, revealing the many intriguing little facets of the utopian dystopia, she runs out of steam. The narrative starts to lose coherence and becomes increasingly simplistic...  ending with a whimper.It really is too bad."
"The Giver is an amazing book, especially if you love fantasy books.  It can be a little bit hard to follow sometimes, though, but usually if you read the section over you can get it.  I only understood it when I read it  again in 6th grade(I read it for the first time in 4th grade).  Try it!"
"I felt that the Giver was a good book that showed kids the importance of emotions and their historical backround.  I enjoyed the easy reading of Lowry's novel because I was never lost in it.  It was also cool that the book took place in some ""other"" world that isn't like ours."
"We are from a senior high school (Gymnasium) in Germany and read ""The Giver"" in our English lessons. We had to do mind maps, reviews, presentations and so on. All in all it was a time with a lot of work to do, but although with a lot of fun.The society we find in the book seems ideal. Everyone has a job for which he or she is suited emotionally, physically and mentally. The elderly are lovingly cared for. Every family has a mother, father, and two children, one of each sex. There is much laughter and joy. There is no rudeness, no crime and no disease.We see it all through the eyes of Jonas, a young boy about to receive his life's assignment along with others of his age group. To his surprise he is given the most respected job of all. He is to be trained to become the ""Receiver of Memory"". You see, in the society Lowry has created for us, the people don't want to be stressed with memories. However, they also don't want to make decisions or changes which, in the past, have led to disaster so they have assigned one person to keep all the memories of history, their own and that of all societies.The Receiver's job is to listen to their plans and just tell them whether or not they should do it based on the lessons of history. The present Receiver now sets about giving the memories- all of them - to Jonas. He does so through all of the senses. Jonas learns about war and hate, about snow and trees and colours. All of which are not present in this society. He also learns of the horror all around him. This novel is not difficult to read.I liked reading the book, it was not hard for me and I knew nearly all vocabulary. On the one hand it was not the kind of book I would read in my free time, but on the other hand I enjoyed reading it. The book showed us to keep individualism and not to build a perfect state, so the book is also transferable to our society. -Felix-I have to say that I don't like most science fiction books. It's only that I like this work although it is a science fiction and fantasy book. I liked the way Lois Lowry described the community. At first you think the community is perfect and you may want to live there, but then you see the disadvantages of this way of live that is what makes the book interesting.  -Katja-"
"How would living in a flawless world of sameness feel like? In Jonas's mind it is a perfect place. No pain. No secrets. No war. It is just as if living a dream. Everyone has a role in the community and is placed in training at the age of twelve. Each year prior to twelve, there are ceremonies. For example, at the age of nine, the child receives their first bicycle. Then at age seven and eight, sweaters are given to teach the child how to put it on and eventually how to button it. Every one of these gifts is meant to teach proper life skills for the future. Well, it is time for Jonas's twelve ceremony. Everyone is excited to see the jobs chosen for each child. As he stands nervously awaiting the announcement of his name, the announcer mysteriously skips his name and moves on to the next. Come to find out, he is chosen for the most difficult and rarest job in the community, to be the next Giver. So, later he begins his training. Jonas works with the Giver and finds out about what the world was like in the past. The Giver tells him that nobody has feelings or emotions, that the only one who can hold the memories and pain of the entire community is Jonas. By transmitting the memories to Jonas, he experiences life like no other. At first it is true pleasure feeling the warmth of the sun melting over head. Then the brutal bloody scenes of war approached. Jonas starts to see that sameness is not good. His friends don't understand why he acts out against them when playing a game of war. They're curious about what is happening to him and his odd behavior. When it is just too much for the Giver and him to take, they devise a plan. Will Jonas make it out of the sameness community? Or will they track him down and have him punished? The Giver is probably a science fiction combination futuristic novel. This book has a very good sense of creativity and suspense. The only weakness is the ending. It does not imply much about what is to happen next. Lois Lowry's writing style is phenomenal because of the excellent detailing work and all around eagerness. I would recommend this novel to ages 12+ only because of the vocabulary and understanding of it."
"Life-long care.  A highly structured, advanced society where everyone has a role and no one has a need to rebel.  That is the environs into which Jonas is born.  Every year of his life, in the life of any inhabitant of this unnamed city, there is an assigned role with accompanying tasks, an obligatory training to prepare for the twelfth year in which a person receives her or his life's profession.In such an idyllic location it is interesting to note that those who are assigned to give birth are looked down upon; after two years of giving life to babes who will be subsequently assigned to parents who are allowed only one boy and one girl, the woman is assigned to various other chores.  She is a lifegiving machine who maintains the population of the community but her ensuing role is that of some type of common laborer.  No rewards for this profession!There are those who do the cooking and deliver meals to all of the inhabitants, those who clean up after the food has been ingested and trays left outside the home, those who are teachers, those who are nurturers, those who are caregivers to the elderly and those who are assigned legal tasks.  The penalty for non-compliance, or non-conformity, is ""release"".  By itself the word is innocuous enough.  What it actually means, is hazy.  Finally, at some point in time the elderly must be released and the decision is made for them.Big Brother is always watching and reminders are issued via an intercom.  Faults and mis-steps seem to be gently dealt with but ""release"" is the ultimate verdict once a certain amount of opportunities for correction have elapsed.  Dreams are processed each day as are feelings of anger, hostility, frustration.  Reasons for behaviour are evaluated and the reason appears to be that if feelings can be processed a homeostasis will always return.  Lying is strictly forbidden...until....When the twelfth year finally arrives, a bizarre occurrence takes place.  Jonas and all his contemporaries who are about to turn 12, are called to an auditorium at which time they revert to the numbers they were originally assigned, prior to the ""name giving"" that occurred when they were officially presented to their selected parents.  Jonas is not called to the stage when his number is called.  He is shocked as are all the members of the town who are present for this important occasion.The reason for the slight becomes apparent when Jonas receives the highest honor possible, he will become ""The Receiver"".  His studies with the present Receiver reveal a far-from-perfect society and it is each subsequent Receiver who must be the recipient of the painful memories of the past.  This takes its toll on each honoree as s/he literally bears the weight of the world in order to alleviate the town's folk from having to do so.Jonas gradually rebels and takes dramatic steps to escape what is not at all idyllic.  Let the reader discover this moral tale.  The novel is well done and can easily appeal to adults and adolescents alike.  The fortunate adolescents will have adults with whom to review this book as it has many painful, ethical, moral issues to be discussed!"
"The Giver  By: Lois Lowry  Reviewed by: W. Horng  Per.6  This book is about a young boy who, suprisingly, got the most important and rare job, the Reciever of Memory. At the Ceremony of Twelve, every twleve year old boys and girls get the job of their life. They usually get the job that they wanted the most. Jonas was called on last and was announced the Reciver of Memory. The Receiver's job is to store all of the memory of a person including pain, love, hate, and etc. Jonas's townspeople doesn't have any feelings and their life are always predictable.  I like this book because it has adventures and the part about a person keeping all of the memory that no one else has. Tht's pretty cool, however, then you'll have to be a loner of some kind because you can't share any of your memory and you can't talk to your parents about it either. The other trouble of being a reciver of Memory is the bad memories that are like nightmares! I wouldn't want to be a Reciver because I want to share my feelings with my family and I can not hide them to myself.  My favorite part of the book is when Jonas got his first happy memory. The Reciver all get a set of rules. Guess what, in one of the rules, the Reciver can lie to anybody if he has to, he can even lie to his parents! ""He had never, within his memory, been tempted to lie."" That's what Jonas thought about lying to people. After a few more trainings, Jonas is starting to see colors. The first color that Jonas saw was red. Jonas loved every class going to the House of the Old and getting a new and happy memory, until now....  That's when the part that I dislike comes up. The memories are not all good, there are always some bad ones. The first bad memory that the Giver gave to Jonas was the pain of sunburn, then the pain of falling down, breaking your leg,and scraping your face against jagged egdes of ice. This is Jonas's feelings when he first got the pain of breaking a leg: ""He sat, and looked at his own leg, where it lay stright on the bed, unbroken. The brutal slice of pain was gone. But the leg ached horribly, still, and his face felt raw."" If you think that's overwhelming, wait until Jonas first got the memory of war. The experience was frightning, people running for their lives, orphans crying over their family member's death, and soldiers dying  at war. Now that's overwhelming for me. Think about it, you even have to carry that memory around you for the rest of your life until you transfer your memory to a new Reciver of Memory."
"Have you ever wanted to live in a perfect world?  In The Giver, Jonas lives in the perfect world that does not have war, sickness, or hunger.  Lois Lowry wrote The Giver in 1993.  This Newbery award book is a futuristic science fiction about what could possibly happen in post-apocalyptic times.  The theme of The Giver is life is boring and meaningless if everything is the same.  Although some things are hard and painful, those times make life interesting and worth living. Jonas is an ordinary boy in his community, except for one fact: he sees beyond.  At the age of twelve, all children go to a ceremony and receive their life job.  Jonas was given the job of Receiver of Memory.  He receives all the memories of the past from the Giver.  When Jonas grows old, he will be the Giver and give his memories to the new Receiver of Memory.  The memories are from hundreds of generations ago.  Some memories are happy, while some are horrifying and very painful.  The Receiver keeps the memories so the people do not have to endure them.  Therefore, people give up color, individual freedom, and responsibility.  While Jonas is receiving memories, he realizes life was better when everything was not the same.  Although there was violence, hunger, and sickness, life was more meaningful.  Jonas and the Giver want to do something, to somehow bring more meaning to the community, but are not sure what to do. The Giver is a very interesting, yet different kind of book.  It makes you think about what the world and the human race could become.  It also makes you think about the importance of freedom and of diversity.  I thought it was a good book; though somepeople might find it disturbing.  For example, Jonas finds out what releasing really is.  He only knows it is the worst punishment in his community, but does not realize that it is a type of euthanasia or mercy killing.  As a writer, Lowry uses very vivid and colorful verbs and adjectives. I would recommend this book to anyone who does not mind disturbing references and likes thinking of the future in a different way."
"The Giver is a great book by Louis Lowry.  It is about a boy in a society far different from our own.  They have their own rules and don't make contact with anybody out of their community.  They get paired up if they want to be parents, and don't even give birth to their own children.This book is about Jonas, a thirteen-year-old boy who is preparing for the ceremony of twelve.  At the ceremony of twelve, they are given their jobs that they train for, and later have as their job for life.  They don't make money off of these jobs; here there is no such thing as money.  There are many different jobs, birthmother or someone who takes care of the old.  Jonas got a very unusual job. During the ceremony of twelve, he got skipped and they did not call him up to receive his job until everyone else had gone up on stage and received their jobs.  He was going to be the Receiver.  A Receiver was only picked every once in a while.  It was very rare to be Receiver.  He got a new set of rules and in these rules was something that shocked Jonas.  He could not talk to anybody about his job with anybody.Every day after school he went to a small house where the Giver lived.  When Jonas first went in, he had no idea what he was in for.  What happened was the Giver had the power to transmit memories into people's mind.  The people in the community had no pain, no feelings, nothing to hurt them.  They could not even see color, but the Giver could. He could see color and he had feelings.  Every time Jonas came to the Giver, the Giver would transmit memories.  This went on for a year.  Some memories were the Giver's, and some were from generations.  Some of the memories were happy, and some were sad.  Jonas began to see color and have feelings.  Eventually he could see everything in color and had feelings for everything.  At the end of the story, Jonas gets on his bike and goes on a journey to a place where he had seen in many of his memories, a place far away from his home. He went somewhere far, far away.This is a great book and I would recommend it to almost anybody.  It is great for kids as young as nine to an adult.  This book is not good for people who only love action books or mystery books.  This book is great for anybody who loves to read good writing.  The Giver also has a very unusual plot.  All and all, this is a great book for any true reader."
"Book ReviewThe GiverBy Lois Lowry..., is a book full of cliffhangers and unexpected events. It is about a young boy named Jonas who is never fearful because everything in his world is under control. There are no wars or choices, for Jonas lives in the Community where everyone is assigned a job and rules are strictly enforced.When Jonas reaches a certain age group called the ""Twelves"" he is assigned a role like no other. His job is ""alone and apart from everyone."" Jonas is selected to receive special training from an elderly person called the Giver. He retreats to the Giver everyday and is called the ""Receiver of Memories."" Jonas soon discovers that he is named that because the Giver teaches him about things of the past that Jonas has never heard of. These things do not exist in the Community. The Giver introduces Jonas to things such as snow, sleds, runners, colors, downhill, and many other things that we experience in normal life. It is finally time for Jonas to receive the truth. The Giver presented to him all the pain and pure pleasure of  ""real"" life. ""There is no turning back.""I find it very interesting how Lois Lowry writes of a world that doesn't exist. I can relate to Jonas who apologizes many times though he doesn't do anything to warrant this. I think I know how Jonas felt on the first day going to the Giver. Why did he, of everyone in the Twelves have to receive special training when the last child assigned this job had failed?Personally, I admire this book and can't put it down. My favorite part is when the ""Ceremony of Twelves"" comes around the corner. This event is when those in the group that are to turn twelve, are assigned a job they must attend to for the rest of their lives. Jonas is the last to receive a task. I felt excited for him and anxious to progress in the book. It is difficult to find a least favorite part of this book or to change it for the better. I think the book is excellent as written.I would definitely recommend The Giver to those who enjoy suspenseful stories. There are no parts where one could predict what is going to happen next. The Giver does deserve the Newberry Medal, which it has been awarded."
"Jonas's world is perfect.  There is no fear or pain.  Jonas has been chosen as the ""Receiver of Memories"" by the Giver. This book is an excellent book besides the ending.  In the ending there wasn't much of a point.  They ran away, and the memories went to the people. It was a perfect world.  You couldn't do any thing wrong or you would be released.  Jonas later found out that release was a form of murder.  You couldn't do anything wrong or you would be released.  There was a pilot that flew in the wrong area so he was released.  Some people would apply for release.  I guess that was a form of suicide?  Why would they want to do that? In the book, The Giver, Jonas lived in a world where you couldn't experience pain or pleasures.  Jonas had never experienced pain and when he did he experienced war and the pain of breaking a bone.  Jonas's first memory was the memory of sledding down a hill.  That was his first pleasure.  He later visited a house with Christmas going on through the memories.  It wouldn't be a life if you couldn't have something fun in your life.  Jonas was kind of lucky for getting to do some of the fun things. There was no color or sound.  Everything was black and white.  Jonas finally saw the color red.  He saw an apple and Fiona's hair.  Nobody else could see the color beside himself  and the Giver.  There wasn't any music.  The Giver told Jonas that he first heard sound like Jonas saw the color red.  Jonas later heard Christmas Carols in the Christmas memory. Only one person could hold onto the memories.  Jonas became the Receiver of memories.  He was treated differently by all his friends after that.  When Jonas ran away the memories were given to the people.  The Giver told him that if he ran away that would happen.  The reason theyheld onto the memories was so that everybody wouldn't have to experience real life. Every thing was chosen for the people.  Like when you were ten you would get your first bicycle.  When you were twelve, you would be chosen a job.  I think that it wouldn't be fair if you couldn't choose what you wanted to do for a living. I think that the unbelievable part in this story was when Jonas saw his father release a newborn child.  That would be weird for a twelve year old to become a birth mother.  This book is just so different. I wonder if there is pollution or anything else in this world that couldn't be perfect?  I mean there were planes.  How would they run if they didn't have internal combustion? The book The Giver was a great book because it was so different.  There wasn't anything like our world like music, color, pain, or pleasures.  Since it really didn't have a good ending, maybe Louis Lowry can write a sequel to The Giver."
"The book,""The Giver,"" by Lois Lowry, is about a twelve-year old boy named Jonas. It is based on utopia and sameness.  He lives in a community which is completely different from our society today.  Everything the people do in the community is planned and discussed.  In this world there is no anxiety, terror, pain nor war.  In this book, there is a December ceremony which is something like a birthday in our world.  At the ceremony people who are twelve get their assignments or tasks.  Jonas is selected to be the "" Receiver of memory"" which is a powerful task in this community.  The old receiver becomes The Giver and transmits memories from the past to Jonas.  After revealing memories of joy, death, colour and love, Jonas discovers that his world is totally controlled by the Chief Elders.  After finding out about his community, Jonas assembles a plan to escape.  He takes his best friend or so-called brother Gabriel with him.  By escaping from this world he's letting out memories that the people of this world have never experienced before. I think the end of the book put my class in awe because they didn't know whether Jonas and Gabriel died or survived. I thought this book was very fascinating and amusing.  The way the author has written this book makes you want to read on further and further looking for another adventure.  I think Lois Lowry wrote this book for children who entrust the future because she wanted to warn us what a perfect utopian world would be like. I think she wrote this book because she wanted the reader to use their imagination and intellect.  In this novel, I think that the author presents us with a powerful thought of what the future may stand as and how marvelous our lives are. I would recommend this book to all readers who like both exhilarating and mournful books. I gave this book four stars because it was a terrific book. I thought Jonas was very brave when he crossed the bridge not even knowing where Elsewhere was.  At the end of the book, I almost had tears in my eyes because it was so depressing.  I found this book some-what confusing but all in all I thought this book was an exceptional read."
"The book the giver by Lois Lowry is about an 11-year-old boy named Jonas who lives in a community which is completely different from our society. The community is controlled by the committee  of Elders. There is no fear, no pain and no war. At the Ceremony of Twelve where the 12-year-olds receive their assignments, Jonas is chosen to be the new Receiver of Memories. It is the most honoured job in the community. The Giver, an old man, transmits the memories of the past to Jonas. He and the Giver are the only ones who have these memorys. Jonas receives memories of nature, of joy, pain, colors and feelings like love. After receiving all these memories, he begins to understand that life in his community is strictly ordered and manipulated. Because of this he decides to leave his community with the hope to give the members their memories back. The ending of the book is open, because we do not know  if the members get their memorys back or not and if Jonas has a new, better life then.Lowry's intention is to make the readers aware of the world they live in and to warn them of an oppressive regime.The characters in the book are all the same. There are no differences between them. Jonas and the Giver are exceptions.For German people, the giver is difficult to read except you are a person who is very good at English like  English teachers.The Giver is structured chronologically. The author Lois Lowry does not write anything about the setting at the beginning of the book. You are thrown into the story.At the beginning of the book it was difficult for me to read it, because there were many new English words which I do not know . First I did not like this book ,because you are thrown into the story and do not know anything about the setting. But when I read it further, it became more and more exciting. It was interesting for me to experience what it is like to live in such a community which is full of rules, manipulation and no chance to change something. It makes me think about our society and how I would respond if I were in Jonas situation. All in all I would say that The Giver is very good. I would give it 4 stars."
Thought provoking ... same genre as Brave New World and Handmaid's Tale...loved it.  Suitable for teen to adult. Highly recommended.
"For Jonas, a twelve year old, living his life where everything is decided for him is normal. He lives in a colorless, choicless world. Everything from his meals to who he will marry is decideed for him. This place of sameness is completely unaware of things, or feelings like love, pain, family, or even weather. Simple things, that we have everyday are alien to this wolrd. But, when Jonas is given with these new feelings, thougths and desires he feels the need to share them.Lois Lowry creates a story that will leave you questioning the world around you. It will make you realize the many things we take for granted everyday. You will experence a world that is very different from ours, and you can't help to wonder if we would benefit form the concept of 'sameness'."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry - Book 1011AUGI read a lot of Lois Lowry as I was growing up, but I somehow must have missed reading ""The Giver.""  My newest cousin-in-law, Jennie, recommended that I read ""The Giver,"" and when I realized I hadn't already read the book, it shot up to the top of my list.""The Giver"" was a fabulous read about a seemingly utopian society where the people in the society are spared from any discomfort, such as hunger, war, even pain from a scraped knee.Each year, as children are groomed to perfection, the Ceremony concludes with the Twelves receiving their assignments, which are similar to careers they will have for the rest of their adult lives.  Jonas is unsure of what assignment he will be given, and the entire community is shocked to find out that Jonas has a special task, with the Giver.  The last Twelve to be assigned to the Giver had a disastrous outcome.Will Jonas be able to survive his assignment with the Giver?""The Giver"" reminds me, in a way, of the movie ""Pleasantville,"" where the townspeople lived in a perfect society, but also a society that lacked uniqueness, real love, and color.  While ""The Giver"" has some darker undertones, it seems that the movie may have had some inspiration from the book.""The Giver"" was a quick read, a Newberry Award Winner, and a book to add to your Must-Read list, if you haven't already read it!If you lived in a utopian society, such as in the beginning of ""The Giver"" and ""Pleasantville,"" what memories would you be able to live without?What memories would you be devastated to lose, or to never experience?Thanks for reading,RebeccaLike my review?  Check out my blog and tell me what YOU think!"
Its an amazing book for all ages.  I read it as a kid and forgot about it til recently and really wanted to read it again to see if it was as amazing as I recalled it to be.  And it was!  Must read for all ages.
"This book offers an amazing critic about how could be our future if we keep thinking about being practical, and forgetting our human essence which is formed by colors, differences, and deep feelings. The Giver remarks how important is our history and how powerful could be. Also, this book invites us to be creative and make our life spectacular everyday."
"Why read: Considered by many to be a classic.What impressed me: The Giver totally lived up to the hype, and from reading it I can see why everyone compares the newest YA dystopian books to it. The world created in The Giver is clearly the basis of many modern day stories. Knowing The Giver came first makes this short but powerful novel even more impressive.What disappointed me: I wish I had chosen to read this back in school, as I remember it being suggested reading may times over the years, but look at that cover. It's no wonder I never picked it up as a student.Recommended: Definitely. The Giver is classic dystopian for a reason.Continue series: Of course."
"Although I have not read this edition, I read this book in middle school and it genuinely changed my life as a reader, a writer and the way I live my life and view the world. I know, it's that good."
my teacher had us read this book with my seventh grade class and i felt like this book was the only book that i really enjoyed out of all the book she has picked
"How did I miss this book before now? It is a bit slow to start but I think that is because of the intended audience - it is well written and a great story. It seems the best books I read these days are intended for children - Harry Potter, Hunger Games, His Dark Materials. The audiobook version is very well done, the narrator does a great job."
"I first read this book maybe 15 years ago and have since read it ten more times. Many books from your childhood don't translate we'll through the years but The Giver is the exception, I think it gets better. Yes it's relatively short but do yourself a favor and read this, I promise you won't be disappointed. This is my all time favorite book."
"In his so called ""utopian"" world that has noloce,colors, piverty, or even choices, Jonas, a twelve-year-old boy,is chosen to be the Receiver of Memory. He receives other people's good and bad memories, which allow him to see colors and have feelings. He decides to run away, so he can change the community. He plans a risky scheme to escape from the community. While he is accomplishing his task, he has to face the hardships or winter, a season that his community does not have. When he reaches his destination, a community with love, choices, and family; he realizes how much better this new community is opposed to his old one. After I finished reading this book, I felt that jonas received what he desered because he was not a foolish kid, and he was very brave.  The message that Lowry gives is that nothing is perfect because jonas thought that his world was great, but when he saw the memories, and compared them with his community, he changed his mind. I think that there are a lot of things that happen that way, for example, when you are buying a house, you think this one house is great, but when you see another, you think it is a lot better and choose that one.  From my point of view, this is a very intersting book because it takes place in the future, and the author writes the book from her point of view on what the future would be like. I find the charecters very interesting also; when the the people in the community are given their assignments(their jobs), they are given a bunch of rules to follow, so that basically controls how thet behave. For example, if they are told that they can lie, they lie, and if they are told that the can be rude, they are rude.  If i were Jonas, I would not have taken the job of the Receicer of Memory because you have to go through physical pain.  The conflict in this book is that Jonas wants everyboy to see what he can see and to feel what he can feel. he does not know how to do that a t frist, but then, he decides to run away.  He wants to do this because once he is gone from the community, the memories will come back to the other people, so they can experience them.  I give this book a five star rating because it is very well-written, and the plot was well-planned. I couldn't put the book down!"
"In The Giver, Jonas, a twelve-year-old boy, discovers the real truth about  his utopian-like community.  We don't exactly know where this community's  setting is, but we do know it has a different environment than ours.  It is  not like an ordinary living environment like yours and mine.  Why? Because  Jonas' community has no color, feelings, music, love, or even changes in  the weather.  In this isolated town, the citizens also do something that is  called release, which is when the community kills a person. All is not  negative though.  For example, one thing the characters get from being a  part of this society is not ever having to starve because their food is  delivered to the people's homes everyday. This book is about Jonas who  learns the truth about his community and wants to break free from it when  he sees his father doing something that is not the right thing to do.  Then, Jonas realizes that his life is not what he really wants, so he makes  a decision that will affect him and the community.  One thing you have  to think about when you are one of the citizens in this society is. . . Is  it worth it to give up things that you might want in your life for things  that you need? I, for one, don't think it is worth it to be in this  community because there are too many things I would have to give up, and I  couldn't handle that. The problem with leaving the community is to separate  yourself from this society which is a hard thing to do. Jonas leaves behind  friends, and most importantly, the Giver. The Giver is the most important  citizen because he is the one who takes away all the memories of the  society to make the community perfect. In the end, Jonas gets what he has  been waiting for all his life: a life with choices and love, an imperfect  society, but basically, a better life.  After reading this book, I feel  the message is to live the life of your choice as much as you can.  This  book isn't my favorite kind of book because I like more actions and  mystery, but it is well thought out and written, so I give it four stars."
"The GiverThis is another excellent selection by Lowry. Herdetailed description and vivid writing guide the story along verywell. The Giver is a quick book because once you start it, you can'tput it down. Personally, this book was well worth my time and I reccomend that all of you consider reading it.It's about a boy named Jonas who lives in a community in the far away furture. The world he lives in is perfect. No one has a choice about anything from whom their spouce should be to what job they should choose. They don't even make their own children! A person is selected to do this job. Every one is the same and every one develops the same. Children even have their birthdays on the same day. The rules are very complicated because they don't want the world to go back to the same state as it was long before their time.When Jonas turns twelve, he gets the highly honored job of keeping all of the memories, the painful and wonderful feelings of the past. He recieves the memories from the Giver who recieved the same memories from another giver generations ago. They are passed down in a continuous cycle from one Giver to the next. It is important that only the Giver recieves the memories so that the community isn't overwhelmed by all of the feelings which they never knew existed. If the memories were to excape the Givers, whether it be through death or release, the community would go back to its wretched ways of long ago.  Some of the memories are painful but some are also joyful memories of things such as colors, birthday parties and love. This is a great book that I think deserved the John Newbury Medal, which it was awarded.The people in this world do not see the colors, they don't have love, and they don't know of war and death.  If there were such a world, I would fear that it would be too fragile if anything abnormal occurred. I would much rather have a more prepared and experienced community like we have today than to sacrifice the pleasures of life for a delicate world of sameness. When reading this inspiring story, it makes you think, ""What has the world come to?"" Although, I do believe that it is a rather critical point of view for such a real-life topic, it still makes you think. It is almost immpossible to imagine a world without violence or crime. An infalible world of sameness."
"The Giver is an excellent book.  This book is filled with happiness, sadness, joyful tmes, and hard times.  Jona is the main character in the book.  He is a young boy turning into a twelve and recieves a special assignment of the Keeper of Memories.  He starts his training and soon his  teacher dies.  Now, he is the official Keeper of the Memories.  Jona  has his parents, a sister, and a new baby brother.  The only thing in the  book is his new baby brother isn't developing right.  So they have to give  him one year to see if he will develop.  If not, he will be sent back and  they will receive a new baby.  This is a sad part of the book.  When I read  that I thought about how people do that.  These people live in a world  where there is not any pain, fear, or war.  the people  work together and  never fight.  They watch over each other.  The book is very  interesting.  The way the people live is amazing.  The kids are called by  things likes eight's, or twelve's.  This is like there age.  They can do  certain things once they turn a certain age.  Like Jona's sister Lily  turned into an eight and you can start to volunteer at places.  Lily would  like to volunteer at the nursery in the book.  Her mom says only volunteer  work.  You aren't respected as much if that is your assignment once your  get older.  For Jona since he is turning into a tweleve they receive an  assignment to do for the rest of his life.  The world the people live  in here is different, neat, and also so caring.  There world is very  different from ours.  The world is peaceful.  The people work on the  assignments they are given; and they also watch and love their families  very much.  the Giver is an excellent book to read, and it is a good  recommendation."
"According to Lowry, The Giver, like her other books, is about ""the vital need for humans to be aware of their interdependence, not only with each other, but with the world and its environment.""  As an adult of  35, my reading of The Giver disclosed a book steeped in Jungian  psychology/philosophy.  Although most of the over 530 reviews before mine  were written by young adults or children, several were also written by  adults (including teachers).  I find it strange that nobody mentioned the  Jungian connection until now.  Carl Jung's concepts of synchronicity, the  collective unconscious (""Elsewhere"" and ""Memories of the  Whole World""), Archtypes of the Unconscious, our ""twin""  shadow figures (see Lily's ramblings on pg. 137) which teach us through our  dreams, the Self (""this IS my life... the memories"" pg. 103)...  it's all there hidden in the text.  The term ""Elsewhere"" is  ambiguous and equivocal; it has different meanings.  Those who are  ""released"" (killed) or ""lost"" (natural death) go  ""Elsewhere.""  But ""Elsewhere"" also implies somewhere  outside of the community where there are hills, snow, animals, and, it is  implied (although made improbable - e.g., airplanes), a civilization like  the readers of the book, but I don't believe Lowry intended that OUR  civilization co-exist on the same planet as Jonas's, and the Elsewhere that  he and Gabe found at the end of the novel was the ""final  destination"" that ""held their future and their past"" (pg.  179) as well as that of every person: DEATH, which, paradoxically, does not  necessarily mean non-existence but entrance into an afterlife.  But, given  Jung's (and Lowry's) philosophy, the afterlife or Elsewhere that Jonas and  Gabe experience is the Collective Unconscious or Memory of the entire human  race!  Remember, ""memories are forever"" (pg. 104) and we ARE our  memories (pgs. 103-104).  The end of the last chapter is vague precisely  because entrance into the Jungian Elsewhere via ""received""  memories (of Christmas, the sled, etc.) and imagination (that ""special  knowledge that was deep inside him,"" pg. 179, before he died) is vague  as a philosophical idea.Aside from the Jungian philosophy, there are  obviously many great things about this book that make it a classic for both  young and old.  Read the other reviews!  Personally, I enjoyed the book and  consider it essential reading in the dystopian genre.  Thanks Tammy for  recommending it to me! - Brad Clark"
"The Giver is my favorite book. I liked how the author told thestory from Jonas's point of view and you found out things like colorwhen he did. The way it was written with phrases like ""precision of language"" and how everyone was ""a"" nine or ""a"" twelve that helped me understand the precise but dull way that things were done in their community.When we read this book in the sixth grade our teacher asked us what Jonas meant in the end of the book when he was going on that last sled ride and and the book said ""I remember this place Gabe."" and it was true. But it was not a thin and burdensome reccolection: this was different. This was something he could keep it was a memory of his own. We decided that it was refering to the dream that Jonas had just after he got that first memory of the sled ride and that he was traveling to the place that he could not get to in the dream. Many people said that they didn't like the endind. I did. It leaves room for your imagination that place where he was travellin to and had worked so hard to get to was there and welcoming them. It doesn't matter what that place was, only that he had made it there and that he would be o.k. and that maybe just maybe there was also music comeing from the community. Maybey just maybe the community had come to terms with themselves and were singing and maybe just maybe it was only an echo.We also had to write sequals to the book for English. Many said that Jonas had died and gone to heaven. Others wrote about the place that he had travelled to. Some wrote about what it was like back in the community when they had to come to terms with themselves.In one story which I remember very well, the entere community went completly mad and a few went as far as to blame the Giver and they in their utter madness killed him. After that the community just destroyed itself.  The ending brings many posibilities and would not be so bad if you just thought about it.I would not reccomend this book for anyone under 6th grade. Not because they couldn't understand it but because they wouldn't get as much out of it and because for some it could be overwhelming. Anyone who reads it will want to discussit later.The Giver is a book that requires you to think. Requires you to use your imagination. You also have to feel whats going on.I think that it deserves the Newberry medal that it got."
"Lois Lowry's The Giver teaches society an important lesson that it most likely hasn't spent much time thinking about.  That lesson is the importance of a culture knowing its history and heritage in order to savor  the present.  In the novel there exists a society that experiences no pain  nor hunger, dilemmas nor uncertainties.  Everything has its organized plan,  as every person has his/her own pre-chosen fate.  This strife-free society  comes at a tremendous price, which only the title character, the Giver, and  his protege, Jonas, realize.  This price is the knowledge of themselves and  their past.  The people of the society have no concept of the generations  before them.  To them, there is nothing beyond the Community.  They kill  those that they claim to ""Release,"" due to old age or request to  be released.  In order to free the citizens from pain and burden, the  memories of their past lie on one chosen member, named the Giver.  It is  the Giver's job to carry the weight of the past on his shoulders, and his  alone.  To the oblivious Community, this plan is ideal. They go about their  simple lives, having to make no choices nor experience any suffering.  What  only the Giver, and his student, Jonas, realize is that they also miss out  on the good memories, such as sunshine, color and music.  There is no love  in the Community.  There is truly no real emotion beyond the shallow  feelings that arise during the routine days.  By freeing themselves from  strife, the Community has unknowingly sacrificed any point to existance.  They merely continue about their ways like robots.  Jonas and the  Giver resolve themselves to returning the memories to the Community.  They,  being the only ones to experience the joys of choice, realize how important  it is for everyone to share that.  Without a shared remembrance of the  past, there is no way to savor the present, nor prepare for the future.  One's heritage is his/her identity, and without an identity, there is no  true living."
"Lois Lowry's THE GIVER is an excellent novel with a meaningful message related to the importance of folklore. While the futuristic novel might seem as far from folklore as possible, upon further inspection it is  evident that THE GIVER is closely related to folklore. Folklore often  consists of historical stories passed from one generation to the next. THE  GIVER concerns the passing of history from generation to generation, though  not conventionally.  In the world of THE GIVER, people have detached  themselves from true emotion, vitality and spirit in order to gain control  and simplicity. Rather than being shared with the entire Community through  common mediums such as oral stories and books, the past is heaped upon one  sacrificial person so that the Community can remain without pain or true  emotion. This sacrificial person, called the Receiver, is forced to carry  all memories from when the world was imperfect. The Committee of Elders,  the major decision making body of the Community, calls upon the Receiver  for the wisdom of the past when faced with a new and different situation  which they do not know how to handle. With knowledge of past mistakes and  successes, the Receiver is able to advise the Elders. THE GIVER  demonstrates how the past is essential for any community to function  because of the wisdom it provides.  Everyone has both a right and a  responsibility to know the tales about the past which provide this wisdom,  as the novel illustrates. The Receiver experiences immense pain so that the  rest of the community can remain free from distressing memories. When there  were two people sharing the memories the pain was lessened, and by the end  of the novel the reader realizes that the community should share the past  together. Thus, THE GIVER shows the need to share memories of the past with  everyone.  THE GIVER not only shows the need for a past, is exhibits a  need for the wisdom folklore provides. It also illustrates that learning  about folklore cannot be a solitary process, but that everyone must  participate in learning of their past. Through an intriguing story, Lowry  conveys a powerful message. I would definitely recommend this novel to  anyone, regardless of age."
"A round of applause for Ms. Lowry who has done an excellent job of showing the logical result of humanism in her book, ""The Giver""!  In order to cope with our irresistable urge to sin, she portrays a  ""society"" which has finally solved all the world's problems by  taking away all external stimuli which might provoke a citizen to sin.  This is the 1990's parallel to ""1984"".  Like ""1984"",  everyone is kept under constant supervision and announcements are made over  a loudspeaker when a rule is broken.As the main character Jonas, who has  just turned 12 years old, begins experiencing true emotions, he rebells  against the choices that have been denied him and has exposed his family  and the people around him as creatures who have no true capacity to care  about one another.  The emotions his family, as well as others, do feel are  only self-centered and never show a deep concern for others.People in  the ""society"" who rebell are dealt with swifty. They are  ""released"", i.e., put to sleep, killed.  Babies who do not gain  enough weight are killed.  Older people are killed.  It is also acceptable  to kill yourself.  All, of course, for the benefit of society.I do not  recommend this book be read outloud in a classroom situation for children  under the age of 14.  There are topics in this book that a child may not be  equipped emotionally to handle.  The experience of ""stirrings"", a  metaphor for sexual arousal, is also not age appropriate for children under  the age of 14.  To read about an 11 year old  girl bathing a naked elderly  man and about how an 11 year old boy bathes a naked elderly woman would be  uncomfortable in any class-room setting.  If you are a teacher considering  reading this book to your class, please read it for yourself first!In  conclusion, while Ms. Lowry shows the futility of humanism extremely well,  the ending of this book is unsatisfying.  There is not a happy ending to  this dark story.Humanism tries to deny one has a sin nature, but deals  with it by taking away a society's choices, which I believe is happening  today.  The real victory is in Jesus Christ, who by dying on the cross for  our sins, being buried, and physically coming out of the grave gives  believers the ability to overcome their sin nature daily without taking  away choices, but with life-giving freedom! Yes, Christianity, and not  Humanism, is the real answer to all depressing situations!"
"Jonas is a young boy about to start the rest of his life in a world that has no feelings, color, nothing to make things separate from everything else.  There are rules for everything, no words of meaning for anything,  and all that is done is to protect the town from the dangers of the way  things used to be.When you are born, you do not have a mother and  father with whom you grow up.  After birth, you are given a name, and then  given to a new family who will raise you.  Each year in honor of your  birth, a ceremony is held for you and the others in your group.  On some  ceremonies you are given new clothes, one you a haircut, one a new bicycle,  but the most important ceremony of all is the ceremony of 12.  The ceremony  of 12 is very special, for that is when you find out what job you will be  given to have as long as you work.  (When you are growing up, before the  ceremony of 12, you begin to volunteer at a job site that interests you,  and that could help determine your life long job.)The elders in the  town all live in a home until they are released.  No one knows what it is  like or what happens at a release, and no one talks about anyone being  released.Some of the elders are in charge of assigning the 12's their  jobs.  So at the ceremony of 12's, going through the numbers of the  children, Jonas waited to be called on.  For some time now he had been  wondering and worrying about what his job would be, and noticing some  strange things happening to him that he could not explain, but would later  find out, that had to do with his job.  When Jonas' turn came to receive  his job, everyone fell silent as he was passed.  His number had not been  called.  All through the rest of the ceremony Jonas wondered what could  have happened.  How could they have passed him?  But his question was  answered  soon enough.  When the ceremony ended, an announcement was made  that one of the numbers had been passed.  Not forgotten, but passed for a  reason.  Jonas was then called to the stage like all the other numbers had  been, and was told that the job he was about to receive was the most  important job of all.  Jonas was to be the new Receiver.  His training  would start soon and his duties were not to be spoken of.  He had a new set  of rules to follow now. The Receiver was to spend his training hours with  the old Receiver, also called the Giver.  The Giver was very old and would  soon be released.  But before he can be released he must give all of his  memories, good and bad, to the Receiver.  The Receiver's job then came into  affect.  He was to hold all the memories for the entire town, so that they  wouldn't have mixed feelings and not know what to do.  It was his job to  protect the town from having the feelings they never had before.The  Giver is a great book that portrays the life of a young boy having to reach  adulthood quickly, experience true pain and happiness, and meet all the  challenges thrown his way.  To meet the responsibilities as the Receiver,  to follow all the new rules, to receive all the memories, to protect the  town from the memories, and the journey that lies ahead for Jonas to be  able to do all that he must, and to also change the town in a way that  could ruin everything or make it a better place, the way it once was long  ago."
"The book The Giver by Lois Lowry is an excellent example of how folklore plays a role within a society.  In most societies, a lot of the cultures and traditions that they hold today are not things that you can find in a  history book.  They are things that were told from generation to generation  like stories and lessons, that have slowly evolved and changed the culture  into what it is today.  They are stories that held myths and facts of what  happened in the past, and what they think the future will be.  The Giver is  about the same concept of handing down the history to the next generation.  In the novel the inhabitants live in a Eutopian society.  Everything  is controlled and structured.  There is no crime, no mistakes, and no  passion.  The people are born under controlled conditions and assigned to  family units.  They are brought up their entire lives to believe that their  way of life is a perfect way, the only way.  This is, for the most part  true, however, there is one thing that they are lacking, wisdom.  They have  no knowledge of the past, or that things were ever any different.  They do  not know of war or pain, or love or even animals and color.  All these  thing were eliminated within their society in order to bring sameness to  everyone, and eliminate any space for differences and prejudism and  choices.  After all, if you don't have a choice, you can't make the wrong  decision.  In the story there is a person within the society called a  Giver, and someone called a Receiver.  The Giver is the only person within  the society who has any knowledge of the past.  When his life is close to  being over, he then relays these memories to the Receiver.  This is the  only way that the society has of learning from the mistakes of the past,  and it is done to protect the rest of the society from the pain of the  memories.  In theory this sounds like it would be a good thing, but  actually it is not.  They do not have the pleasure of experiencing anything  on their own.  They do not know how to live life independently, to have  their own actions, or even an emotion to themselves.  Even their job is  chosen for them.  All the people within the society are the same, and there  is no individuality.  With out this element, it is almost as if they are  not even human.  Humans were made with the desire to love, to be free, and  to discover new things and satisfy their natural curiosity.  All this is  lost with in this society simply because they have no knowledge of things  ever being any different.  That is why folklore is important.  It gives  people something to believe in.  It gives them the knowledge of things  being different and unique.  It gives them the ability to be different and  their own person, and at the same time helps to form what the society is as  a whole."
"The Giver is an interesting book. It shows what is lost and gained by  living in a world without differences. People in the community of The Giver  make no important choices, they are told everything from who to marry to  what career path to follow to what to eat. As children they are told how to  wear there hair, when to start ridding bikes, and share one birthday with  all other children. People in this community are safe, they think that they  are happy and never call attention to the subtle differences that still  exist just enough to make them seperate people. They can't see colors and  never question the orders that are given to them via a PA system that  exists everywhere in the community. In this story, the people of 'long ago'  who were unique like we are today chose sameness because the wanted safety.  Letting people make their own choices was too risky, not worth the freedom  it brings because it is too easy for poeple to mke the wrong choice. Also,  in a controled world with neither too much hot nor cold, with no decicions  to be made, there is no pain, physical nor mental. But there is also no  pleasure, no happiness, no love. These people aren't really living because  they have no real feelings. They only think that they are happy because  they don't know what they have lost, they don't know what happiness is. But  in this story, as in life, pain, pleasure, wisdom and all types of things  can be passed down by storytellers. Here this storyteller is The Giver, but  he only shares his memories of real living with one person, who will in  time share those saame stories with another single person, so as to have  record of the outside world without disrupting the sameness. Jonas, the  chosen Reciever of the memories, realises the price for safety is too high,  and sacrifices himself to force his memories on the people. In the book,  Jonas hs to leave the community and never return in order to share his  memories, and after wandering for many days, he thinks that his has found  Elsewhere (the place outside the Community of sameness)But we never really  know if his found his destination or if he died on the way."
"The Giver was an interesting book.  At first the book was a little hard to  follow.  It was difficult adjusting to the way life was described.  Imagining life without color is a stretch.  Color is in everything we do,  everything we see, and everything we feel.  Why would anyone want to go to  ""Sameness""?  Why would anyone want to live life with no color or  choices?  Sure life would probably be a lot less difficult, but it would  be so plain.  Not being able to really choose a career.  Not being able to  choose a spouse or children would be a horrible existence.  That is one of  the joys in life; choosing the one person that you would want to spend the  rest of your life with, the one person you want to see every day and make  so much a part of your life that you are willing to combine two separate  lives to make a completely new one.  Another joy in life is difference. The  differences in landscapes and weather, food and music are vital additions  to life.  Depending on where someone lives effects their choices of  activities, food, and culture.  Without these everything and everyone is  the same.  In The Giver nothing was different.  No one could choose who  they were going to marry or what they ""are going to be when they grew  up"".  A definition of life is ""the sequence of physical and  mental experiences that make up the existence of an individual"".  Without differences there is no life and without life there is nothing.  The people in The Giver weren't really living, they were just wandering  around in a boring existence that would seem to go on forever and was  controlled by beings that led no lives themselves.  ""Every man dies,  but not every man really lives.""** Braveheart"
"I really found this book really interesting and eye-opening.  The topic on  controlled societies has been around for a long time.  The idea of  `releasing' people who are not qualified for living in the community was  also used by Plato.  He also emphasized giving people a specific job they  are responsible for in the community, just like the community in The Giver  had done.  In this book, there is a society that is totally  controlled.  What the people do, who they marry, their schedules for the  day, etc. are all decided by the Elders.  The members socialize with people  in their groups; the children with their appropriate age groups, and the  adults with whom they work among.  The people know no real pain, pleasure,  and memories.  They do what they are told and expected of them, and no  questions are asked; for them, life is perfect.  In this  community, there is a boy, Jonas, who is anticipating the Ceremony of the  Twelves, where the eleven year old children are assigned the job they will  be responsible for the rest of their lives.  He is worried that he will be  disappointed with the assignment he receives, but is semi-reassured by his  parents who tell him the Elders know each child and what is best for each  one.  The ceremony finally takes place, and Jonas is skipped over.  However, Jonas is called last in his group.  He has not been assigned, he  has been selected as the Receiver of Memory, the most important job in the  community.  This job will require pain, something the people in the  community do not often experience, and when they do, only for a short  amount of time.  Up until the part where Jonas starts to receive  his training, the extent of the controlled society is not fully explained.  What Jonas learns and experiences from the current Receiver of Memory is  unexplainable and not to be talked with to the other members of the  community.  They would not be able to handle it.  The experience of seeing  how someone is released causes Jonas to begin to think the controlled  society is not right, and he can not just sit back and do nothing about it."
"The Giver was an extremely good book. It portrayed a town that was  controlled by their government of elders. The people didn't care that they  were controlled because that's all they ever knew. In the book a boy,  Jonas, gets chosen to recieve the memories of a time forgotten by most.  That was a choice that the elders of the town made for him. They expected  him to be strong and help the town by being the all knowing. Nobody could  see color except Jonas and the reciever before him. Color, rain, snow, the  sun, weather, the knowledge of happiness, pleasure, and pain was lost to  this town. They had conformed to 'sameness',as they say in the book. The  memories were lost and only passed on from one person to one other. This  process that Jonas went through to recieve the memories was and example of  ""shared remembrance"". It is important to all people and none  should be denied of that remembrance. It carries on  culture, difference,  and the power to chose. It gives people their own minds and although that  might be dangerous it is not anyone's place to chose for them. Jonas agrees  with this idea and runs away from the isolated town.  This would be an  appropriate book for folklore study because it shows that no matter how  impossible the idea of something is, that if you believe in it then it may  come true. It also shows that people can make up their own minds if they  have the right knowledge. If you don't have the right knowledge then you  become dependent on what others tell you. In the world of unexplained  phenomenon you need to share knowledge of what you know and remember or you  might make a decision under false pretences. Here comes another example of  ""shared remembrance"". Folklore is a difficult subject and this  book sets an example for the people in the field of study for folklore. It  sets an example by showing determination in what you believe. If you are  determined then you can help make people understand you and your view on  things."
"This book was a very interesting one that paints the picture of a  community with no color, no hills, no hurt; just sameness. It made me think  of all of the differences that are around now and how different cultures  record them and their mistakes for the future to learn from them.  In this  culture that Lowry has created in the book they record them in a  fascinating way . With one person that unlike the others has to be  responsible for all of the previous horrors along with the joys that none  of the others get to experience.  Another thing they never get to  experience is making any real choices. They lack the right to choose their  jobs and women . It is a reflection on today's society about those choices  and how because of the high divorce and unemployment rates if people did  have a board researching and deciding for them that it might work a little  better. It might work a little better but, the only problem with this  utopia is that when you take away people's choices you take away their  freedom and with out freedom you can't have a utopia.  This community  however is happy with these choices that have been made for them and that  is because they never knew the alternative. No color, no hills, no hurt,  and no death. In the book they take away the concept of death and replace  it with a concept of release. Most cultures have their own ways of dealing  with death and this one just camouflages it. So when all of these things  become clear to the main character he leaves and by doing that forces the  others to bear the load of history which had been alone on he and the  Giver's shoulders.  The book ends with out telling what has happened  where he left from. It leaves that for the reader's imagination to kick in  and think about what they are going to do know after the failure of two  Receivers. This obviously was the weak link in there chain so maybe next  they go back to writing pictures on the wall..."
"I really liked this book, I loved the way it was written, and, although a little to young for my age (17) I still enjoyed it a lot. I liked the way the story started.  It seemed like Jonas was innocent, a child.  He knew nothing of what was happening all around him.  That is until 'The Ceremony of Twelve', everybody in this 'commune' has their lives mapped out for them.  Jonas is chosen for the highly regarded and much revered role as 'The Giver'.  The Giver at the moment is an old man, who reveals to Jonas that he is the keeper of the communes emotions and feelings, all the good, the bad, the happy, the sad, the painful and all the pleasureful ones.  He must give these to Jonas by psychically passing them to him (like a Vulcan Mind Melt for you trekkies out there!)  Jonas must learn to accept the good with the bad.  As Jonas receives the memories The Giver looses them from his mind, he only remembers them slightly. First of all Jonas learns how to feel snow, he loves it.  The Giver continues to give Jonas wonderful and exciting emotions and feelings and then slowly starts to introduce the harder ones, like a broken arm, a fire, dying, etc.  Jonas hates this part of his calling.  When he realizes that death is the same as 'Releasing' he learns what his whole society is like, - a sterile emotionless existence where all independent thought and personal growth is quashed.  He starts to turn against his father who works as a 'Nurturer'.  He released a baby earlier that day, and Jonas realized that his father murdered a little baby. This acts as a catalyst for Jonas and The Giver to start a plan that will inevitably turn the whole society and ideology of the commune upside down. I suggest you read this book, if you are 6 or 60, it is a really good book all about what our world could turn into."
"This book is about Jonas who lives in a community where there is no pain and the community is all flat. No one can see colors and there is one person that keeps track of all the memories. That person is ""The Reciever"". Jonas has a friend, Asher, who is a wild kid. Every December there is a ceremony like a birthday because you turn a different age. Each time you turn a different age you get something or something happens to you. When you turn 9 you get a bicycle and when you turn 12 you get your assignment. An assingment is the job that you will do for the rest of your life until you retire. They chose the assingment from the volunteer hours to do. For example if you do a lot of volunteering at the Nuturing Center your assingment will probably be Nuturer. Each child has a number at the ceremony which is the order they will be called up. The Cheif Elder skips Jonas's number then comes back to it. Jonas wasn't assinged, he was selected to be ""The Receiver"". He gets trained by the old receiver, which Jonas calls ""The Giver"", and gets to hold the memories. The Receiver is greatly honored because he can make decisions from past memories. Jonas gets the happy memories, but remembers the Cheif Elder saying that there would be pain so asks the Giver to give him memories with pain. During his training he sees colors for the first time and feels pain for the first time. Jonas's father is a Nuturer and he has to make a release. A release is releasing someone to another community. He watches the release and finds out that his father just kills the baby. Jonas runs away from the community and on his journey he feels pain, sees colors and sees hills. He also hears music which The Giver told him about."
"In Jonas's society people did not know true feelings.  There was only one person in society who had to take on the burden of carrying all of the feelings and experiences of the past.  When Jonas became a Twelve, he was  chosen to be this person/the receiver of memories.  Jonas's training  involved much pain, but he continued.  Through his training Jonas changed.  He knew the origins of the games the children played, such as a war game,  and thought them to be cruel.  Jonas had access to anything he wanted in  society, now that he was a receiver.  One day he requested to see a  ""release"" of a new-born child (a twin).  Jonas was horrified to  see that the child was actually killed because it was a twin.  At this  point Jonas decided to make an effort to change society and looked to the  person who was teaching and giving him the memories; The Giver.  The Giver  thought about it for a while and constructed a plan.  Even though the plan  was dangerous, Jonas accepted it.  Just as Jonas was about to implement the  plan, however, a dramatic turn-of-events took place.  To find out the  ending I suggest that you read this book.  My over-all opinion of the  book was that it was very interesting.  I liked the way the author set the  book in the future, even though their society was more primitive than ours.  The book seemed almost scary because the people didn't have feelings.  If  I had a choice to pick between the two societies, I would definitely choose  mine.  Although their society didn't have any poverty, I still think that  feelings are the most important aspect of a working society.  I would  recommend this book to teenagers.  I think that almost any teen would find  this book very interesting."
"""The Giver"" is a very well written book for people of all ages. This is an emotional book that teaches us about the lovely things in life. It also tells us not to take everything for granted. I would rate ""The Giver"" 5/5 stars.  Nick Young"
"I think there's been enough written as far as plot description of this tale...but if not, then here goes:Jonas lives in what appears to be a perfect, Utopian society and upon the completion of his 12th year of life (just like all other 12 year-olds in his community) he's given his job for life. His title is to be 'Receiver', to become a recepticle for all memories and knowlege within his community.He goes into training with the former Receiver, who then becomes 'The Giver', and learns the truth of his environment...and how it is far from perfect, and how impossible the concept of perfection truly is.There's more to it, but that's the bare bones of plot.It's a wonderfully enticing tale, and the author chose a powerful subject as well as doing a wonderful job at constructing a society with very intricate rules and social graces. I was thoroughly drawn to this book...and I felt it was simply yet powerfully written. The simplicity was actually quite effective since the subject and story was rather complex.I felt the author kind of wimped out though, somewhere toward about 3/4 of the way...perhaps it wasn't the author...perhaps it was the publisher, which is really possible too. Lowry was starting to dip into darker waters which were extremely powerful, but it seems like the moment she did, there was suddenly this miraculous solution to the story...it felt like the narrative was about to spill the goods and then was silenced somehow. And I found this a pity because I was really getting into what i was reading, was really getting into the character of Jonas and his development and growth and maturity. He was stunted as soon as he began to grow up and gain some understanding, and this is the main reason I gave this book 3 (actually 3.5) stars.Perhaps the reason it was all cut so short was because it was a book that was also meant for children...but that doesn't seem like a good enough reason. I just felt like, Don't take me somewhere unless you're going to take me all the way. Don't abandon your reader...I felt I was abandoned as the story was tied up at the end with a very messy and strangly metorphorical ending. The book was not metophorical to begin with. It's too bad, because I really was starting to sink my teeth into it![..] I read the book myself about 3 times...and I just flat-out disagree. The author painted  extremely innocent characters who didn't know what was considered taboo by OUR standards...and in truth, there also wasn't any kind of overt leaning toward any kind of sexual orientation. There was no weird nudity. Children volunteering at a nursing home and tending to bathing the elderly is not what I would consider sensual. A male child taking his shirt off to be more in touch with his surroundings is not a sensual thing, but rather unself-consious...why would it be otherwise???Whoever criticizes that is kind of missing the point anyway: There was NOTHING sensual in this book...if anything, the author made a point of creating a society that was sensually stunted and out of touch in that way, and actually took pills to remedy those cravings in order to never look at them again. So...what's all the fuss, people?"
"The title of the book that I am reviewing is The Giver, the author is Lois Lowry, and I gave this book 5 stars.  This story is about a 12 year old boy named Jonas and his journey into becoming a man.  I gave this book 5 stars because you can really get a feel for what the characters are feeling.  There are many packed into this wonderful story.  Lois Lowry created a totally different world and she filled in everything you need to know to understand how Jonas and his friends feel.  Once you get to the middle of the book you feel like you actually live where Jonas lives.  In this time period there are no colors, no choice of jobs, when you become 12 you are offically an adult and age no longer matters.  With each year there are different perks, like when you are 10 you get your first bicycle.  Every family unit gets two kids, a boy and a girlm the parents a child has are not the people that geave birth to them Birth Mothers have all the kids in the village. Everything is assigned and nothing is a choice.  There are only a certain amount of new children (babies) in the community each year.  If there are too many new children the ones that weigh the least get released or killed.  When your children have grown and they leave you house you go to live in the house of the old, then once you have been there for a few years the workers there preform you release (they kill you).  It is a very sad way to live but that is how they do things in this time period.  There are many different jobs in the community.  One for almost every interest you have.  When Jonas is assigned The Reciever of Memory, the most respected job in the community, he is frightened.  He meets with the Giver, the former Reciever of Memory, to recieve memories of the past.  All the memories he gets to start out with are all happy memories.  Then once he has been recieving memories for about a year the memories start to get scary and painful to witness.  The more memories Jonas recieves the angrier he gets with the life he lives.  He wants to live with emotions and colors he doesn't want to live a miserable life anymore.  He and the Giver are the only ones who know what life could be like, but they know they can't change the way the community has lived forever.  Since they know they can't change the ways of the community they have to take matters into their own hands.  Jonas plans to run away and take a new child that was going to be released the next day.  He and Gaberial (the new child) run away to find a better place to live.  They travel for days and days until Jonas hears music and he knows they have found refuge.  I am a 12 year old that loves to read.  Other tites that I would recomend are Gathering Blue, The Messenger, and the Harry Potter books."
"4.5 of 5 stars - Highly RecommendedOver the past two days, I finished reading The Giver.  (There are no spoilers here.)  This was a great book.  Today, many assume that higher degrees of efficiency of a society and its members are intrinsic goods for the advancement of the human specie.  Brave New World is one book that takes that assumption to an extreme, and notes the perversity and inhumanness that result from such an extremely efficient society.  The Giver is another such book, one that is less dark and less explicitly bitter than BNW.  The settings and plots of these hyper-efficient societies are different enough that make both books interesting and poignant reads.  However, as BNW is definitely suited exclusively for an adult audience, The Giver is enriching to both adolescent and adult.  And whereas BNW is science fiction mixed with biting satire, The Giver is more of a lighthearted science fiction with a hint of fantasy -- the way in which the Receiver receives his experiential knowledge.The protagonist of this story is an early adolescent, as the author's hope seems to be for young readers to try to relate to Jonas.  This book is a good teaching tool that one can use in trying to teach younger (maybe even older) ones to think more critically about life, to break out of the sphere of popular culture in which so many young ones are comfortable, yet suffocating in ignorance.  The author's writing style is crisp and lucid, the way that I prefer my authors to be.  I give this book 4.5 stars, but I'm rounding up.  My only complaint is that I disliked how open-ended the ending is.  I appreciate the author's desire to be artistic and ambiguous, but I felt that for this type of young adult's book, she should've made a stronger sense of closure.  Aside from that minor complaint, I enjoyed reading this book, and the author kept me engaged from beginning to end."
"=  Thought ProvokingReviewer: H. D. from Quaboag Regional, VHS  I thoroughly enjoyed reading Lois Lowrys novel, The Giver. The book details the life of a young boy named Jonas. He grows up in a safe, sheltered community of conformity where all his decisions are made for him, and enjoys the simple life of following orders without independent thinking. He has no idea what else the world has to offer, until he meets the Giver. He opens Jonas' eyes to the wonders and the pains of the world that had been kept from him. Then a big decision comes his way, and he looks to the Giver to help him shape the rest of his life and find out what living really is.  I was deeply engrossed in this book. Lois Lowry vividly created the Community and brought it to life. The morals presented are applicable to everyday life. The issues expressed are some that most of us never consider, taking the freedom of our lives for granted. This book explored questions like, where would we all be if we couldnt remember our pasts? What would the world be like if you couldnt understand love? Should any organization have the authority to demand conformity? As Jonas had to face crucial decisions, the reader was able to consider their feelings and learn some important life lessons.  My only complaint with the book was that because I was so interested in Jonas, I wanted to know if he was able to live the life he hoped for. The reader is able to draw inferences and assume what Jonas life would be like, but I would have enjoyed a more concrete conclusion after such a thought-provoking novel. I think everyone should read The Giver and take part in Jonas journey towards a life of freedom and individuality."
"The book The Giver is a fun and interesting novel. It tells of the future being a perfect place. There is no pain, no colors, and no freedom of choice. Everything is just sameness and nobody can judge any person because of their differences. In every community, there is a person who holds all the memories of pain and pleasure. Every once in a while, a twelve year old would be chosen to be the Receiver of Memory Jones, the main character of the book, is chosen to be the next receiver of memory. At first, he was very scared because the person who announced him being the receiver said that he will experience pain. When he started his first day of training, he felt it wasnt really bad. On the first day, he met the trainer who calls himself the giver. The giver is a very old man, and he is very kind to Jones. Jones now finds himself learning about the true meaning of life. My favorite part of the story is when the giver gives Jones the memory of a really good Christmas. The memory is described as a very warm and loving memory. Through the memory, Jones saw a fireplace, windows with snow outside, and grandparents. That day was the first time Jones has ever seen children with their grandparents. I liked that part because it shows the true love of humans. That was my favorite part of the book so far. That reason why I chose this book is because my brother suggested it to me. He told me that the book was good when I was in fifth grade. But at that time, I didnt really like to read, so I abandoned the book. Then this year, I finally realized that reading is fun, so I checked out the book from the library. After I started the first page, I liked it. So now Im almost done with the book."
""" Jonas... you will be trained to be our next Receiver of Memory. We thank you for your childhood."" "" Jonas"" it was a whisper at first... Then louder, faster. ""Jonas, Jonas, Jonas"". The Giver written by Lois Lowry is set in the future in a place where there is no snow and no sunshine. Life is bland. People have forgotten how to see color. Life is perfect with no sorrow, hunger or war. Unlike our world today in Jonas's world there are no choices. Your role in life is assigned to you. The main character in this book is Jonas who at the age of twelve is assigned the task of becoming the next Receiver of Memory. Unlike the others Jonas is different. He begins to see color and understand the true meaning of pain. Jonas has two friends whose names are Asher and Fiona. Asher puts a bit of laughter into The Giver. "" I want my smack!"" he once said instead of snack.  The theme of the book is about ignorance. How Jonas's community does not want to look back and instead they place the burden on The Receiver of Memory. The Giver is about Jonas who at his assignment ceremony is given the task of the Receiver of Memory. He is trained by The Giver to receive memories. Even though this book's world is so different and unimaginable to compare to ours it warns you of the dangers that could happen. Although I could go on and on about how The Giver is such a great book I would recommend you read it yourself!P. S. - It has won the Newberry Medal for the most distinguished contribution to American literature for children.  Rewiew Written By: Hafiz Dhanani  Other Reviewed Books:  The Doomspell, Cliff McNish"
"I really enjoyed reading this book. In fact, for what may actually be the first time ever, I even enjoyed the Introduction by author Lois Lowry. This review does contain some small spoilers, such as laws of the community and practices therein.Lowry was well before her time with this book, as evidenced in the upsurge in dystopian literature these days. Written in 1994, The Giver tells the story of a pseudo-perfect society where there are many rules, and most people don't break them. It is rare to have a criminal, though there is mention of it - and there wouldn't be rules/laws if they weren't needed. Words and language used is precise - you aren't allowed to speak in generalities, and you don't accidentally use the wrong word for something - and these rules are taught at a very, very young age with a discipline wand. As you get older, you are told where to go, what to do, and when to do it. You are to act the same as everybody else. Everything is decided for you by the Elders - who were chosen by the Elders before them and back and back and back - and they make these choices very, very carefully. They decide your vocation, your mate, the name of your allotted two children - one boy, one girl, what you eat, what you wear. Because it is the same for everybody - except for your vocation. There are no real familial relations to anybody else in the community. No emotional bonds to anything.Then there's young Jonas, seemingly a perfect fit in this almost perfect society. But does he??The Giver is an intense, extremely moving, deeply emotional story - and a very interesting concept when it comes to memories and history, and how we use them to gain wisdom, clarity, and guidance."
"The Giver In Jonas' world, there is no pain, almost no memory, no color, poverty, no wrong choices, and no bloodshed. Jonas is given one of the most important jobs, the Receiver of Memories. The job is very painful but is also very important. He has the ability to get memories from the Giver. These memories come from the past way before their time, and the Giver keeps them and gives them down to the Receiver and then when the Receiver gets all of the memories, he turns into the Giver. I would recommend this book to people who like books that have tense endings. This book has a good climax. At the end, Jonas had the choice of taking his brother Gabriel past the mountains and or waiting and telling the Giver about it and letting Gabe getting released. He chose to take his brother past the mountains. Then, it all came out to be a dream. This book also makes people think about how hard life would be if our life were like that. In the beginning, a pilot makes the wrong turn and scares everyone in Jonas' world. Just for that, he got released. Also, if a birthmother births twins, one is released because they don `t want to see two of the same people walking around. The book has good themes such as the importants of memory. The only memory keeper in the book is the Giver. Without anyone else having memories, there is no wisdom. This book is pretty seamless, but the theme is very well thought out. Like I said before, the importants of memory is very important, without it there is no wisdom. This book is really well thought out and planned, so if you like books like this one, you should read it.J. Conner"
"Im not really sure how much I can say about this childrens classic that people havent already heard. Obviously, its a pretty clear origin point for many, many later dystopian stories, and its themes are fairly similar to much of todays dystopian fare. Jonas is a young, impressionable, and hopeful protagonist who quickly grows disillusioned with his society when some ugly truths come to light. The social structure consists of the familiar few, older authority figures who control people through constant, 1984-style observation and rigorous, lifelong conditioning.Theres nothing much in this book that would surprise any reader today, given how popular dystopian has become in the last few years. But I can see how it would have been fairly groundbreaking childrens literature way back in 1993 (when I was, believe it or not, one year old).Really, I cant complain about anything in this book, although I will admit I didnt find it that spectacular. The writing style didnt really grip me, the characters werent that interesting (although they werent too boring), and the plot was fairly simplistic despite the somewhat heavy-handed thematic overtones.In other words, it was a childrens book through and through. Not something I usually pick up. Not something I would have picked up had it not been hailed as a classic.There isnt anything wrong with it, per say, given what is is: a didactic childrens story that teaches an important lesson about the nature of sacrifice and the human experience.So Im firmly on the middle ground with this one. Its all right, but its not something I found particularly compelling or ingenious."
"When I first received this book, I thought it looked boring.  But I am so glad that I gave it a chance!  The back cover description really doesn't tell enough about the story.  But that's why I'm writing this review.  So you can know just what the story is about (free of spoilers), and my opinion on it.Jonas is a boy who lives in a community where everything is structured and in control.  Babies are birthed by birthwomen, named, and given to couples with only one girl and one boy in each family.  Jobs, husbands, and wives are assigned by the leaders of the community.  Children are not allowed to ride bicycles until they are ""a nine"".  All of the people of the community have lives planned out for them, and they can have only as much knowledge as they are allowed.  In this strange world that these people live in, there is only one person who knows of the beauty of originality and love: The Receiver.  He must bear the weight of all the glorious memories of life and the painful ones of death for the entire community, even if it means that he will be the only one to realize how truly emotionless everything is.  When Jonas is assigned this job, he must learn these memories from the past Receiver, who, since he is no longer receiving, refers to himself as ""The Giver"".This unique and entertaining page-turner is unpredictable, and will keep you wondering.  Just when you are content with all that's happening, a new twist makes you wonder and keeps you reading.  This book was very detailed, though the ending was slightly foggy for me.  And it actually pulls you in, and almost makes you feel what the characters are feeling.  I recommend it to all readers!"
"With the movie coming out i thought i would gjve this book a read. Perhaps you need to read the entire quartet in order to appreciate it. That being said, I still couldnt wait to see what happened next, and I will read the rest in the series."
"Full of innocence! This story shows you a world that could be considered ideal through the eyes of a child! It makes you grateful to have choices but also makes you yearn for a world lacking pain, hunger, and suffering! Could not put it down."
"I read this book for school. I thought it was a little too short, and the ending was bad. when i finished the last page i actually thought parts of the book were missing. but otherwise it was fine. it also leaves you with a load of questions."
"The Giver is a pastiche of other books and stories,  highly derivative in most ways but overall a worthy contribution to the dystopian genre.  It's a good starter book on the subject.  It is instructive, as all dystopian books are, to warn the reader of the results of a totalitarian mindset, of the end result of Plato's Republic.Totalitarianism can take several forms -- today it exists chiefly in communism (e.g., Cuba), cult of personality (e.g., North Korea) and religious fanaticism (e.g., Iran; Saudi Arabia) -- but the basis is always the insatiable impulse of need to control others.*Books from which The Giver freely borrows its plot and theme are:Brave New World - manipulation of the very young to determine life course; use of drugs to control behaviorWe - the existence and structure of the totalitarian community1984 - monitoring and control of the community; systemic and systematic lies to maintain controlCatcher in the Rye - perception by the adolescent that adult life is filled with phoniness and liesThe Lottery - near-random determination by the community of who should live and who should dieThe Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas - the rejection of unjust sufferingAnthem - flight by those who reject totalitarianismJonathan Livingston Seagull  - perception of being different, and rejection of the group*  Due to the constitutional structure and culture of liberty of the United States, the most that the totalitarian impulse has done so far is impose punitive taxes and heavy-handed regulations, and demonize non-conformity (i.e., political correctness)."
"There is so much that is intriguing about the story. We learn through the eyes of a boy, Jonas, about the way the society is organized and the rules by which all carefully abide. At first it seems a pleasant place, where everyone gets along, fears are dealt with and solved, children are excited about their next yearly advancement - from smaller buttons on their coats to getting a bicycle to finding out what they will do the rest of their lives. The elderly are treated with gentleness and compassion, but in one of the first descriptions of the home for the old, we hear just a bit about the ceremony of release, which all of the old celebrate when they reach a certain age. This concept is what first alerted me to the idea that all was not as sweet as Jonas thinks they are. By the end of the book, Jonas has become fully alert to what his community is doing to assure tranquility.The final blow that alters Jonas's confidence in the community is the true nature of the release. Sadly, this made the book move from an interesting alternate society to a book that made me regret reading it.I was confused all along about the lack of colors, and why the Giver transmitted the memories as he did, and why the memories left when he passed them on. The book would have been better, in my opinion, if these matters were explained, and even altered if explanation wasn't possible. There not being mountains or colors was too heavy-handed a symbol of the flat, colorless society. The ending was unsatisfying, and because of the nature of the release, even though I suspected that all was not as it seemed, I was still shocked by the cruelty.  The book could have been better."
"Imagine a world where the greatest pain in your life was a mere scrape on the knee or a thumb jammed in the door.  A world where everyone was the same, there were no choices, and everything was under control.  A life free of worries or fear.  The Giver by Lois Lowry describes this ""perfect society"" within its pages.  The Giver does a great job of describin the many consequences of this perfect society in an exciting and easy to read book.  Lois Lowry proved that good authors do truly use their imagination in her description of society in The Giver.  She goes into thorough detail describing every function and the many rules within the society.  She also uses an exciting storyline to give information about such a society.  Lowry also uses her book to include a message about our world.  This message is of how we need conflicts, emotions and even pain to live a thourough life.  She tells of the many disadvantages to a ""perfect society""  Lois Lowry does do a great job with her details in her book.  However, The Giver is not the book for very high level readers.  It is written with simplicity, readers from grades six and above would most likely be very capable of understanding this book.  However I believe many of the older would enjoy reading about the many concepts that are introduced.  Many of us would most likely be able to realize the drawbacks of an attempt at a ""perfect society"".  However The Giver gives us an insightful simulation of one of these societies created.  It is an easy read, therefore good for all ages.  I would highly suggest reading the giver to everyone who wants to expand their thinking on society."
"This was a great book. It brings you into a very different world from our own, but a world that seemed pretty similar at first. Then it strips away the thin layers one by one until you are horrified by the end of the book. It seems so innocent at first as you get to know the characters. Then you slowly discover just how weird the world they live in is. Everything is controlled and regulated. There is no pain and everything works like a well oiled machine in their society, but that's only for the ones who fit in and follow the rules. Everyone else gets released. I wont tell you what that means because wanting to find out was a huge factor pushing me through the story as I read it.This is easily one of the most interesting books I've ever read. The world Lois Lowry creates in this novel is like nothing else I've ever read. I loved how the world just slowly creeps up on you. The more you read the creepier it is and the more you realize how messed up everything is in the place the characters live. It was a very light easy read but slowly unraveled a complex and cringe worthy story world that leaves you turning the pages faster and faster so you can dive deeper into this world and find out just what the heck is going on.I really liked the main character Jonas and discovering the secrets of his world with him as I read through the story. I loved rooting for him and feeling for him. Seeing him react to things that in his society would be unimaginable was awesome. His journey to the truth was a great one to witness. I can't say enough about this wonderful little book and I don't want to spoil any of it so that's where I'll end my review."
"I had not read The Giver before starting it with my 9 y.o. son.  It quickly became clear to me that this book was going to bring up lots of topics for discussion.  As a parent, you should decide if your child is ready for some of those topics, including conformity, free will, behavior modification and infanticide.  If they are ready, you will thoroughly enjoy what this exceptional story has to offer.  I only gave pause in one short section when Jonas describes a dream he had involving his friend Fiona (""Stirrings""), primarily because I wasn't prepared for it.  After that, I actually finished the book in one sitting after my son had gone to bed, just to make sure the rest was appropriate for him.  We then finished the book together.  What I found most profound about this book is that the society described and those governing it are not blatantly evil. There is a subtlety to what is happening that makes it both scary and very realistic.  Another person who commented said the inhabitants are happy and satisfied with their society - I disagree. The inhabitants act that way because they are drugged.  It's true they willingly take those drugs, at least most do. But they really don't have the capacity to be happy or satisfied, do they?  Old people in this society are treated with great respect and care, but they are also then ""released"" instead of being permitted to die of natural causes. Good? Evil? The discussion can easily go both ways. That's true for almost every topic that the author addresses.I'm looking forward to reading the other 3 books of the quartet, and yes, I plan to read them before reading them together with my son this time."
"Choices. Change. Love. Pain. Sensuality, growing up, becoming an individual, being DIFFERENT. Lies, overprotection, and even murder.  Now tell me, how could such a book not be completely enjoyed?! The first time I read it, a couple years ago, I didn't comprehend the REAL meaning of this book...(or should I say several meanings?) To put it simply, I just didn't get it--especially the ending.  At first I thought it was completely stupid..I mean, THERE IS NO REAL ENDING! How in the world are we supposed to enjoy that, Lois Lowry!?  Hahaha.. what was I thinking? Now I take that all back.  Upon reading this book again and actually analyzing it in my Language Arts class, I got a MUCH deeper meaning.  The dying elephant memory that Jonas recieved could represent the MEMORIES, which are dying. (what do elephants have? a GOOD MEMORY.) I NEVER would have come to that conclusion until we had a class discussion...  I've discussed this book with several of my friends and we all love this book. It covers all the topics we have/will come across in this world--in the past, present, and most likely the future.  Perhaps Jonas may have traveled in a large circle back to his own community where the memories were released and things were back to normal with both love AND pain...Perhaps the music he heard was the Giver finally joining his beloved Rosemary. Who knows? This is a great book which made ME certainly think: would I rather live a life with color, music, love, pain, war,and  hatred... or one without? The answer can only be up to you, along with the ending, which is one of the several reasons I have debated, reviewed, and loved THE GIVER."
"This report is summarizing and analyzes the science fiction book The Giver. The Giver was published by the author Lois Lowry in 1993. This book begins in a Utopian society where people are all the same.The main character is Jonas who is about 12 years old as a teenager. The next part is where Jonas is about to receive his assignment that is special. His friends and family are nervous about it in the society. Jonas receives the special assignment the Receiver of Memory. The major characters of this book are Jonas, Lily, Asher, The Giver, The Chief Elder, and Jonass mom and dad. This tone of the book is really sad because theyre not good memories.During his training, Jonas meets The Giver who transmits the memories for the whole society to him. Jonas receives good ones and bad ones; sometimes he feels pain in these memories. He starts asking questions and finds out many negative things about this society. He tries to change his society for the better.The author achieves her purpose by telling us about where a society has no color. The writing sometimes is a little confusing, but I thought the descriptions were really good. The strengths and weakness of this book is that they have memories; the weakness of it is that they cant see color. My overall response to this book is that I found this book really interesting. I would recommend this book to others because it talks about the society and their life. What I want to emphasize my reader about The Giver is that this society is different, with no emotions, and Jonas receives memories. If you like to read books about different kinds of society, then The Giver is for you."
I thought that the book the giver was vary intriguing. It was set in a time of peace and health ware the society that a boy named Jonas lived in was perfect. Jonas who was a who was a young boy was given at the age of 12 just like every other child at 12 an ability to get him by in his life kind of like a job. Jonas was given the gift of memories and he was able to feel unlike any other child in his society.  The fact that the society was perfect in the book was probably the most interesting to me. That is not of the norm that it grabbed me right away it took me in to the book and made me imagine a society totally and completely different form are own it kind of in a way made me wish that that was how are world worked also because it was so well written. When Jonas was given the gift to use memories and was able to feel like all of the humans in are world feel every day it was kind of like some sort of culture shock to me that every on but him could not dream or feel. It was vary sci fi also and I enjoy books that have to do with the abnormal the interest me the most. It was kind of like reading what another alien type society might be like on another planet. I felt that this book was vary well written any book that can catch a persons attention who normally dose not read that much like it caught mine disserves a great book review. I felt that it was vary exciting from the begging to the end and I never stopped paying good attention to the reading. I enjoyed it a lot and I realized that this book was not like any other of Lowis Lowrys books and was written a lot different it kind of unique in a way I enjoyed it a lot and I give it 4 stars.
"Jonas, a boy on the verge of becoming a twelve, lives in a society where everything seems perfect.  People feel no pain, everyone gets along, uniformity is celebrated, and everyone is happy to follow the society's norms.  However, Jonas is nearing a huge milestone in his life, which will shake his view of the world around him. As children in the society reach the age of twelve, they are assigned to the careers they will work in until they grow old.  Jonas's task, which is chosen by the community's Elders, is a very important and honorable position.  This task will send Jonas on a path that leads to self-discovery, self-awareness, and forces him challenge everything he has ever known.  Jonas sees his family, his friends, and his whole community differently.  He begins to question the Elders, the ways of the society, and what is right and wrong.  Events in the society leave Jonas with the biggest decision of his life, and he must choose to do what he believes is best for himself and the society. Lois Lowry depicts the dystopian society in great detail.  The work is written for teens, and Lowry definitely plays to that audience.  As a high school social studies teacher I think The Giver would be a great book to use in a sociology class.  It could be part of a more broad culture unit, and used to discuss social norms, variations from one culture to the next, and could also spark discussions about some controversial topics written in the book.  Lois Lowry's The Giver is an extremely well written and thought provoking work.  I would highly recommend this book to any teen or adult.  I cannot wait to read the rest of The Giver series."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is about a boy named Jonas who lives in a peaceful community where everything is under control. There are no choices for anyone to make, no sicknesses, no crime, every family is the same and happy that way. But there is one person who holds all these memories that the community doesn't have. This person is The Giver. When the children of the community become Twelves each december, they are all assigned as Assignment which would become their everyday jobs. Jonas was selected to be the Receiver of Memory. He would work with The Giver and learn that the rest of the world isn't like his community: perfect and peaceful. The Giver holds all the things the community doesn't have, such as: color, love, pain, mountains, sunshine, and many other things. Additionally, Jonas learns that the term, ""release"" really means murder. After a year of training sessions with The Giver, he and Jonas decide it's time to start letting the rest of the community start feeling the memories. So they come up with a plan. But when a new child that Jonas has come to love is applied to be released, Jonas is forced to leave the community and take the new child with him. You should read this book to find out the ending and what happens to Jonas and the new child. I recommend this book to everyone because it has a suspensful plot that keeps the reader interested. Also, The Giver has many climaxes that make the book more eventful. I think that not only kids would like this book; adults would enjoy it also. Overall, The Giver by Lois Lowry, was an excellent book with great lessons and I would definetely recomment it to anyone I meet."
"This book was amazing, It really gets u thinking, about the way we live in this world. And if there really is a perfect world. The end of the book is confusing, but u'll understand it. in your own way. I'd recomendthis book  for anybody!"
"Lois Lowry has created a terrifyingly regimented future in which every need is provided for.  There is no hunger (a child is severely reprimanded for saying he is 'starving'), everyone is exquisitely polite, there is no color, no music, no love, no pain and no choice.  Careers are assigned at the age of twelve, and if one's usefulness to the community is at an end, or a child is unable to conform to the community's expectations, he or she is 'released.'When Jonas turns twelve, he is chosen to be The Receiver and is apprenticed to The Giver, the repository for memory.  This is both a tremendous honor and burden, as The Receiver must experience every memory of the human race as passed on by The Giver.  As The Giver passes memories to him, Jonas begins to see colors, experience pain, and understand the terrible price the community pays for the Sameness it has elected.What Jonas and The Giver choose to do with this understanding makes for a thought provoking tale, and the ambiguous ending provides excellent fuel for discussion.  Dystopia is not a new subject for fiction, and this book has overtones of The Twilight Zone, The Prisoner, Logan's Run, Brave New World and Fahrenheit 451, but with a YA slant.  Excellently written, the truth about Jonas' world is gradually revealed and the reader is lulled into its rituals and celebrations before being slammed with the nasty truth about its ultimate nature.This was November's book club selection and while I was a little dubious at being asked to read a children's book, this was one of the better books on the list.  I'm looking forward to reading the other two books in this series."
"I read the book The Giver(a science fiction book)by Lois Lowry.I thought this bbok had many different outlooks on life.The Giver is about a tewlve year old boy named Joans.Joans lives in a so called ""perfect world"".In the community he and his family and friends live in, they  see everything in black and white.No one that lives in this community has  feelings either.In this so called ""perfect world"" a boy inhabits  a seemingly ideal world:a world without  conflict,proverty,unemployment,devorice,injustice,or inequality.Teenage  rebellion is unheard of and even good manners are a way of life.  When  the children in the community turn twelve they receive a life assignment  determined by the Elders. I thought it was sad the way that no one in the community could  feel love or know fear,or behave different from the rest of society.I hope  our society will never end up in such an existence.When I read this book,I  asked my self ...If things were always done that way,than why change?One  thing that I thought was very impoartant was how in The Giver they stresed  that happy feelings always come with sad feelings,and that love comes with  hate.Also,learning never stops.A question Lois Lowry asked in this book was  can people be happy without feelings?I thought about that question for some  time know.I don't think that you can be happy without having feelings  because happiness is an emotion.Readers will need to decise that question  for them selves. I really enjoyed this book!I think that any  person twelve or older should read it, just to get a different perspective  on life.I hope Lois Lowry writes a sequel to The Giver!"
"In my opinion the book The Giver, by Lois Lowry is a good read. There is an Orwellian feel to this book. If you liked 1984, then this is the book for you.The book The Giver by Lois Lowry creates a utopian society in which the main character Jonas lives. The community is based on the fact that every citizen has a purpose, and although this may seem as the ideal situation, each citizen serves only that purpose. This community is based on structure, not allowing for variables such as individualized birthdays or love in a romantic sense. The leader of the community is called the Receiver. The receiver holds all the memories of the community.  This is the most important job in the community.Each year a ceremony is held that determines the future for every 12 year old in the community. This is a bit extreme when you consider that most 20 year olds don't know what their future is today.  When the Ceremony of twelve occurs each child is given their assignment, and from then on they focus on the training of their assigned occupation.  Upon receiving his assignment Jonas is given his assignment as the Receiver. His job is important because the community trusts him to make major decisions based on his memories. Jonas accepts his assignment, although the more he learns, the more he hates his society. This book gives you a view at what the world could be if the phrase ""every man is created equal"" is taken to the extreme.  A world where the basics such as food and shelter are well provided for, yet the basics such as emotion and desire are non existent. This may seem idealistic, yet aren't those the things that make us human?"
"Lois Lowry wrote one of the best books of all time called ""The Giver."" The setting of ""The Giver"" is in a small village with no freedom. The people there do not have a choice of who they marry, what their job is and if they have children or not. Their world is so controlled that there is no pain. There are no choices. Their lives are controlled by other people. They have certian things they must do. The rules are strict. If you break three rules you get ""released"" (killed). If you are born different or special you get released.  They want everybody to be the same.  When young people have crushes on people they must take pills.  They take pills because they do not want men/boys and women/girls to fall in love or get too attached because chances are they will not get married to each other.  The word love is an inappropriate word in their society.  A long time ago everybody that was living in the society chose sameness as their way of life. From then on everybody is supposed to be the same.  One of the very odd things about this society is that they see in black and white.  Another odd thing is that they have never heard or seen animals.  One day Jonas, the main character, who is a very intelligent boy, finally turned twelve.  He went to the ""Ceremony of the Twelves.""  He got his job.  Jonas got the most important job.  Its called ""the Reciever of Memory.""  The Reciever's job is to take in all of the memories from the previous Reciever.  Jonas did not like his world.  One day he decided to leave and go elsewhere...""The Giver"" is a very interesting and expressive book. I recommend that you read it. It is a book filled with feelings."
"I read The Giver over ten years ago when it was assigned reading for one of my children.  I was impressed with it then, but now on the second reading I am even more blown away by it.  The Giver is truly a classic of American literature."
This book is one of the most thought provoking stories that I have ever read! I read it when I was in the 6th grade and I didn't get it... only after reading it again in highschool did I really see the wonderful creativity of this book.
"There is nothing like being stuck in society that is oppressive; recent events in the Middle East certainly typify this sentiment. The power of thought, and the risk of thought against a reluctant rule is the base of the wonderfully clever and thought provoking book, The Giver, by Lois Lowry. Lowry is compellingly able to dive into not only the mind, but the soul of a younge boy, now entering his own stages at become a man, Jonas, in a small but restrictive community, aptly named The Community. Assigned to his own perfect position, Jonas meets ""The Receiver"", translating to Jonas as ""The Giver."" What is revealed as the two, the young and the old, wraps to cover a relationship expressed through every intergenerational experience. Moving quickly from clich, Lowry attempts to escape all points the norm, but at times is subject to dismantling her moments of pure ecstasy and hope with often more sobering scenes of a disrupted society and human fault. This fact, tied with the stolid pace and writing style exhibited in the first few chapters, leads to a slight urge to drop the book by page 30, if not out of sheer frustration with a plot that seems to thin to become anything of interest. However one must stick out, as the themes and moments of desperation acted upon by every character begins to humanize the text, recognized by Lowry as she gains more confidence in her ability to deliver a more lively and, more importantly, emotional environment, allowing for all of her characters to thrive. The pages seem to rip by quickly once one has conquered the first 50 or so pages, and it is a sad time to close the pages, though hope remains in the air. One may find, as this reviewer did, wishing for a few more chapters, just to sink one's teeth into a story of whimsy and darkness, all combined in a harsh world of control. This psychological journey is certainly one to dive in feet first; just remember to breathe at times."
"Jonas lives in the `Community', a supposedly utopian world where everything is flawless. There are no good or bad, there is no hunger, no war, and no pain - a perfect world to live in. Jonas lived 12 years of his life without questioning the system and accepting things as they were. But when he is selected as the `Receiver of Memories' he starts to discover secrets which lie beneath the perfect exterior of his world which he rather would not have known. As he receives more and more memories his wish to explore the world beyond his Community increases. A compelling tale showing the courage needed to go against a set system to bring a change.The characters are perfectly described and none of the characters are bland. Most of the characters are accepting of the system of the `Community' and do not want to change it or are rather scared to go against the system. The main character of the book Jonas on the other hand is unsatisfied with the way things are and wants to see it change. Sometime before he becomes twelve he notices certain changes in his surroundings which he can't explain. When he becomes the Receiver of Memories he starts to understand the change he had experienced, change he which had made him feel free and not bound by rules. His longing to explore the world beyond grows stronger with each new memory he gets even though he knows it's illegal. My favourite character from the book would be the Giver who gives the memories to Jonas. Sad and melancholy in nature, he is the only one who understands Jonas' longing for freedom and even decides to help him escape.The book is a complete page turner and raises issues which force the readers to ponder upon. What if the world was perfect, a world where everything was same and without any conflict? Would we still long for the imperfect world? For the people living in Jonas' world the world they live would be a utopia but for the reader it is a dystopia where all things are controlled by one person, a world where there is no freedom of thought and talk of change is not endured. The people controlling Jonas' world to be perfect even the families are made so that they are perfect. People are made to think what the rules say are right. Even their profession is chosen by other people. This book shows us the imperfect world hidden behind the fake exterior of a perfect world.I recommend this book to all young adults. A book which would compel you to ponder upon the concept of the perfect world which we all wish for. If you liked this book you would also like The Seventh Tide by Joan Lennon and The Time Machine by H.G.Wells both of which deal with the same concept of utopia and dystopia.A memorable and thought provoking book which cannot be easily forgotten. A compelling read."
"A review about The GiverBy: Micaela Jazmin Castro Burciaga One amazing mystery with a touch of  adventure is a book called The Giver. I think that the cover will grab your attention because most of it is black and there is a little light. The Giver was created in the year 1993 by Lois Lowry I think that she made a really good book. This book is totally recommended to 5th graders and/or higher because you would know what you have in your life so far, that it's really good and because I read it in 5th grade. Well, The Giver is about a boy named Jonas gets assigned the most important job  in the small town he lives in, it's gray to most people, they use bikes, they are scared of air planes, it's a futuristic society and there is no freedom or choice. He figures out hidden secrets that hurt him and change his point of living. He changes for the rest of his life. Well as assured there is always a theme  and this books theme will for sure drive you in and read it, fight for your life and the ones you truly love, and make it the best you can make it where ever you are. Well of course you want to know everything in life like pain, cold , hotness, and other feelings about life and he feels good and bad , but I still don't know  why there is only one giver  but I'm not the author. My opinion about the book is that it is really , really good and sad enough to cry but with a really good but happy  ending. It's sad because of the really bad things that happen like his dad does to a one of the poor little twins with no fault and the dad has no feelings of his job. The author made it sound so real because of the description. Like when a twin was born and one had to go, Janos's  dad put a needle throw the poor little babies forehead and then the baby to shack, he gets thrown in a box and to the trash. It has a perfect ending because you can feel so happy yet you stay wanting more. It shows why you should appreciate what you have so far. Of course there is something I don't  like about the book and what I don't like about the book is the killing that goes on to the poor little babies or kids but it makes it better, and there totally needs to be another book. For sure but I still rate it 4.5 out of 5 total stars. Until there is anther book I would rate it 4.90 out of 5 stars. I hope you can read this amazing book and want more of it to be."
"Kelsey CosentinoBasking Ridge, NJVirtual High School The Giver by Lois Lowry is about a young boy living in what seems to be a perfect world with no flaws or anything that could ever hinder the sanctity of the community. The protagonist, Jonas, is about to turn twelve and receive his predetermined career, as everyone else in the community has everything chosen and decided for them. Jonas is selected to be the next Receiver of Memory, which is to be transferred to him by the Giver.  It is then that Jonas begins to understand the truth about the world outside of his ""perfect"" circle. It is also then that he learns that there is something terribly wrong going on in his community and it is up to him to make the biggest change of all of their lives. I am a high school senior and I have read this story twice in my career as a student. It's a very quick read, although a truly excellent one. The story is strange and completely original. The plot is constructed well from beginning to end, which I especially enjoyed because it was extremely thought-provoking. The end can be interpreted in several different ways, which is something that I personally look for in novels. I prefer stories that will keep me thinking about them long after I have finished them and The Giver was a great novel for just that, as my mother and I still debate over what ultimately became of the protagonist. However, because it is written for young adults, the actual writing and grammar can be a little weak at times for older students or avid readers. But as I said, what The Giver lacks in grammar it makes up for in content, as Lowry combines a common scene with a very uncommon situation, to create an air of folklore that is not to be matched for what could be a very long time."
"The Giver is a great book for all ages. When I read it for the first time in middle school, I thought the book was interesting because it provided a new and exciting way of life to me that I hadn't thought of before. A way of life where you had a strict set of rules telling you what to do, where you were assigned a career at the age of 12, where you were assigned a spouse and assigned two children: one male and one female. I thought it was interesting idea back then and I thought that it must have involved a lot of in depth thinking and planning and work. However, I didn't necessarily like the idea because I thought to myself that I want to be able to choose what I want to do for the rest of my life and I want to be able to express myself in any way I feel like. I don't want to be forced into marrying someone or told who my kids are going to be and have to raise them even though they aren't my own kids.When I read it just recently (I am now 18 years old) I realized that this is a simulated socialist society. It is a socialist society that is actually functional as well. People seem to be mildly content at all times. This functional society seems to raise the question: Why can't the world create the society? The answer lies within the stirring pills. Not only does this pill hold back a person's sexual urge, but it also suppresses a person's emotion, natural instinct, etc. These pills is what holds back the dentist or the doctor from demanding more compensation or money for his/her work than the construction worker. These pills suppress natural human emotions that cause problems but also good things to happen. When humans feel love they may do foolish things; but no human being would ever want to live in a world without love."
"Imagine a world with no hunger, poverty, malice, competition, hatred or war. Then imagine that world with no recollection of the past, no colors, no snow, no mountains, no sunshine, and more. Sameness. Complete order. That is how one would describe Jonas' world. Proves to say that there is no such thing as a perfect world...Everything and anything that you do are dictated by a council called the Elders. There are rules even for the puny little things. You cannot ask questions that will make it awkward for the other person, you have to use specific phrases for everything, you cannot ride a bike until you turn nine, you are not to lie, cheat or get jealous. One must take a pill when you reach the time of stirring or wet dreams to suppress the urges. You have a biological mother yet you will never meet her and she will never meet you. Cruel? No because in Jonas' community, they are called Birth mother, it is their job. A world where in you get released when you get old or if a newborn did not meet the community's standard for being healthy. A world where you are given a career at the age of twelve, a career that will be your until you grow old.I would have a really strong feeling of dislike for the people living inside Jonas' community if not for their innocence? ignorance? I cannot really describe how I feel, I was so conflicted. The plot was set further into the future where in only one person have the memories of the past and he is called the Giver, Jonas was chosen to carry these memories and is now called the Receiver. It is an eerier version of Pleasantville and a world with a lot of red flags for human rights violation and a community that would sure get swamped with activists of all sorts.I LOVE IT. The strangeness, the obscurity, even if their rules were so infuriating. It is a fascinating read. Definitely a classic. Something that you'll read more than once."
"If you appreciate the genius of 1984 &/or A Brave New World, you will also love The Giver. This is a sentiment expressed by other reviewers that I would like to echo. An important area where I disagree with other reviewers though is that just because the main character is a child, that that makes this a book only for children. Many very adult issues are discussed in The Giver about the direction in which the world is moving. But I am very gratified that adolescents are also reading this book in school. It will help them to think about the future and what kind of world they would like to inherit.The society described in The Giver leads ""The life where nothing was ever unexpected. Or inconvenient. Or unusual. The life without color, pain, or past."" (p.164) This is largely due to societies' conscious group decision, referred to as the ""Sameness,"" to eliminate pain through constant medication (similar to A Brave New World). While everyone is assigned a job in the community, and even a family to raise them (not their natural parents) from the time they are babies. There are no longer conscious choices to be made in life. Societies' collective memories of pleasure and pain are the burden of one individual: the Giver, who then passes on collective pain and pleasure to a child, who succeeds him. Old people also no longer have any use in society and live together in group homes until society decides to ""release"" them, a term that loosely describes euthanasia.The Giver is beautifully written and there are many amazing plot twists along the way. The world described by Lois Lowry seems deceptively utopian in places until shocking revelations are disclosed about the truth of the future community. The society described is also similar enough in places to the world in which we live today as to make the reader both uncomfortable and wonder about the collective choices being made in the name of social harmony. The Giver is a very important, prescient book."
"The Giver is novel about a community and a society optimized through governance by a strong central committee of elders, which are only briefly encountered in the book.The book focuses on one boy's transition from youth to early adulthood, Jonas.  Through his eyes, we come to know his family and community.  Everything is very structured and orderly.  People's careers and mates are assigned to them based on observance and psychological profiling for optimal fit.  Even reproduction is assigned to specific people who engage in sex for reproductive purposes.  Children are then raised by nurtures.  People chosen to rear children until they are two years of age, at which point, the children are assigned to families for further upbringing.  Once children reach the age of 12, they are assigned their careers and begin training.  The old are well cared for in retirement communities where care givers see to their needs.The high degree of structure is even found in people's daily lives where we find everyone eats sleeps, plays and works based on the schedules dictated by the governing body.  Families even have designated sharing time.  Where each family member is suppose to share their feelings based on their experiences during the day.At first, there is something seductive about this society.  People are well treated; there is no war, poverty or crime.  However, as we see the community through the Jonas' eyes, one cannot help but notice unsettling aspects to the community.  Jonas' mother's comments that no woman should want to be a breeder as these women are assigned to physical labor after three years of producing children.  The elderly are ""released"" when they reach a certain point in their lives as are small children whose behavior is too unruly.  The people seem to need the orderliness and any disruption in their serene existence results in almost child like responses expecting someone to take care of them.Jonas is selected to be the new ""keeper of memories"" a prestigious position awarded only when the old keeper is nearing retirement.  His first instructions are to discontinue sharing and he is given permission to lie.  This is the beginning of his introduction into the world behind the community's pristine faade.  He learns of love and his parents' inability to express it as the concept lacks the precision the community expects in language. Love is too messy to nebulous to truly be meaningful in the community.  His journey of discovery ultimately leads to death or salvation depending upon the reader's hopes.In my opinion it leads to death as Jonas' last moments in the book are too conveniently similar to the collected memories given to him.  Also, ending in death leads to a bitter poignancy.  The realization that his society has made him into someone that cannot hope to survive outside its rigid confines. His new memories are the only thing left from lives lived before sameness.Lowry's book is a brief, well written book on the dangers inherent in wanting too much safety, ease and convenience.  The result is a society with no pain, grief, longing or suffering.  However, there is no love, passion, joy or deep appreciation.  Life is functional, but not meaningful. The world has become gray, not because the people are color blind, but because they are numb from a society that protects them from being human.This book is excellent cautionary tale for our own society.  We have become a society afraid of any form of discomfort, and seek to isolate ourselves from it. In the pursuit of isolation we have separated ourselves from our extended families.  We text instead of greet.  We email instead of talk.  We have successfully insulated ourselves from each other, making for a safe, rarified environment bereft of the messiness that comes with real living.  Lowry shows us the final result of the decision to make efficiency and safety paramount and impossibility of breaking out of these chains once they are forged."
"Lowry scores my highest mark for THE GIVER: a capital A for AWESOME.THE GIVER appeals to my deepest being, going into emotional depths where I'm most aware, where I experience anger, sadness, and fear but also enjoyment, surprise, and love. Not only that but it stimulates and informs my intellect. It is such a gut-wrenching but ultimately happy story. It makes me --- at sixty-one --- feel like a boy again, a boy who thinks he can make the impossible possible, who might be able to help a dulled humanity feel more fully again. I believe all of existence waxes and wanes, ebbs and flows, evolves and devolves with a slow but ever-present upward spiral. This story addresses one community's wane, its ebb, its devolution. Jonas, as a member of that community, is selected to spend his time learning about his community's state of affairs. Then, as the story climaxes, he makes his choice and acts.Overall, Jonas is a ""chosen"" hero --- not unlike one chosen in natural selection --- who's unafraid to explore every facet of being, to admit not just the sensory input, but to experience emotionally as well as intellectually. He's brave enough, in the end, to try to escape the constraints of knowledge and experience that have crept into his community of origin. Such perversions are no less ugly than those of Nazism or those characterized in the great literature of the past--the stories of Bradbury, Huxley, and Orwell and others. This story informs those. Here we have a boy who wants to progress on to a new and better life, not just for himself but for the sake of his entire community. He wants them to have it too. He is willing to risk his life for it. For me, this is the purpose of literature, of life. It is man's highest virtue. To do good; to help others. As the boy in Carmac McCarthy's THE ROAD asks, ""Are we still the good guys?""The story makes it clear --- as do all great stories --- that morality comes by experiencing choices tending toward either good or evil and in having the courage to choose that which trends toward good or otherwise suffering tragedy. Jonas isn't ever over-inflated with pride. He retains humility in learning, eventually hoping for a culture beyond his limiting one.Critics suggest the book's climax presents ""a symbolic faux-death event"", as if that would somehow be a bad thing. But I don't read it that way at all. Its literal language doesn't so read. Two children literally coast into a more abundant realm, still alive, still aware. Ready to receive and to give.Further, critics complain that Lowery fails with THE GIVER because Jonas's community isn't based upon a real world of its author, as if a symbolic or hyperbolic one of the imagination is flawed, or somehow a weakness. To the contrary, in the progress of mankind, imagination becomes truth. Or, as in the fanciful words of Ursula LeGuin's character, Genley Ai, truth is a matter of the imagination. What is ultimately in the realm of mankind is what was first imagined well and then subjected to free agents who acted upon it for good.THE GIVER presents a degenerated human power structure. How or why it has degenerated is not important in its overall scheme. It kills people, the ultimate evil. "" . . . twins are being born tomorrow, and the test results show that there are identical."" ""One for here, one for Elsewhere . . ."" This is not ambiguous. It's not an issue of unborn or near dead. It is out and out, clear-cut, calculated murder. It's Bergen-Belsen, Dachau, and Auschwitz, but on a more massive scale.At the same time, the human power structure that has chosen wickedness ironically chooses Jonas as the Receiver. There are two things Jonas has that are vital. The first is his ability to choose freely. Everyone has that. All his contemporizes have it and utilize it. The other is knowledge and experience. It is this later that the others are lacking in great measure.There is no magic in THE GIVER, no smoke and mirrors as some have suggested, but only the issues of knowledge and choice. Every child is born with the ability to choose. Not every child lives with the ability to get  the necessary knowledge and experience required to choose well. It seems that to do so, to some degree, we have to be ""chosen,"" and then, even then, we have to choose to Receive it. But ultimately, what is most important, after all is said and done, is to choose to be a giver.THE GIVER."
"This story is set many generations in the future. The world described is in some ways like our own, but in many ways different. Jonas, the hero of the story, lives in a commune where life seems ideal. Each person has his place in the group and knows exactly what is expected of him. What is demanded rarely seems too much. The physical needs of each person are met and nobody goes hungry or homeless. The way people dress, the things they own and the houses they live in have conformity, so nobody is jealous or thinks overly much of themselves. People's mental well-being is looked after by rituals such as the evening ""Telling of Feelings"" and the morning ""Telling of Dreams"". In this apparently model world Jonas is eleven and waiting the December ceremony when he, and all his year, will officially become twelve. At that ceremony each child will be allotted a new role, which will be their career for life. As Twelves they will undergo an apprenticeship for that career, though their schooling will also continue. Jonas finds it hard to describe exactly how he feels about the coming ceremony. Will the Elders choose a career that is right for him? What will it be? Will he be a success at the task, or will he fail, as some do?This is a very interesting and exciting book, which encourages the reader to think about the society in which he or she lives. Is the way our society does things right? In what ways could it be improved? Of course in countries like Israel and Russia people have really experimented with living in communes. Were they successes and in what ways were they failures?The first half of the story rolls along at a leisurely but stimulating pace as we get to know Jonas' family, friends and world. In the second half the pace quickens as we are confronted with some emotional facts about the way the commune really works. These truths lead to exciting developments and a very well written climax.Jonas is described well as a character and he comes across as a quite ordinary boy who in many ways is much like us. The book demonstrates how ordinary people, when they act on their conviction, can become 'heroes' without really meaning to. The character of the old man, called The Giver, is also drawn quite well. In his personality we see someone who has born much pain, has thought much about what is right, and yet who in many ways is powerless to make changes for the good. Right answers are not always easy to come upon.This book can be read by children eleven and up, though I must point out that it covers issues which may be disturbing to the less mature. This would be a fine book for a school report as it contains much to be discussed and is at the same time a delight to read. This book is a winner of the American Library Association's Newberry Medal."
"While reading some of the reviews that gave the book less than five stars, I was simply shocked.  I loved this book.  I believe I have 3 copies at home, and I've read it at least 8 times.  Some of the reasons people gave for not liking the book were that the novel was confusing, they didn't like the ending, it didn't explain things enough, or (and this is the worst) it was ""disturbing"". I'm sorry, people, but that is the whole point of the book.I'll first address the fact that this book is confusing.  I think it is a valid point, the book does confuse the reader.  The reader goes into the novel with assumptions, and the author takes those assumptions and smashes them down the garbage disposal.  The frist thing you must realize is that this world is entirely fictional, but like ""Fahrenheit 451"" and ""Brave New World"", it is set in the future of humanity.  Any confusing events are there to make the reader think. If you are wanting a simple read, just to take your mind off life, I do not reccommend this book.  You are just one of those people that this book is against. The book is thought-provoking.  Lessons are revealed on many levels, and after many reads.  If you find the book confusing, stick with it, read it again, and again, and I guarantee it makes sense.The ending of the novel is just another method the author uses of involving the reader, making the reader think.  I won't describe it (you'd all hate me forever), but the ending is basically a fill in the blank.  It kills me every time I read it, but every time, I fill in the blank with hope.  You'll understand when you get there.  Basically, it is ambiguous for a reason.  The question the author is asking you is, how will you make the story end?  Will you give up your humanity for peace and contentment and boredom, or will you fight for your right to feel, and see, and think?As for the people who thought the author didn't explain things enough, just deal with it.  The author wrote the book the way the author wanted to write the book, and maybe the explanations have a reason for being ambiguous.  The novel isn't a detailed science report, it is a book with a message, and the author is entitled to whatever poetic license the author wants.  Think about the ambiguity and maybe there is a purpose behind it.  Facts that don't illuminate the message would just detract and confuse people.And now for the other point.  Granted, I only read one that said that the book was disturbing, but that made me so angry that I had to put down my thoughts right away.  The book is SUPPOSED to be disturbing.  If you didn't think it was, then you are disturbed.  But the point is to look at the disturbing parts.  It disturbs you to make you look at your life.  Are you the kind of person who would go along with this society that murders babies, murders those who don't conform? The message is about the price of individuality.  Don't just take a shallow view of this book.  If you want shallow, read ""The Boxcar Children."" This book is for kids, a lesson against peer pressure, but also for anyone who is willing to take the author's challenge and actually THINK for once."
"The Giver is a great science fiction book written by Lois Lowry.  This book is about a boy named Jonas and his family in a perfect world.  Jonas does not like this world but he cannot leave.  When the children become twelve they become adults.  They also get their first job.  Jonas's job is to become the Receiver of the town's memory.  This makes his life even harder.  Now he wants to escape.  I loved how Lois Lowry described this setting in this detailed book.  In one part of this book Jonas receives a memory from the Giver about snow, which Jonas has never experienced.  He feels the Giver's old, frail hand touch his bare back.  All of a sudden, Jonas feels the room grow cold.  He also starts to feel tiny pin pricks on his back.  He then realizes that the Giver told him it was snow.  I think that is a great setting description for that memory.  When Jonas learns about love, the Giver puts his frail hand back on his bare back again.  Then all of a sudden Jonas is in a warm room with a fire in the fireplace.  Then he sees multiple children and parents.  He turns and sees two elderly people.  He thinks to himself, ""This is an odd family unit.""  He feels something in the room but can't quite grasp it.  Then the Giver says that it is love.  I know this makes me want to read the book more.  A perfect world is not always good.  To make this a perfect world, they had to take out many things such as color, memory, love, hope, fear, and hate.  Imagine a world like this.  The author might like this world because she wanted perfection but I think that some people would not like this world.  I know that I wouldn't like this world.  The Giver has a strange ending but has an interesting twist at the end that makes it exciting.  I understood this book because of the themes.  For example, love cannot be artificial and a perfect world is not always good.  I also understood this book because of the settings. Without these in the book, I would be lost.  This book has good details and an interesting plot.  It was a good book because it made me feel differently about perfection.  I give it two thumbs up.  You should read this book too."
"The Giver related the story of Jonas, a child growing up in a world where ""sameness"" is the order of the day.  All actions, events and behaviors are well defined and regulated by ""the leaders"".  The ""leaders"" believe they have created a Utopian society of general comfort and well-being, good health and absence of fear.The fact remains, however, that this is nevertheless a human society and there are complications.  The basic animal urges of the human species must be managed. There are ""communities"" beyond this one's border with different practices and customs.  There are unforeseen events to be dealt with.  There are old technologies and practices that must be avoided to maintain sameness.  How to do that is managed through the office of The Receiver of Memory, a lonely and solitary member of the community who has been imprinted with all the historical, emotional and other human ""memories"" that need to be kept alive (for those who forget history are doomed to repeat it, a scenario definitely not in the game plan for this community).  He is a figure of great respect within the community whose role is to use his memories to advise the ""leaders' in times of crisis and/or confusion.Jonas' world is turned upside down when he is selected to become the next Receiver of Memory.  He not only experiences the pain and grief of all the long forgotten, yet stored memories-grief, starvation, war, hate and so on-but also learns the cruel tradeoffs and the intrinsic hypocrisy that the ""leader"" engage in to maintain their Utopian society.  And as he continues to train, Jonas eventually is faced with a situation that forces him to choose whether he personally can be part of the hypocrisy and deception that maintains that system.A thoughtful, well written, extraordinarily moving story with lovingly created characters, the Giver is a book that can-and will-offer philosophical challenges to readers of any age.One of the best books for younger adolescents I've ever read."
"""Welcome. We must get started. You're one minute late.""  As I said before, you are one minute late which means you missed the subject of my review. Well, I'll repeat it, but don't be late again. ""The Giver by Lois Lowry,"" that's all you've missed.  Ahem! Where to start...Ah I have it. The characters. Pretty interesting, and there are more then I list here: Jonas, a boy at 11 when you meet him, but yes, he grows an almost 2 years. He is a very curious boy who has ended up with a special life, to be the new Receiver in Training. What does he think of his highly honored job? Well, I won't give away what he does, but he doesn't prefer his honor. Asher, an interesting character, has had trouble with language ever since being a little kid. A somewhat humorous kid you will see. Lily, Jonas' sister is a very curious girl at 7 and always has something to argue about. After a little explanation of what she's talking about by her parents, the argument soon ends. His mother and father aren't as important as all , but still important enough. The mother (you never find out any of their real names) is a nice person who is in the Department of Justice. The father is a nuturer. A nuturer is someone who takes care of youngsters untill they are assigned a family unit to live with. He takes a child to his house and sneeks a peek at the naming list. The childs name is Gabriel. Jonas' father isn't supposed to have the child at their home untill that is decided by the other nuturers later in the book.  ""Call me The Giver.""  The Giver is Jonas' insructor. What he does is transfers memmories from the past from him to Jonas.  The setting (I thought) was an odd one. A community of sameness with no colors, feelings, that sort of thing. Well when Jonas is ""selected"" to be the new Receiver in Training, his whole life changes. He sees colors, he has feelings, he discovers books and so much more! Soon these feelings overtake him and because Gabriel is to be released from the community the next morning Jonas frees him from his misfortune. How you ask? Well, read The Giver by Lois Lowry to find out!"
"I thought that one of the most interesting elements in ""The Giver"" was the way in which the Giver introduced Jonas to pain. Lowry clearly distinguishes between types and degrees of pain. The first pain that Jonas experiences is the physical pain associated with sunburn. Jonas tells the Giver that he understands pain after feeling his skin burn. The Giver wisely tells Jonas that there are memories he must give Jonas that would be far more painful. Shortly thereafter, Jonas finds the Giver in anguish and asks if he can do anything to help.  The Giver asks Jonas to relieve some of his burden by taking a war memory from the Giver. Jonas lies on the couch and finds himself in the midst of a post-battle scene. Jonas sees and hears a dying man, bloody and thirsty, asking for water. Next he hears the moans of all of the men around him, some crying for death, some for mommy. Jonas could never have imagined such a painful place. The community in which Jonas grew up not only prohibited such pain, it made it utterly impossible for its citizens to comprehend or feel such pain. Jonas experiences physical pain in the sunburn and later in the novel when he experiences, contrary to the prophecy of an adult earlier in Jonas' life, actual starvation.  He experiences emotional pain in the transmitted memory of war, in the inability to be understood by his friends, and in the betrayal he felt when he learned of the underlying lies that were being used in the community he had grown up in without questioning.I rate this a 4-star book because I believe it is definitely better than average, it contains interesting ideas and concepts, and it deals with important and mature issues in a way that is accessable to a relatively young audience. I would have liked to read about what the effects of his ""stirrings"" had been. I also would have liked to gain some closure. The book ends in a way that leaves me wanting to hear more about ""what happens."" I respect the fact that Lowry leaves me to use my own mind to think about what would have happened and why. I only hope that Jonas didn't end up getting released."
"""The Giver,"" by Lois Lowry, is a novel about a perfect world that would never exist. The community in which these characters live in is surreal. Their lifestyle is based on what they are told to be and how they are told to live. This book has many themes and meanings. A particular theme is the study of folklore and cultures of different people.  In this novel, Jonas is the main character. He is a twelve year old boy who will be turning thirteen in a short time. He is excited about this fact, because in his community, when you reach a certain age, you are given a job that you have to perform for the rest of your life. When it is time for the ceremony, and the children are all given their job assignments, Jonas believes that he had been forgotten about. Surprisingly, he was told that his job assignment would be that of the Giver. Jonas was to go into training immediately. The Givers' job was to receive the memories of all the people in the community. All the love, pain, hate, anger, happiness, worry, frustration, war, hunger, and every other emotion possible, would be in the hands of Jonas. After some training, and Jonas' witnessing of his father murdering an infant, Jonas decided that it is too much for him and he decides to go ""Elsewhere."" This decision would be a very dangerous one, because no one was allowed to leave the community. Jonas does it anyway, and wonders what is waiting for him beyond his own community.  The Giver is an appropriate book for the study of folklore because it shows how memories are supposed to be passed from one generation to another, for a person to truly understand who they are and where they are coming from. The Giver shows us that for a community to survived and live normally there has to be a balance of emotions and no one person should be able to hold all these emotions and not pass them one. Although our world and communities are not perfect, it is more important that we know who we are, and we be able to love and hate and feel whatever emotion we choose, than to live in a perfect world filled with no emotion."
"When I first read the Giver by Lois Lowry, it was too much for me. There was too much discription, so I couldn't get beyond the first couple of pages. I put it back on the bookshelf for a couple of months. Later after I read through it, I found that it was one of the best books that I ever read.  In the Giver, Lowry did an excellent job of giving his readers a peek at a different culture where a council makes all of the big decisions of a persons life like who work what job (the job is the Assignment), when a he\she gets a spouse, and when the couple can start a family unit.  Jonas (main character) has lived in ""the community"" since he was born. In this community there is no color, no mountains or hills, and no great or evil events. Because of this, everything is neutral. Each year the children are given special privilages to represent thier age. At eight years old, they are given new bikes and are allowed to start community service. They work a certain number of hours in order to get their Assignment. At twelve years old, they are allowed to receive their Assingment that the Chief Elders chose for them as long as they completed thier community service hours. As an Eleven, Jonas was ready for the Ceremony of Twelve. Twelve isthe last age that is celebrated in that culture. Aperson who is twelve years old is then an adult. At twelve, the rest of the adult privilages are given to that person. At the Ceremony, Jonas was picked for the Receiver of Memories, which is the most important Assingment in ""the community"". This person holds all of the memories of the world before ""the community"" existed, when there was color, mountains, and great of evil events. These memories are too painful for the citizensof the community and noneof them are allowed to know the memories. Now his whole life is going to change since he can't communicate what he knows to anybody.  I like how Mr. Lowry showed the difference between ""our world"" and ""the community"" in more than just one way. People who like fiction and different cultures should read the giver by Lois Lowry."
"Dear Louis Lowry:I had just finished reading your book The Giver.  It was a very astonishing book I have read.  I like the background community you have built for the kid in.  Its so imaginary and adventurous, where you need to think about it before you imagine it.  I think the story was spectacular and makes you think if there is really a world in another dimension like that.  I think that the story resembles about a creator and his people, but then in the story its all perfect like nothing can go wrong and the weather is perfect at all the time.  It is a predictable society, like people know whats going to happen next in the future.  I like the idea you used like where the boy named Jonas has to help fix the society to make it imperfect cause people make mistakes and no one is perfect.  It was like Jonas was the chosen one like in the matrix where Morphous had to look for the chosen one which was Neo.  Jonas receives memories of both suffering and joy.  In doing so, Jonas also learns that his community does not truly experience real joy or real pain.  Jonas and the Giver are the only people who are able to see in color, and the only ones who can feel love.  When Jonas learns that the community actually murders those who fail to conform to its rules, he resolves to change things.  He and the Giver concoct a plan of escape for Jonas.  Because there is no one who is old enough to take Jonas's place, the community will then be forced to bear the burden of the world's memories. As I come to the end I find the book very interesting.  I recommend this book to everyone, and people who like to imagine a lot and go beyond their imagination.  I am very inspired by your literacy.  Also I hope to be able to read other book by you.  Your talent is very extraordinary, and I am pleased that I was able to read a book such as The Giver."
"The story takes place in a futuristic town, where the Elders Council make all the decisions and choices for each person, including life or death.  Everything in this town is too perfect and under control.  In this town  there is no war, pain, hunger, homelessness, love, sorrow or real feelings  of any kind, but while this might sound like something good the sacrifice  you make for it is not worth it to me.  The main character is a boy named  Jonas.  Jonas is quiet, follows the rules and has dreams of things he can't  explain or understand or share with anyone.  When Jonas turns twelve he is  selected to be the new Receiver of Memories or future Giver, then  everything in Jonas's life becomes different.  The Giver is a person who  makes sure the rules are clear,when asked for guidance, and the only person  who holds in his mind all the memories of history, life and feelings.  At  first learning the memories are painful and disturbing to Jonas because  having true emotions and feelings arenew to him.In a short time Jonas  becomes an eager learner but the knowledge causes Jonas to question the  society he lives in and now finds less than perfect.  The story made me  think how easy this could really happen here at any time if we don't pay  close attention to what is really happening around us.  People are always  trying to think up all kinds of rules so they don't have any problems. I  wish to God this never happens to us but if it does I hope I can get away  before it is to late. I don't want to live in a world where anyone  different is RELEASED. The book also made me sad after I realized what was  really happening and that if I lived there the day I just enjoyed at the  beach would never occur.  It also made me think that there are some things  in my own life that maybe I should work on so that no one would ever think  about RELEASING me.  I strongly recommend this book to others because it  really makes you think about your own life and how important your life is  to you."
"The Giver is a page turner; it was so good that I found myself reading it for hours at a time. Obviously, I liked it very much. The book is set in  the world of the future, a world that looks almost perfect on the surface,  but which is very difficult for some within it. The central characters are  Jonas and the Giver. Jonas is a  sensitive boy of twelve who is the  Receiver of Memory. It is the Givers's job to pass theses memories along to  Jonas. When Jonas gets most of the memories, it is very painful for him,  because he can see the real pain that happens in the past while others in  his community can't. Great efforts are made to keep the people of the  community free from things that can be ""difficult""-- such as  snow, sun, or any other extremes of weather. The people are also given pain  pills frequently if they feel any discomfort at all. There are no racial  tensions because the people in this society can't see color. Some believe  this is the best possible society. However, Jonas and the Giver realize  that to make things ""perfect"" incredible sacrifices are made. For  example, old people are put to death, and families don't have children--  they are given to them from the Nurturing Center. Babies who aren't perfect  are ""released,""  which means they are killed.  One of my  favorite scenes in the book is when Jonas escapes from this community at  the end of the book , and makes a run for his freedom from this very  controlling society. I was so glad for him, because I wouldn't want anyone  to live in that kind of place. This book makes the reader realize that not  having everything ""perfect"" is a very good thing after all.  I  gave The Giver the highest rating possible because it was written in a way  that kept me interested, and because it is really important for people to  realize that a ""perfect"" society isn't worth striving for. It is  much better to live in a world with lots of different people in it from  lots of different races, and just do the best we can to help those among us  who aren't ""perfect,"" -- in other words-EVERYBODY!"
"I liked the story as far as it went.  I guess I thought there was more to it from all the hype about the movie.  The characters other than Jonas and the Giver were a little one dimensional.  I suppose that was due to the society they lived in.  I was left with the feeling that this was only the beginning of the story and I really would like to know the end.  From that aspect, I was extremely disappointed in not knowing what happened.  I also thought I was getting the whole set when I purchased the Kindle edition."
"This book is intended for both YA and adults (I think that the adult will appreciate it more).  The author paints a pretty bleak,scary picture.  If you are enjoying the new Syfy series on Fox, about a new earth,you will enjoy this book.  The story isn't flashy, it might even be discribed as stark; but your immagination is all you'll need for a Wow of a time. Are we ""givers"" or ""receivers""?  The book might have only taken me a day to read, but the story has stayed with me.That makes it valuable to me. ENJOY"
"The book swirled around me for more than 15 years. I would pick it up and get sidetracked with projects and work. I finally decided to give myself a treat this Summer and downloaded it using my KINDLE app. I found myself reading page after page, finished it ans then read Lois Lowry's Newberry Award speech afterwards. So, what was next? I read Gathering Blue, Messenger, and Son all within a week. At a ripe age of 51, The Giver helped me rediscover the joy in getting lost in a good story. Thank you Lois Lowry."
"This is a utopian story that is written in a style and language understandable by all ages, even those as young as sixth grade.  The main idea revolves around the concept of a perfect society and what must be sacrificed in order to achieve that, most significantly personal freedom and expression.  A uniform, restricted, colorless, apathetic, malevolent society ironically results from the attempt to create an ideal community.  Younger readers may be particularly shocked by the lack of regard for human life."
The begining of this book was good.  It is a good idea for a book but it seems incompleat.  I had to read this book in 6th grade 2 years later i bought it so i could see why i hated it.  It's because at the end he is  just at the top of the hill looking down.  It needs to tell what hapens  next.  Some books that i read are like that except the endings are writen  so that you can imagin what happens.  The Giver just stops. I think the  book should be rewritten with a better end.  Maybe I will write a sequal.
"The Giver tells the story of a boy named Jonas who lives in a world with no color, crime, free will, or individuality, a so called perfect society. Jonas is choosen to become the giver, who is a person who stores all past memories of life. Jonas is given memories of what life used to be, which is what it is today and discovers war, pain and death. A really really good book that deals with reality and the choices of being oblivious and happy vs. realistic and having to deal with the hardships of life."
"This book was assigned as homework for my son's 6th grade class.  I also read the book to be able to discuss the book together.  He really enjoyed the book and it initiated many a conversations about science fiction books, science fiction movies, Nazis and different utopian societies.  I thought it was truly engaging and at every turn there was a ""what's going to happen next"" question.  We spent a lot of time discussing the decisions that were made by the characters and why they made those decisions."
"This book should be read by kids 11 and up. If you are an advanced reader with a strong stomach, though, as young as 8 1/2 would be fine.  It is set in the future. There is no pain or poverty, but there is also no choices or love. This is the story of a boy who had an amazing gift but was a child still. Despite this, he risked everything at the end of the book for liberty and safety for someone he loved. THis book leaves many questions unanswered. If you like this book, read Gathering Blue."
"This book started out being an extremely interesting and fascinating read.  In fact, all the way to the end I was captivated by the story. The reason for the  two stars is because it ended suddenly. It felt as though the author just simply ran out of ideas to have a proper ending and just stopped in the middle of telling her story. She could have done so much more with this book. I was just left hanging, wondering what the protagonist did to help the people (and his family) that were left behind."
"The Giver is a book about a boy named Jonas who lives in an utopian community without pain, crimes, colers and where everything's the same. What I liked most was the relationship between Jonas and the Giver. They helped each other to cope with the memories of wars or pain and joined the  memories of snow, sun and happiness. I would like to know what happened to  the community after Jonas escaped from it to show the people in it the  reality. Our reality. It's interestingt to think about it..."
"It was an easy read. It took me a couple hours and I'm a slow reader. It doesn't go in depth as much as it seems. If you want a better book that gives you the same feelings try  ""Brave New World"" or ""1984"""
"In this astonishing novel, a boy named Jonas is turning twelve years old. In the community of which he lives in, a celebration is held each time that you turn a year older. During the celebration, or ceremony you are expected to do a specific job or play a specific role. Adulthood is very important in this community because turning twelve is a big deal and it puts you up a step toward maturity. At the Ceremony of Twelve, you receive a job, or your role in the community. Considering Jonas is turning twelve this year, he is expected to get his role in society, along with his friends Asher and Fiona. Asher hopes that his role in society will be the one that has to do with taking care of kids and Fiona hopes that her role is the one that will have to do with taking care of the elderly. Jonas doesn't really mind of what role he gets, but he hopes that it will be something that will suit him well.  When the big day finally comes, Jonas gets a job that he will soon get to love. This role will suit him very well. He begins to learn things about his community and has a knowledge of things that only he and his teacher are allowed to know about. He also learns about the people who have been ""released"" from the community.  This book is both suspenseful and rush-fulfilling. In this book, you are always waiting for the huge moment of what Jonas's role in the community will be. Once you find out the role he plays, you will want to keep reading to see what will be the outcome of what he learns and how his experience will eventually turn out.-A.B.-"
The Giver is a very ordinary book which is not to detailed nor to boring. It shows how life in a eutopia has advantages and disadvantages. It passes time once you really get into it. I liked this book and would recommend it
"I think ""THE GIVER"" is a good book.  At first I didn't understand it , but then everything started to unfold.  The ending wasn't what I expected but then I figured out that I could make up my own Ending Its a must have book."
I recommend The Giver by Lois Lowry.  I would recommend this book because it was very different from all the books I've read but also very enjoyable.  Did you ever think you would be in charge of your tower when you turn 13.
"A small, thin novel, I read it within three days (I do have a life...really...). The world of ""The Giver"" is simple and easy, no choices to be made, no pain to be felt, everything is the same. So much so that there's not even any color to the world so there can be no distinction between anything. Once we learn the awful, terrible truth along with Jonas, it comes as a shock and makes us realize why this isn't such a good thing.Once again, a novel which makes me think, which I love. Individuality, choices, decisions we make, it's true, they could lead to war and violence and crime. But what do we lose in the process? Is relinquishing control to people who supposedly know better really a good idea? It makes me very grateful for the world as it is now, despite its problems; I enjoy feeling happiness and love, and I enjoy making decisions for myself, even if they are the wrong ones.I will admit, one thing I wouldn't mind from that community is someone assigning me a job; I've had trouble doing that for myself and finding something I enjoy. But even then I'd feel sort of like a robot...program me for the correct job and I will make the correct motions, no questions asked. Even if part of that program is something unforgivable.Ms Lowry did a great job in creating a community of people who are all stoic and sheep-like while still making them feel realistic, like this could truly happen in the not-so-distant future. It's a little frightening. Can you imagine apologizing for every tiny little transgression? Goodness, nothing would ever get done! ;)"
"The Giver is an excellent newbery that portraits a world unlike our own. That world is a well organized society where people are put into jobs by the Elderly and a happy, peaceful place. However, this world is dull in color and sound. This is a place that needs color and music. It also needs it's people to sense feelings and even weather: happiness, coldness, and disaster. A boy named Jonas has been chosen to hold these memories of the past, for his job is the Receiver ,from the Giver (pervious Receiver). But, now he sees how his world is dull in appearance and understanding, he's goimg to change it.  I highly recommend this book because of it's text. This book has adventure and lots of cliffhangers, which will make you want to just keep reading. I believe, one of the most important things this book is trying to help us understand our world. There are still many thing we haven't experienced like real starvation in poor countries or being bombed by planes.The Giver has helped me really understand our world.  My favorite part of this newbery is when Jonas is thinking about what he has learned as a Receiver. He started to think about the world's past (our world). He compared it to his world to our's and found out one thing: the other people in the community have no experience with real feelings. Once, his sister said she was very angry for a boy cutting inline for a slide. However, she has no idea what anger is, like Jonas. She  felt only shallow impatience, not true anger. This is why it is my favorite part."
"This is one of my favorite books, and I truly believe anyone who enjoys reading will enjoy this book, especially those who enjoy books such as 1984. The main character is Jonas who is chosen to be the new Receiver of Memory for his community. (The community is striving to be a ""perfect"" community and gives out life assignments to the children of the community when they turn twelve.) Jonas meets the Giver who is a truly remarkable old man who has all sorts of knowledge and memories which he passes slowly onto Jonas. No one else in the community has these memories of color, sleigh riding, feelings, etc. Jonas starts to hate the way his community is controlling the lives of those in it. He steals the child which his family was taking care of that was about to be destroyed and runs away. The ending of the book is very vague and ambiguous. It is up to the reader to determine Jonas's fate, and there is no right or wrong answer. Truthfully, I chose to go with a more positive ending. I believe he really did come across a town, not a memory, and that he will have the life that he so wanted, but others may chose to believe that it was just a memory he had before perishing. The ending is the only part of the book I believe may annoy the reader because it does leave the reader hanging and some people don't like that - some people need closure. Overall, what makes this book so interesting and intriguing is that it is very realistic. A situation like this could happen to us in the future. It's not too far-fetched and is a wonderful, non-boring read."
"The CDs are great! Using them with struggling readers, makes my job a lot easier. The only downside is the packaging does not indicate which chapters are on each disk, so you have to figure out that part as you play them."
"`The Giver', written by Louis Lowry is a fiction novel about a world which seems to be perfect...The world in which Jonas lives seems to be perfect, no suffer no grief no pain and no unemployment. Jonas will soon get an 'Assignment' at the `Ceremony of twelve', that meanshe will get a job. Jonas is chosen to get a job as the 'Receiver', who keeps all the memoriesof the past and those, which are withhold from the people of the community. When Jonas begins to receive the memories from the `Giver' he sees that this `perfect' world has its seamy side. People aren't allowed to have any feelings, any individualism, own thinking and fun. It is only a world, that works and those who don't fit to it, because they are too old, too weak or break some of  the many rules belonging to the community, get killed. When Jonas finds out that his little `brother' Gabriel (there are no real families, family units get allocated) will be released ( Release is an euphemism for killing) he flees after he talked to the Giver with Gabriel from the community.My opinion about the book: I like the topic of  the book, because it gives us a warning  about  how the future could look like if we don't care and of some dictators, who try to create totaliarianisms. So I liked the topic, but I didn't like how the author wrote it, because there are too many questions, that were not answered. Besides the whole book is a little bit too trivial and more for little children. Also in some points it is not realistic, but it is just a fictional book."
"Like ""Remember the Stars"", this kept catching my eye on those wire swivel racks in my elementary school library. But I never wanted to check it out -- what nine-year-old boy wants to read a book about an old man and ""giving""? Plus a pretentious award? No thank you.And again, like ""Remember the Stars"", I finally got around to reading it. The result? Well, it has good points and bad points. It's easy to read, but the story doesn't start until almost at the halfway point. Before that it's all world-building. Once you get into the ""giving"" that the complications start setting in. And they are good complications.But that ending... Oh, that ending. I hate, hate, HATE ambiguous endings. That stupid ""was it a dream or wasn't it?"" that belongs in art films and stories with no plot. 2001: A Space Odyssey, The Shining, The Matrix, The Black Hole, Inception, Half-Life. There's only two reasons to do that: the writer doesn't know how to end it and gives up or the writer wants to mess with expectations -- to create arguments and analyses. In either case, it's disrespectful to the reader. Do I truly believe Lois Lowry set out to do that? It's not outside the realm of possibility.But I'll say this. That ending soured me on reading any further books in the ""Giver"" series, and any books by Lowry herself even. Think about that, authors. A carefully, crafted exciting ending isn't as necessary as you think. The fun is in the journey, not the destination. But that journey needs to conclusion to signal that it's over."
"The Giver  by. Lois LowryThe Giver shows us that memories are important  to all individuals and societies.  In the book the community that Jonas  live in is strictly controlled by a group of elders.  The citizens have  very little decision making to do, all aspects of everyday life is  controlled for them, in the book it was called ""Sameness"".  Everything was the same because the citizens had no memories of what life  was like before they converted their life to ""Sameness"".  These  memories help people perceive the world and without them they are not  really experiencing a fulfilling life.  Jonas found this out after he had  been passed on memories by the Giver, he realized that his life had not  been whole and fulfilling without ""first generation memories"".  Memories play and important part in a culture because they make each  culture distinct.  In the book the culture that Jonas lived in did not  differ very much from the other communities in the surrounding area.  Part  of a culture is its folklore and stories of that kind and these stories are  passed on from one generation after another, there is no such passing on of  information to the next generation in the book and this creates somewhat of  a separation of each generation, even though the citizens do not realize  this.  Folklore give a culture color and wholeness and since part of  folklore is memory the society in the book did not have the color and  wholeness since there was no memories that were not ""first  generation"", there was no color and wholeness in the community."
"The Giver is a book that makes you think.  It demonstrates how revolutionary thoughts come to mind in a society where you are constantly watched and told what to do.  The Giver demonstrates a utopian society in which everyone follows the rules, and no one knows of anything different. The people of this city do not feel pain, or have emotions.  People of the society live without having their own opinion, and can not demonstrate how they feel in any way.  The people live with no purpose but to do their assigned role in the community.  I feel this books plot and setting are a masterpiece.  If you want to understand how a utopian society should work, it should help you understand how different societies could work; besides the capitalistic society we live in today. The story will helps visualize a perspective of a utopian society, and can bring out flaws in such a society.  It helps to understand political problems within such a government. Overall the story just helps in one to think better, and broaden knowledge of how a society can work.  This book broadened my view on society where everything is perfect, but it also showed me such a society could only work if the citizens feel no pain, or emotions.  To me it demonstrated how a perfect society like Marxism, cannot work in our world, because people do have emotions, and do want to voice their own opinion.  I recommend The Giver to young children, because it is an easy to understand the story.  I also recommend it to adults, because they can take the story's message on step further and give one a new perspective."
"Jonas is living in a controlled community where everything seems to be perfect. Everyone is the same. There is no color, emotions, and such to separate them from one another. Beginning and ending in December, every child born within that year is in a group together in which they all progress at the same pace. The newborn children are placed in a nurturing center until the next December comes along. Then they are each distributed to a family unit that has applied for a child after being cared for by The Nurturers. Family units have two children, a boy and a girl. Every year a ceremony in December is held that advances all children born in the same year up to the next age. In the Ceremony of One children receive names, Ceremony of Nine children receive Bicycles, Ceremony of Twelve children receive jobs, and so on. Jonas is nearing the 'Ceremony of Twelve' at which he and his group of Twelves will be receiving their assignments. After being presented to the community as The Receiver, the highest position of honor, he is to begin receiving his training from The Giver, who will give him memories of life's pain and pleasure. Jonas soon discovers that the community is not as perfect as he had once thought.  I enjoyed reading The Giver and gaining an idea of how cruel one would have to be in order to support perfection. The situations of our lives in this imperfect world that could not be prevented and the ways in which those situations were attended to in the controlled community were interesting to think about. I believe that The Giver is a genuinely entertaining book for all ages."
"The Giver is a book that makes you think.  It demonstrates how revolutionary thoughts come to mind in a society where you are constantly watched and told what to do.  The Giver demonstrates a utopian society in which everyone follows the rules, and no one knows of anything different. The people of this city do not feel pain, or have emotions.  People of the society live without having their own opinion, and can not demonstrate how they feel in any way.  The people live with no purpose but to do their assigned role in the community.I feel this books plot and setting are a masterpiece.  If you want to understand how a utopian society should work, it should help you understand how different societies could work; besides the capitalistic society we live in today. The story will helps visualize a perspective of a utopian society, and can bring out flaws in such a society.  It helps to understand political problems within such a government. Overall the story just helps in one to think better, and broaden knowledge of how a society can work.  This book broadened my view on society where everything is perfect, but it also showed me such a society could only work if the citizens feel no pain, or emotions.  To me it demonstrated how a perfect society like Marxism, cannot work in our world, because people do have emotions, and do want to voice their own opinion.  I recommend The Giver to young children, because it is an easy to understand the story.  I also recommend it to adults, because they can take the story's message on step further and give one a new perspective."
"When I was in 8th grade five years ago, this book was assigned for the class to read. Never, up until that point, had a book made me cry as when I read this book. I can truly say that this book is one of my all time favorites."
"I found the Giver a very interesting book.  It really made me think about what life would be like in a world where everyone is the same.  It's a great discussion book, and I really reccomend it for people who need a good read."
"I read this book in the 6th grade for class, I enjoyed it very much.  But this year in the 10th grade I felt a need to read it again, and I suppose because I am older,the book has gained an even more cherished place within  me for it.  This book centers around a society that is totally planned out.  Where you receive a position (job) to train for at the age of 12.  And you  must dress a certain way or you will immediatly get corrected. And an  animal such as a hippo is nothing but an imaginary thing.  Well that is  exactly what a young boy named Jonas lived in for his whole life, and he to  thought that his world was the way it had always been.  Until he turned 12  and he started training for his position in society, which had been chosen  for him.  I wouldn't suggest that you find out much more about the plot,  because it is 10 times more interesting to read about this book without  little hints about what is going to happen.  I have read comments about the  ending being stupid, but I think that it represents that there is always  hope (you will see what I mean when you read it)and that we can't live our  lifes in dread of tomarrow, but in anticipation of the new things to learn  about and achieve.  These are the thought provoking things that this book  has made me think about.  You will truly experience this adventure along  with Jonas, and it will make an impact on the way you look at the world  that surrounds us.  Every person I know that has read this book, loves it  for their own personal reason, so find your reason to love this book, and  read it today!"
"This book made me think, first of all. Lots of consequences to what the characters had done were missing, so I had to use my imagination to visualize what happens. The book is also fast-paced, and the ending is unpredictable."
"This book is interesting with some life lessons.  Its a little like the hunger games, but i would not recommend  it for any one under 12. Its a little dark and some parts are inapproaite, but its gets better towards  the end."
"I first read this book five years ago, and just re-read it.  It has a profound and emotional quality---and in parts is a great metaphor for the terrible psychological conformity of our society and world, and for the power and intensity and specialness of one who challenges that conformity by thinking outside the box.  That is the strength of the book, and here Lois Lowry shows her creative genius as a writer.  So many times she subtly and deftly spun a sentence or two that brought the community she portrayed into the most vivid, realistic life.But some parts of the book left me questioning---and wanting more.  Allow me to list two:1) Weak ending.  Without giving away too much information, I felt it lacked the power and immediacy of the first half of the book.  I felt the same way when I read the book five years ago--and part of how I remember the weakness of the ending is that I couldn't remember it at all!  I remembered the beginning---plot and themes---so well.  The end just gets murky and semi-irrelevant, like she lost her focus.2) Too much reliance on magic.  When the Giver starts transmitting memories to Jonas in magical fashion, the book loses its strength of reality.  Lowry did not need to jump into magic to make her point, and I felt this weakened her point---and the potential strength she could have accomplished.So overall I felt the first half or so of the book was utter genius, and I think little could be added to improve it.  Not so with the second half, and especially the last third..."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is an interesting book that is told from the perspective of an eleven-year-old named Jonas. Jonas lives in a futuristic community that has eliminated all pain, fear, war, hate, as well as any competition or differences between the members of the community. Everyone in the community basically looks and acts exactly alike, and they have no choice in how they live their lives. At the age of twelve each member of the community is assigned a career that they must follow, and then later in life they can apply for and be assigned a spouse that is perfectly suited to them. They also are only allowed two children each; one boy and one girl, these children are also born and raised in a controlled environment where the parents have no part in the babies first year of development. Any of the babies that don't fit into the community, like twins, and elderly people are ""released"". Everyone believes that when you are ""released"" you just go to Elsewhere, but in fact those people are given a lethal injection. The whole reason that the community is under such tight control and restriction is so that the citizens live the most convenient and pleasant life possible. This book reminded me a lot of Brave New World by Aldous Huxley. The element of absolute control of the citizens life is present in both books as well as the people that don't fit in are sent elsewhere. In Brave New World, they are sent to  a reserve type area where people are not controlled, and in The Giver they are simply ""released"", or killed."
"Have you ever imagined yourself in a ""perfect"" world? Where there is no war, battles, pain, suffering or even love. Well, in this science-fiction book The Giver by Lois Lowry, The main character, Jonas didn't have to imagine it, he lived in a perfect world. Jonas was pretty satisfied with his world. Although, Jonas lives in a ""perfect"" world, there are some good and bad things about this world. Jonas lives in a town were everything is controlled by the elders. The weather that happens in the world is controlled. Your future husband or wife is not up to you. Or even the food you eat, are chosen by the elders. The elders control everything. When someone turns 12 years old, the elders assign a job for that person. They will have to do this job for the rest of their lives. When Jonas turned 12 years old, the elders assigned him the next Receiver of Memory. With this job, Jonas will go through tough times. Jonas's teacher is The Giver. The Giver will give Jonas memories that have been lost in the community. Jonas has no clue what will happen. If you like or are learning about similes or metaphors I suggest you read The Giver. You should read The Giver because Lois Lowry uses a lot of similes and metaphors in the book. I think that this book was interesting and mysterious. When you read the book, a lot of questions pop into your head. But at the end you start to connect the dots. I think that Lois Lowry made this book to making your self believe in things that you think that will never be true."
"The giver is a great representation of a utopian society. Lois Lowery does a wonderful job of showing the emotions and the daily life of people in this situation, along with giving you a lot to ponder when you're done."
"Being an older reader, I found this book just by chance. It is very, verythoughtprovoking. An excellent dystopia book. Give it to your children, aunts,uncles, cousins, grandmothers and grandfathers to read......."
"Would you like to live in a ""Perfect"" community where every family is the same? Well in the book The Giver that's practically how it is. Jonas, the main character, lives in a community like this. Jonas is eleven and every year all the kids that are eleven turning twelve get their assignment or job at a ceremony held in December. It is time for the ceremony and Jonas will be getting his assignment and he can't wait. He doesn't know what his assignment will be, but he hopes for it to be something important and fits him well. This book is something you should really take time to read because it is interesting and enjoyable.  The book The Giver is very interesting. One part of the book that shows this is when Jonas has his weird dream and his mom said it was his first stirrings. Another interesting point in the book is when Jonas is at the ceremony where he will find out what his assigment will be and it is very suspensful.  This book is also enjoyable. One enjoyable part is when they share their dreams each morning from the night before. Also it was enjoyable how Jonas helped out at different places like the house of the old as volunteer work.  The best age for this book is probably about ten to eighteen. This is because there are some parts and some words that younger children wouldn't understand. This book might be boring for older people but some still might enjoy it.  You should really use your free time wisely and read this book The Giver because it is very interesting and also enjoyable."
"In the tradition of ""Brave New World"" and ""1984"", Lois Lowry changes from her mood from a very funny book writer to make her one and only science fiction book - and her best.""The Giver""  suggests the wonders and horrors of a Utopia. Jonas, the main character,  when he becomes twelve, is assigned the absolutely most important role in  his Community. It is to receive memories from an older man. No one else has  memories. They look up to him for advice.At the end of the book, Jonas  and the older man, The Giver, decide they need to share memories, and Jonas  leaves the Community. When the Receiver leaves the Community, the whole  Community begins to experience memories, and everyone goes crazy.Jonas's journey is to Elsewhere. No one in the Community knows what  Elsewhere is, but Jonas finds out that Elsewhere is what we live in, not  the dull, boring Utopian society Jonas is used to.Straight forward,  ""The Giver"" is, by far, the most influential book I've ever read.  From my point of view, it shows that if we don't change our ways to good,  they'll be changed for us - for good. We also learn that a perfect life is  definately not perfect by the standards of an un-perfect society, and that  the only way everything will be perfect by both standards is when we are in  Heaven. I encourage you to read this book. By the page number, you will  think it's a children's book, but by the book, you will be influenced like  you never thought possible by a book."
"This book is about a seemingly utopian society.  It is written about the future.  In the community that Jonas lives in, no one experiences things like pain, urges, color, and weather.  The community has very specific rules and even decides who a person will marry and what job they will have.  Jonas grows up in a normal family with a mom, dad, and younger sister.  He is different from the other children his age and is given the assignment of ""Receiver of Memory"".  After receiving memories, Jonas finally begins to understand what people in his community were really missing.Lowis Lowry uses this book to show the readers that in order to understand how wonderful things are, they must experience the not so wonderful side of things.  Jonas had to learn this the hard way by being the only one who received the memories.  Jonas begins to realize that there are other places out there beyond his community.  Jonas has to decide what to do with the memories he receives.  Should he stay or leave his community?  Read the book to find out what Jonas does?This book is motivating to children and easy to read.  Some of the concepts are almost unimaginable compared to our lives, but the author uses vivid word descriptions to help the reader understand.  It also teaches that children can make a difference in this world.  Most importantly it teaches that people have to experience the bad to appreciate the good.  People must be able to reflect on their past and their memories in order to move forward in the world."
"In a society where pain, fear, and emotion have been deleted, one person known as the Receiver holds the collective memories of mankind.  Now Jonas, a happy twelve year old, has been chosen to take the position of the  Receiver.  As Jonas learns more about the way humanity used to be, he comes  to the realization that no society, no matter how well ordered and  efficient, can compete with true feeling.  He sees the hypocrisy and  coldness with which his world operates, and cannot stand it.  Now, he must  find a way to bring emotion back to the world.  And he will do it, even if  it means doing the unthinkable.  Lois Lowry has created a world that is so  well ordered that it runs with little trouble.  Much like the society that  Adulous Huxley created in Brave New World, these people have given up the  freedom to feel in favor of order and control.  The Giver's society is  completely socialistic, and this helps create a feeling of familiarity with  our world.  Lowry's commentary on socialist society helps us address the  question of how anybody could live without personal freedoms.  The Giver  makes it easy to see how one could atrophy in a society which produces  ease, simply submitting in favor of a good job and easy life over  uncertainty.  Because of this, Lowry's book succeeds beyond the likes of  1984, because her society seems close enough to be frightening.  After all,  a society caused by a collective submission could occur much easier than  one caused by the worldwide takeover of a government force."
I thought that the book was kind of weird. It was mostly about a perfect town but the did not really live the way people where made to live. Basicly they don't have feelings or know about anything from a normal town.
"This book reminded me of Brave New World. It was a story of what we lose in freedoms and choices when ""big brother"" rules our lives. Very appropriate timing considering what is going on in our world today."
"Based on the many positive reviews of The Giver, I was prepared to be blown away. And at first I was. Lowry does a masterful job of bringing us into the world of our protagonist Jonas, whom we follow through his twelfth and thirteenth years. She subtly shows us how the seemingly-utopian community Jonas lives in operates, and she does so by showing, without much exposition. In this community, everyone is told what job they will do, and Jonas is selected to be the Receiver, who learns the truth of the past from The Giver, a town elder. This first part of the book is very strong, but unfortunately it doesn't hold up.Minor spoilers ahead.The memories are delivered not orally, or in writing, but by some kind of quasi-magical laying on of hands. The memories delivered are mental snapshots of visuals or feelings, without context. We never learn, for example, how this society came about. And we discover that the community experiences no weather, and that people there are somehow unable to see color. These are just presented as assertions, and are so beyond my ability to suspend disbelief that they took me right out of the narrative. The young reader that the work is aimed at might be more able to accept these flaws, but adult readers may shake their heads. The ending in the last 20 pages feels tacked on and totally not in keeping with the strong beginning.A good book for young readers. For older readers, well, I don't understand what the hoopla is about."
"This is a good book to read to your children and discuss  the idea  of choices.  Good,bad, and their rewards and consequences.  to explain that this book is a good example of a world without the freedom to choose"
I very much enjoyed the content of the book. The ending was a slight bummer but had an extreme deepness to it. I also loved that the shipping time and date was punctual. Continue to satisfy customers Amazon!!!!!
The giver is the best book I have ever read. I have read and watched a variety of books and movies similar to the giver like the hunger games but I found that none were as good as this even though I am only nine
I  will  have  to  give  the  book  a  three.I  didn't  like  this  book  because  it  was  to  confusing.It  would  say  something  then  something  else. Some  thing  totaly  different. It  was  to  confusing.
"This is an interesting book and it will make you think. I am not sure that the age that it is technically intended for will fully understand it. Not even if they are reading it in school with a teacher guiding them through it. There are just so many layers to it.I cannot stand the idea of living in a world where everything is the same. Where everything is dull and has strict rulesor where they kill people who cant make themselves fit. And this is the kind of world Lois Lowry shows us in The Giver.What is amazing about the way Lowry wrote this book is that you can see the connections between our world as it is now and the way she wrote this futuristic world. It is the ability to make it so the reader can make these connections that makes this book so great. Only a great dystopian novel can pull this off.I felt that this book is a warning to us and that Lowry is trying to make us see what is going on around us. I hope that others are able to get Lowrys message from this book. My love for this book is not something I can easily express in words. It is one of those books that when you are done reading it, it just sticks with you. You will need time to digest it when you finish before you are able to start your next read. Give yourself this time, you will be happy that you did.Obviously, I give this a 5 out of 5 star rating.You can find more of my reviews here:http://readingwithcupcakes.blogspot.com/"
"This phenomenal novel, ""The Giver,"" is hands down, without a doubt, considered to be good literature because it is full of realistic feelings, it shares an important message and it has a surprise ending. The first reason why the novel is such a brilliantly put together piece of work is because the feelings just explode from every inch of the text on the pages. The feelings demonstrate warmth, love, happiness and more through the characters such as Jonas and The Giver because they connect and really give you the full effect of feeling the emotions yourself. Also, this novel is considered good literature because the message that it conveys is just life changing, and really impacts the reader. The message proposes the thought that maybe life should be appreciated, and not taken for granted because in the real world, choices aren't made for you, such as they are in Jonas' community, and your own fate is in your hands. Lastly, the novel should be recognized as good literature because the ending is just a great surprise, which is left up for you to decide how the adventure ends. For example, the author even states when questioned why there is no direct ending, ""So I don't want to put my own feelings into it, my own beliefs, and ruin that for people who create their own endings in their minds,"" showing that the ending is a freedom of choice and decision itself. So finally, that is why I highly recommend this novel to all, and is why I consider it to be good literature."
"The Giver is a book that depicts a ""perfect"" world starring the 12-year-old Jonas, who is a normal and completely perfect boy. He is living in a normal and completely perfect world, living a normal and completely perfect family. There are no lies, no deception, no dishonesty, no hate, no war, no illness, no evil, and no good. Everything is gray so there is no racism, and everyone looks the same. Among all of these identical blobs of gray is Jonas who- on his twelfth birthday awaits to be assigned a job form the community. He finds he is different than many of his friends who where chosen as workers, doctors, nurses, and laborers. For Jonas was the new Receiver of Memories... In which only the giver, and elderly old man, can give to him. All he can offer is memories of relaxation, of pain, of color, of light, of good, of bad, and of a different Utopia other than the only one Jonas was used to.Jonas was different. He (as the receiver of memories) was allowed to lie, he could manipulate, and he could see color. Like the red of an apple or a patch of wheat blonde hair. In a world where there is no emotion the giver exposes Jonas to love, and to hate. To fear and pain and the cold and the heat.  It is with this understanding and this emotion that he understands he must overthrow the community. He realizes the true insanity of the world around him, and the pure evil of his brainwashed friends and family. This book strives for individuality and freedom of self."
"I was tempted to give this book 3 stars, but it is so much better than that - a five star book, except for the end.  I cannot stand a book that doesn't have a clear ending.  I think I may be in the minority, but when I read the book I want the author to tell me what happens, I want a satisfying conclusion.  That doesn't happen in the Giver.  I know if I re read the other 3 books in the series, I'll find the conclusion I was looking for, but that isn't alluded to at the end of the Giver.  Oh well.Jonas is about to receive his assignment along with all the other kids his age, 12.  Children at 12 find out what career they'll train for.  This is a dystopian society where everything is the same, families are created simply for the purpose of raising children, but not your own children, only some girls are selected to be birth mothers, children go to the Nurturing Center, and if they do not thrive according to society's standards, or if you're a twin and the weaker, lighter etc...then you're ""released"" or euthanized.Jonas is selected to be the new Receiver of Memory.  The former Receiver is now the Giver, and through touch, he gives Jonas all of the memories that the society doesn't have anymore, war, famine, happiness, love, warmth, cold, and color.It's an interesting society, and Jonas decides to escape, with the help of the Giver (whose future isn't settled in the book either),  in order to save a child who will be released."
"I read this book as a kid and absolutely adored it...yet it's one of the few books that have made it onto my ""favorite books"" list that I've never read a second time...until now.I was curious as to how much this book might hold up to the high esteem I had for it in my mind.And it totally did!  This book is fantastic.  Lowry somehow manages to describe this world without color, without emotion, without pain, and then, even more amazingly, uses the people within that world to describe ours, to describe those exact things that they don't have.  Just in her description of things like sledding down a hill, one can't help but have a very specific image crafted in their mind, almost as if the reader is the receiver in training themselves.But the true majesty in the story here is in the concept of hope, the dream of a brighter future, which pervades this text.  This world may share some similarities with many other dystopian novels (I can't help but think this is somehow held within the same world as Orwell's 1984), but the tale is one of hope, not of loss, of change, not of how the world is too big to make a difference.And in that piece we find the item that keeps us wanting to root for Jonas, wanting to root for the plan, and hoping against hope that the end doesn't mean what it appears to mean.Luckily there's more books in the series that should allow us to see where things move from there...books I have yet to read but will be reading very very soon."
"The Giver was very good literature. First, it was full of adventure and action. Second, it has lots of description. Third, it had a surprise ending. First, The Giver was full of action and adventure. When Jonas tries to escape to Elsewhere he struggled to stay alive. There was also the time when the memory of warfare was transmitted to Jonas. All the agony on the battlefield was full of action, which is why I like this book. Second, The Giver has lots of description. When the memory of warfare is transmitted to Jonas he went into extreme detail. The author described the pain and all the bodies lying lifeless on the ground. She describes the thirst of the one soldier who was still alive. There was also the occasion when Jonas broke his leg. The author describes the blood flowing from his leg with the bone popping out of his shin. She explains that he threw up, but she described it in such a way that it seemed like you were there. The detail in this book was amazing. Third, The Giver also had a surprise ending. It was surprising that it did not explain what actually happened to Jonas. I also found it interesting that Jonas found a sled out of nowhere on his quest. The ending actually shocked me because it was not all that good. It was not as good as the rest of the book, and left you hanging. All throughout the book the author went into detail, but when it came to the ending there was no description at all. It was not bad, though. As you can see, The Giver is very good literature."
"I, like many others, read The Giver back in school and it was one of the books I remember actually enjoying. So I decided to pick it up along with the other books in its box set and give it another read.I still absolutely love this book. I love the world that was created, a seemingly perfect utopia that is really anything but. They live in a community where color and emotional depth and other differences have been stripped away to create Sameness, deeming that safe as choice is dangerous. The story follows twelve-year-old Jonas as he is selected to become the Receiver of Memory; the person who stores memories before Sameness. And it is through this that he begins to recognize his supposedly perfect community for the dystopian it really is, and he sees things need to change.Obviously being a childrens book its a light and simple read, but it still tackles heavier issues and underlying themes and thats what I adore most about it. The writing is plain but it keeps a good reading pace. The characters are rather eh and I didn't feel anything for them personally, but considering the world they live in its an excusable thing, since no one but the Giver and eventually Jonas have any emotional depth to them anyway. Overall the book itself is nothing fantastic, the characters and writing and plot are all rather simple, but its the unsettled world this book paints that is where its real golden star goes.This is still one of my favorite novels, and a recommended read."
"Lois Lowry has many wonderful books and her writing creates a vivid picture in the mind of the reader, but in none such as The Giver. In his utopian society Jonas is completely happy. Everyday his routine is the same, each family has a mother and a father and two children. Several things happen that disrupt Jonas' perfect existance. Gabriel, a baby who cannot sleep through the night comes to live with them temporarily. Also Jonas looks forward to the annual ceremony in which he, as a twelve will be given his job assignment in which he will immediately begin his internship. When he is chosen as The Receiver of Memories, Jonas is baffled by everyones response. When he meets the old man who is The Giver of Memories, he is introduced initially to only good memories, but soon those of war and horror eventually follow. As the story continues Jonas comes to realize the price that has been paid for his utopian society to exist. He and The Giver must make a decision that will have serious consequences. Jonas also knows that he must act in order to save his baby brother Gabriel. There are many ah-hah experiences throughout this novel in which Lowry reveals/explains something new. There are also a few shocking experiences that surprise the reader. There are many intricate details to the story, and young adults and even adult readers will be able to draw out so much meaning from this story. I recommend it for ages 12 and above. If you liked this book, you will also enjoy Lowry's Gathering Blue."
A thought provoking look at society so regulated where  experiences we take for granted are a thing of the pastA past no one remembers... A reminder that God created me with free will-a wonderful privilege!
"This book attempted to provide a narrative through a hypothetical future society( somewhat like Russian Commumism ) where many fundamental human modes of perception are abandoned in order to maintain ""sameness"" and alleviation of life's emotional and physical pain.  This future society hinges on the ""recievers"" who bear the burden of humanities past and provide eithical consult to the societies crafters to maintain equilibrium.  The main character is elected at age 12 to become the communities new ""reciever"", and in turn learns the horrible truths of man's raw existence. Although well written despite the intended audience, the book was enlightening and a good read.  A rather annoying aspect was the littering of feminist thought that seemed rather artificial and contradictory to the other ideas presented.  For instance the main characters father is a ""nurturer"", or someone whos job it is to care for infants( note here that instead of breastmilk, the babies are fed *formula* ).  The mother, however, maintains a lucrative job at the ""ministry of justice and law"".  Also a obnioxiously repeated theme is the ""high dishonor"" that birthmothers are given in this society( the babies are disowned from the mother after birth and reassigned to the community ""pairs"" ).  I feel like these things were stuck into an otherwise interesting book as part of the authors more personal agenda. Reccomended to all people with a stomach for 60s feminism."
"I can remember when I was in tenth grade and we had to read Animal Farm for English II. The only thing I walked away with from that book was, that was weird - farm animals trying to escape. At the time I did not get the underlying message of his book so therefore I missed out on what was perhaps a good book.I feel the exact same way with this book. A book about a boy who gets a bike in a strange Utopian world where the word love is supposed to be an inappropriate word, and his father chuckles, okay ""Lily Billy."" And then he meets the giver of memories and has stirrings because he doesn't want to eat an apple or something like that.This book plain falls short of anything worth remembering which is a little ironic because the giver himself is supposed to help with memories. I just didn't get it overall.Why would they want to have a keeper of memories anyway if they are all taking the pill that causes them to be ""dumbed down"" and forget what the outside world is like. This book raises too many questions that don't get answered. Not only that it is a slow boring read overall. There was zero action.I can sum up the book like this. Boy wakes up, gets a bike on a special birthday, doesn't eat an apple, has some stirrings because he doesn't take his pill and learns what memories are from an old man then goes on a sled ride. The end.Maybe like Animal Farm there is a message there that I didn't get and if I did it probably would have been a better book for me."
"This is a good piece of literature because it's full of feelings shares important messages, and has a surprising ending. The Giver is basically about feelings. Jonas experiences them in many ways; he has mixed thoughts on those feelings but accepts them. Jonas gets these new feelings form these memories he giver gives him, he major feeling expressed happiness, sorrow, and pain. Jonas felt happy when "" Jonas found himself upon it, began to move through the snowfall, and now he understood instantly that now he was going down hill"" Jonas felt happiness form this memory. Jonas had felt being sad and pain when he had "" Restlessly he moved one am, bending it felt a sharp pain in he crease of his inner arm at the elbow. He wasn't too sad but he was, and he also felt pain. Pain usually brings sorrow with it.  Sharing important messages is basically moral, there are many morals but one is my favorite. When Jonas receives the memory of Christmas, he feels warmth and happiness, than he began to see you need love and a family to help you. ""Warmth, Jonas replied and happiness, And - let's me think of family."" This shows that Jonas knows what family is. I enjoyed the ending it shows how a you can think, You can make up the ending because the ending doesn't really tell you what happens, so It was surprising and enjoyable. So over all, this is a good book many things occur to it and you can compare life situations to it, you experience new feelings, learn morals, and ends aren't always how you want them to be."
"Wow, this book surprised me. I heard so much about this book and I had put off reading it until I heard the movie was coming out and then when it was out I decided now was the time to read it, before I see the movie. You know how movies are, they sort of cement in your mind how these people look. It is better if you can imagine it all yourself first.Jonas is about to become a Twelve, when his job or career will be given to him by the adults in the community. He doesn't know what he wants to do for the rest of his life but hopes it is not physical labor. He lives in a community that has removed all stress from its people, at least that is the intention, having no colors, no fun, no music, nothing to upset or make life too intense. Anyone who is rude to someone else or a group must apologize immediately and the person or group accepts their apology immediately. A nice safe place to live, right?Anyone who is not compliant is ""released."" It is believed by the community that the person is sent somewhere else to live and be retrained.Jonas finds out in his ceremony of becoming a Twelve that he is to be the receiver of memories from the Giver, who has memories not only from his childhood but from other givers before him. At first Jonas feels overwhelmed but then he is given the memory of snow and sledding. And he can feel it like he is there.Jonas learns a lot from the old man, including what happens to those who are released, and what happens then is for you to find out."
"I read this book in my reading class my 8th grade year and fell in love with it. I am always questioning why things are and how they work. This book starts by explaining the community and how everything is the same, in black and white, no emotions or feelings, and nothing to ever question. Jonas an 11 year old about to turn 12 is about to get his assignment of being the receiver. The Giver the most important character in the story is an older man with knowledge of the past. A past before the community and before everything was the same. When Jonas started to find out about all of these freedoms and choices people use to have he could no longer be happy in his community. He could not continue with the shallow lives that the people in the community were living. He made a decision to leave the community and with him he took a baby boy named Gabriel. Together they fled the community in hot pursuit. They traveled for a long period of time until he reached a house with bright lights all around it and music playing. It was winter when he made his escape and the only thing to keep him warm was the thought of a very hot day and the sun, and laughter. The book ended before telling us if he reached the house, or if he knocked on the door and humans came out to greet him. This was an excellent read, there was a lot of detail that painted a perfect picture in my mind and the way the author left the ending open for us the reader to interpret what actually happened to Jonas and the baby Gabriel."
"This book is not for everyone as there are some dark and scary parts. The idea's are original, Jonas is a good main character and the ending is ambiguous which makes the reader think. A very interesting book."
The book is somewhat creepy through the idea of Sameness but delivers the message of individualism and courage.  I would recommend this book to everyone who thinks you need to be society to be part of society.
"...where everyone is taken care of.  Infants are never neglected, are always well fed, and are always raised by parents who want them.  Old people are never neglected, not just taken care of but entertained and comforted in every way possible.  People thrive in workplaces that they are well suited for, and no one is ""better"" than anyone else, all are healthy and thrive.  Well, unless you don't ""fit in""...  This book really roped me in.  It's easy to read and the characters make you want to root for them.  It's hard to put down.  I have just one complaint.  WAY TOO EXPENSIVE.  It should be a Kindle single.  It only takes 3 hours or so to read in entirety.  So then you download the second of the quartet (which is a whole different sort of reality, but characters are just as wonderful and the tale just as compelling) and that's another $7.51 or something.  The last of the quartet is almost $10 because it's new.  All four of them together can easily be read in a week even for slower readers, and it costs about $35.00.  So I'm a little upset because I started 2 days ago with the first book and am 77% through the second already and really shouldn't spend so much money to finish the series, which I will surely do anyway within the next few days.  I might suggest to others using Kindle that maybe they should wait until the whole quartet is available together at a reduced rate, because you will want the whole quartet anyway."
"THE GIVER The Giver is a science fiction book that takes place in a small, managed community.  This community is an imaginary place.  It is set in a futuristic time.  The people who live in the community are like drones, they dont have feelings!  The main character is a boy named Jonas.  Jonas lies to his parents easily (because they have no feelings).But he is also kind and respectful to the Giver (a wise and old man) and his friends (he has to be respectful to everybody or else he will be released).  Every year this community has a special ceremony and you would get a gift that is kind of like a birthday present except every kid gets the same gift (they do it by age).  If you are going onto 12(which Jonas is) you will get a special assignment that you will have for the rest of your life.  Jonas got the most important one.  Jonas meets the Giver and the Giver trains him to have feelings and to become the new Receiver of Memories. Jonas is starting to have feelings and see color.  He has discovered things that no one else has figured out.  He is watching his friends play war games and he recalls the horrible memory the giver gave him of war.  He notices how cruel his community is. So he decides to do something crazy. The Giver is a very meaningful book. There are some sad parts and some surprising parts that I am trying not to give away.  So read the book to find out what will happen next.Sienna, age 9"
"Although completely lacking the sex and violence that today's children seem to deserve, Lois Lowry is able to deliver a well-paced and well-wrought psychological thriller. As an adult I have to admit that I was a little less than engrossed in the plot. With an effective absence of character motivations and an oppressive monotony of language the very elements that make The Giver successful also keep it from being an honestly fulfilling read for an adult. Everything that I've seen in every previous version (from Utopia to A Scanner Darkly) might come across as a lot more novel to a teen readers. In fact, the book would make a great companion piece to such serious literature especially if combined with the lens of Marxism. Compared to the Hunger Games, though, The Giver is not nearly as gripping nor as impacting. The poorly-rendered fantasy science of the Sameness, the reception of memory by blue-eyed people (racist?) and the Truman Show vibe of the Outside all feel like cardboard reconstructions of other, better stories. Although the Hunger Games novels are horribly-written Collins can at least stand behind her talent for genre mash-ups as opposed to Lowry's genre mining. The real tragedy here is that authors at both ends of the Child-Adult spectrum prefer a smaller, more precise readership. Gone are the days of Watership Down and The Little Prince. Now we have Gravity's Rainbow and Harry Potter. Is anyone concerned about cross-generation discourse?"
"...P>The protagonist of the story by Lois Lowry is the eleven-years-old Jonas. He lives, at first glance, in a wonderful community protected from pain, illness, unemployment or unhappiness. Jonas is approaching his twelfth birthday, the day on which he will receive the assignment for his future life. He is chosen to become the new Receiver of Memory. His teacher, The Giver, stores all the memories generations before had given up to live in Sameness. During Jonas' training in becoming the new Receiver he learns a lot about emotions, animals or different weather conditions, things that the other community members had never known before....P>That book is absolutely a great one. While reading the book through the eyes of Jonas more and more questions were raised - some where answered, some not. You get a closer look on your own life, your life as an individual, your life in society.How would life be without happiness? Or without pain? What is life living in sameness? What is a protective society? Where do we have to draw the line between creating protection and taking away the things that make us human? And what is it exactly that make us human? Lowry doesn't offer us any answer, more effective, she makes us think of our own how these questions will be answered.I have really enjoyed reading the ""The Giver"" and I guess it was the right decision by the teacher ""making"" us reading it. It was worth the time it took to read and understand ..."
The Giver is about a boy named Jonas who lives in a world where every thing is perfect. There is no pain or fear but they have no choice every one is assigned a job in the community. At the age of 12 every kid at that age gets a job some become assistant of recreation or take care of the old but Jonas get training from The Giver he can fell the true pains and fears of life but the giver can do what no one in the community can do...love. But The Giver is getting old so Jonas will become the next giver.  But before he starts his training he got a little baby named Gabriel that came to his house with his father who was a nurturer and this baby had some trouble so he stays with Jonas family. So Jonas starts to receive memories at first they were good memories like sunny beaches families at Christmas time and a few weeks in his training he asked to get memories of bad things like kids trying to get water when a war is going on with wounds that are bleeding or poachers killing elephants for no such reason and baby elephants crying next to his mother. One night he gave the memory of the beach to Gabriel when he was put in Jonas room to sleep Jonas didn't now how but he did. After that Jonas sees his father killing a baby on video after that Jonas want to leave the whole community. This book is well explained and very detailed and I recommend this book to any one who likes books about escapes and loving stories. That's why I give this book five stars.
"Jonas's world is perfect. Everything is in order and everyone is happy and contented. But the peace he  and everyone else  knows came with a high price. Only one person knows the truth and Jonas is about to become that person.The Giver is a powerful and thought-provoking novel about the things we take for granted and what we sacrifice in the name of humanity. What I liked most about this book is that even though this is a serious story, it doesn't feel heavy at all. And because this is utopian, there's no dark and gritty that's very common in post-apocalyptic books I've read before. Just the underlying truth that there's more than meets the eye. That even the most perfect world isn't really perfect at all.I loved how real Jonas's character is. He grew up in a society of rules and order, but he quickly adjusted to his role as Receiver. And even though he was prepared to take on the role, he was willing to admit that he wasn't brave enough for it. His friendship with the Giver and the memories he saw gave him the courage to do what he thought was right. I admired his faith and belief that even though the memories were painful, they were worth to be remembered by the people. And in the end, I wanted to believe that Jonas achieved what he set out and risked his life for.A really good and brilliant tale. I don't know why I didn't read The Giver before now, but I'm glad I finally did. Every page is a treasure."
"I think that this book was amazing. I could not beleive how wonderful this book really was. It was a little slow to get started, but then it really got interesting!! If you don't read it, you will be sorry!!"
"I read a great book, The Giver by Lois Lowry. The Giver is a page-turner. It is so suspenseful it kept me reading the whole book through. In The Giver, I think the message is, ""Be thankful for what you have."" The people in The Giver live in a colorless world where you get assigned a job for life. Other people control your life. In The Giver you can get, children; but they won't be related to you and will come from someone who was assigned as a birthmother. The people who are old live in a special place. There are also a set of rules everyone has to follow. Another thing; there are no more regular holidays (Easter, Christmas, etc) and everything you do is monitored by a speaker. All the good things of today were where taken away to stop wars and starvation. In this colorless community where the weak children are killed, Jonas is selected to be the new Receiver of Memory. He is given memories of things long taken away. Jonas wants everyone to have the memories. He also wants to do something about it. He wants grandparents, snow, sledding and all the things that have been taken away. Even though this book doesn't start out in an interesting way it sure does get better. The Giver has a lot of mystery, action, and suspense. The main character, Jonas, shows a ton of courage and strength. I never would have guessed the ending in a million years. The Giver is a great book. I couldn't put it down! Be sure to read it. It was marvelous!"
"My Book Review for The Giver by Christina The Giver is a science fiction book by Lois Lowry.  It's a very intriguing book because it draws you in and you wonder why their life is like that and how it affects their world and why. The Giver is about a boy named Jonas in a certain kind of community; in our world we say we're eleven years old, but in Jonas's community they are called ""elevens"". At certain ages they get special things.  For example, when they're a ""nine"", they get their own bike to ride and when they are a ""twelve"", they are assigned a job in the community. Jonas is assigned as the receiver.  It's a very important job that is painful while fun to him. This book is one of Lowry's best.  It takes on a really powerful perspective and it shows that someone else's life could be a whole lot different than ours.  Gathering Blue (another book with a similar plot) is a good companion to The Giver, because the main characters know how to deal with challenges that come through their life.  They show that even if their world is different, we could have similar problems. Maybe it's not the same, but maybe it's a lot alike. Overall, I hope that many more people read this book.  It's not really popular and well known, but I think it would be a very good book to enjoy while you are in 4th grade-Adult, if you've read it when you were younger or older than these ages, it's fine as long as you enjoyed this book."
"The Giver is a genuine piece of literary art influential to people of all ages and genders that I can see more in every time I read.  In The Giver, a boy named Jonas is selected to recieve memories in a community without any.  Jonas experiences pain and hardships like we do today, but with a much bigger picture.  I would reccomend The Giver to anyone with a reasonable sized vocabulary and knows how to read.  A child younger than fourth grade may not understand some concepts in the plot of The Giver, but any other age level no matter how old should understand and connect to the book's meaning.  Lois Lowry did such an excceptional job writing The Giver, that even if the reader does not like science fiction, this book would be an exception.  The Giver is almost so fictional, that the story has has a quality of being real life.  THe Giver gives messages to its readers through significant characters, a constant reminder of the importance of relationships, and the importance of love in our lives. The Giver is my favorite book so far in my life.  I have read hundereds of books by all types of authors, and various genres of books, but The Giver filled my heart and mind with positive thoughts and feelings.  I can always count on The Giver to put a smile on my face or bring tears to my eyes.  I would rate The Giver as a five-star novel, abd worth every star plus more for the superb quality of the material within the cover of the book."
"A perfect world. It'd be nice to have a perfect world, but would things be  really perfect? In the book, The Giver, by Lois Lowry, the setting is  utopial, in a close knit community where there is no crime, war, prejudice,  pain, or love. The Giver is all about a community giving up their human  race in order to establish a close knit and safe haven. People who live in  the community consider themselves living in a perfect world.  Jonas is a  twelve years old boy who receives his assignment. He is to become the  receiver, the highest honor of the community. The receiver holds all of the  community's memories, pain, and love. Jonas begins his training with the  Receiver, an Elder, whom he calls the Giver. As Jonas receives the memories  from the Giver, he see colors, what snow is like, pain, and love. The more  Jonas learns, the more afraid he is. In the community he lives in, there  are no colors, no sun, no love and pain, and no choices. People of the  community have their beliefs and that is to let others decide their future  and their fate. He then discovers a ceremony, ""release,"" is  murder.  Jonas realizes the ""perfect"" community he lives in isn't  perfect after all.  The book was very fascinating. I read the book  in less than two days. I was immured in the book from the start and I just  wanted to read to find out what would occur. One thing led to another  thing.  At the end, I was mystified."
This book really made you think. It engrosses you and makes you care deeply about the outcome. You can read it over and over again getting something new out of each time. Highly reccomanded for every age!
"Some societies, even our own, try to make us all ""equal"", to protect us from harm, to protect us from the end results of our own bad choices. I believe ""The Giver"" has put into perspective what life could be like if we let that happen. Nobody in this society is allowed to choose their mate, their job, or even give birth to their own children. Imperfect newborns, those no longer productive, those who no longer want to be a part their society, or those who want to go ""elsewhere"", are ""released"", their less-objective term for being euthanized. In some ways, I think we could be on our way to this place. There are those who already accept the deaths of those not yet born, who don't want children to fail, who pretty much want to take away bad things that makes us human and only leave us with the good. But, without the bad, how can we appreciate the good? So, here is a society where everyone has the perfect mate, perfect job, perfect children; all their needs are met. So, when one young man is chosen to receive the memories of those who came before him, he sees for himself the imperfection, but also the beauty, of man and the world, he leaves to find ""elsewhere"", which is where the story ends. As to the review, I found the concept of the book interesting, but I only rate a book higher if I consider it a classic; I don't feel ""The Giver"" falls into the category of a classic book."
"Summary: Jonas lives in a community of Sameness, where everything is perfect and setup by meticulous rules. People can't choose their jobs, they're chosen for them. If the child bearers have twins one would have to be ""released,"" because it is forbidden to have two of the same person in the community. At the Ceremony of Twelve in December Jonas is chosen to be the Receiver, who is in charge of holding the memories of  life before the community. He works with The Giver, who transmits memories of snow, excruciating pain, love, emotions, and colors; all the things the community doesn't have anymore. With his new role comes new responsibility and new freedom.  Everything is all good for Jonas until he finds out the secrets of the community. Will Jonas be able to handle the memories that unfold or will he just give up?Review: The beginning was boring but then the book started getting interesting and caught our attention. We found it interesting how there were no feelings, and how the kids weren't able to go through teenage changes. It made us wonder what it would be like not to have feelings. We were fascinated by how the community reproduced. We thought the ending could have been more detailed because we wanted to find out what happened with the community Jonas left behind and wether the community he went to was what he expected. We recommend this book to people of all ages and who are willing to think."
"I read this book in grade eight core english, and I can`t say how glad I am that it was in the curriculum. The Giver is a very good book about a society in which everything is controlled by the gover nment. Careers are picked for you, your spouse is picked for you, and your kids are picked for you. The book focuses on Jonas, an eleven year old kid about to recieve his career assignment and begin his training. The story that unfolds is very exciting and has many twists. The writing is great and the characters are interesting. One thing to note is that you should be prepared to deal with any immature people reading this book, as their is a small part talking about the feelings children recieve during puberty, and I definitely remember a lot of giggling during the class as we went over that. That doesn`t diminish from the story, but just beware. Also, there are some disturbing themes which might scare some people. All in all, the Giver is an amazingly great experience which is very well written and shows a neat reflection on society as it is. Make sure you don`t miss the sequels, Gathering Blue and The Messenger, which aren`t nearly as good, but are still enjoyable. A note to Lois Lowry: Please write another book in the series. In the rare case that Lois Lowry might actually read this, I hope she would listen and write at least two more of these amazing books. If you told me to rate The Giver out of 10 I would say 13"
"Jonas's family lives in a community where everything is the same.  Every family has one girl and one boy.  Also everyone's birthday is in December.  They have one big ceremony in December, and you get a specific gift or job depending on what age you were.  The weather in the community is always sunny and never changes.  On Jonas's 12th birthday he was assigned the job as Receiver of Memory.  He has to go to the Giver, who was the old Receiver of Memory, and learn about the past and remember other memories.  It is a very important job, and Jonas was glad to do it.  One day Jonas's father, who works as a Nurturer, brought home a child named Gaberial who was having difficulty sleeping through the night.  Jonas's family tried very hard to get him to sleep through the night, but he could never do it unless Jonas passed memories to him.  One day at dinner, Jonas's father told the family that Gabe was going to be released.  Jonas knew that it meant he would die.  He didn't want that to happen to Gabe so he decides to take him and leave the community.  They leave at night time.  They encounter many different things on the outside they called Elsewhere.  Some things are good and others are bad, like loneliness, hunger, and changes in the weather.  In the end Jonas and Gabe didn't realize what would happen to them, but at least they were together.  Read the book to try to figure just what happens at the end."
"As the years from middle school to the end of high school are marked by conformity and confusion for most kids, The Giver is an excellent contribution to their literary library during this time. Jonas is 12, on the cusp of puberty, and entering the next stage of life in his ""utopian"" society. This is a place where choices are made for you, mistakes are not made, and when they are, they are quickly and secretly taken care of. There is no color, your career and your spouse are chosen for you, your children are ""assigned"", not born to you, and those who break the rules or have outlived their usefulness are ""released"" - a terrifying euphemism.Jonas, like his peers, knows nothing of this in the beginning. But as his journey begins into becoming his community's Receiver of Memories, the horror of his surroundings forces him to make moral choices many tweens and teens today face in their own way: should he go along with things ""as they are"" knowing what he knows? Should he stand up for what is right or close his eyes?The Giver is a powerful book written in simple but profound prose. It offers young readers the opportunity to consider not only the blessings of freedom, but its responsibilities as well. And it does this without the need to spell things out or preach. Perhaps this is what makes it one of the more thought-provoking and intelligent novels written for young people in the last 30 years."
"""It was almost December and Jonas was beginning to be frightened.""  This is the first line to what will further on be a great book to read.  Jonas lives in a more then unordinary town.  Imagine a place where you couldn't choose, travel, or see colors, that's where this book takes places.  Jonas an 11 almost 12, goes to the ceremony of 12 for his new job and future, but at first it seems that he had no job at all, since the elders passed him by.  But he soon finds out that he's been selected to be the next Receiver of Memory.  The theme to this book it to be thankful for what you've been given because you can look at someone else's life who's wasn't as fortunate as yours, and know that your lucky to have the life that you have.  Lois lowry would have written this book from her past experiences. When she wrote this book, everyone didn't trust on another and things weren't the best they have been in the past.  You know this because this book is about people helping people, being more interdependent instead of independent.  The quote at the top of the page brings the type of person Jonas is and the things he might of experienced.  But when you get further on in this book you'll find that the first line is only some of what you'll find out about Jonas, and what he knows as ""The World"".  I recommend this book to 7th graders an up because everyone can relate to this book and have a discussion on it with little effort."
"The acceptance speech at the end very poignantly and hopefully reveals the importance of elsewhere and memory. A novel that stays with you, and still has something to give to adults as well as children."
"The book ""The Giver"" By:Lois Lowryis a very interesting book. The story begins in a perfect community,where there is no color, a lot of rules, and the community has sameness.An example of that is that the only one who has books is the reciever of memory.Also, no one has individual birthdays, and all members of the community only see black and white.Some of the characters are, Asher, Lily, Mother, Father,Fiona, and the Chief Elder. The three main characters are, a smart boy named, Jonas, a wise old man called, The Giver, and last but not least, a baby named Gabriel.  The book ""The Giver"" is about a perfect community.In the community, Jonas (the little boy), feels apprehensive because the ceremony of Twelve is rapidly approaching. That is a ceremony where twelveyear old children are chosen for their job. Jonas gets assigned a very important job, but when he finds out the secrets that the community is hiding he has to make a difficult decision.  I would recommend the book, ""The Giver"" by:Lois Lowry to anyone because this book has won the Newberry Award, and the author has a good writing style. She has a lot of detail so you can picture exactly what's going on, like at the setting of the story, she introduces the characters and the community very well, and at the ending, I could make out what Jonas and Gabriel were going threw and what they were seeing and hearing."
"I thought The Giver was a great book.  It was very interesting and each page I read the more I wanted to continue reading it.  Some of the things that made it interesting is seeing him find out about the real truth about his community.  I think it was interesting to see that because once he turned twelve years old his whole entire life changed and he learned new things from a man named The Giver.  The Giver had a major affect on how Jonas, the main character, lived his life.  I thought this book was filled with great details and some good metaphors. A good metaphor in the book is when the author describes Jonas' eyes as being unusual and different.  I think he meant the Jonas sees things differently then everybody else as you can tell from the book and how he acts.  Some of the books great details are about where he lives and the things that go on.  Like when they tell about the aircraft flying over his community and the trouble his friends got into telling people they would be released from the community when they were mad and not really meaning to say it.  It was also a great plot.  The community they live in seems interesting and you can almost picture it in your mind if you think about it.  I did enjoy this book because of the metaphors and how you can picture things through the author's details.  I think a lot of people would really enjoy this book if they read it."
"I never read this book when I was in school. So now that I work in a school I thought it would be a good one to pick up. Also they just came out with the movie and the trailer looked awesome! I like the beginning of the book and it didn't feel rushed or dragged out. Lowry did a good job at giving all the information you needed to understand the world you were entering. I also liked her character development and you can relate to them in how they live their lives, even though they are different from how we live now.As the story progressed, and you meet The Giver, the books feeling changed from one that was light and nice, to one that was somber and serious. You start to see what Lowry's message of the story is really about. I also found it interesting (even though the happy ending reader in me wanted more) how she ended the book. She almost leaves it up to you, to how it ends. If this book had been written a decade later it would be turned into a trilogy if not a series.I would not say that I enjoyed the book, but rather that I understood the message and agree that it is a book that everyone should read. It has a the feel of The Hunger Games, or should I say that The Hunger Games has the feel of The Giver.So If you like the distopian, controlled world, and fighting against the system then you will enjoy this book. It was an easy read, and I do suggest that everyone picks it up to read."
"I think that The Giver is a very enjoyable book for young adults, and it is a great classroom tool because it covers so many important themes and ideas, such as growing up, questioning authority, making moral judgments, utopia, deceit, finding a sense of self, etc etc etc.  The story of Jonas' identity crisis and his realization of the lies that have been told to him are very rateable.  Young adults struggle with similar identity issues, and are coming to realize that their parents and teachers are not perfect or all-knowing.  Further, this is a great novel for helping students develop a societal awareness, and question the choices that are made without their knowledge or consent, whether on a home, school, local, or national level.  Basically, it's a great entryway to an exploration of many different themes.The reactions of the students in my placement last semester were mixed.  While most of them enjoyed the story, they despised the open ending, wanting to know exactly what happened to Jonas and Gabe.  They were also shocked to find out that a woman wrote the novel (for most of the month, I guess they thought 'Lois' was actually 'Louis')!  Further, our central question was about utopia, and whether a perfect community could exist.  This was a fun topic for them to debate and they were able to create their own utopias at the end of the unit.  Overall, they had a positive experience with the novel."
"This review will not reiterate the plot of the book.  There are many others posted that do that very well.  In passing, though, the book was very reminiscent of a movie closer to my generation, called Logan's Run.  My grandson recently turned 13, and we took him out for ice cream on his birthday.  We asked him how his school work was going because for the past several years he has had many problems.  Among other things, he bores easily, doesn't connect with the learning process, and some subjects just come hard for him, all led to his being held back a year.To my surprise, he proceeded to describe The Giver to me, verbalizing the story in such a way, and without giving away the crucial parts, that I was intrigued enough to read it myself.  It was also apparent from his telling that he has made a connection to reading, thought about the implications of the story, and actually wants to read more books.  Even though I am 61, the book is written so that it captured my attention as well as my grandson's.  My husband will be reading it next.The author's treatment of serious subjects, such as sexuality, suicide, and social order, in my opinion, were not in the least way inappropriate or offensive for a teenager.  These are, at least so far, still aspects of life that should not be repressed in literature.  I highly recommend this book and am giving it to my other two teenaged grandchildren to read."
"It would be odd wouldn't it to live in a world where everything was worked out for us? Sure, it would have its benefits, there'd be no tough choices to make, there'd be peace all the time, and hey, maybe it's a great idea and we are on our way already. Jonas, an eleven year old, lives in such a place. He lives with his parents who were picked out for him and so does his little sister. They live practical lives and never insult or attempt on purpose to say anything thoughtless. When kids get to be Twelves, their occupations are chosen and they are set to obtain appropriate training such as caring for the elderly who live in a special building and live their remaining days in comfort until they are 'released.' Even babies are raised in special nurseries where people are assigned to work and care for kids until they are old enough to go to a family unit. Things change for Jonas when he is assigned the job to take in the Giver's memories. These are memories of snowflakes and colors, and with them pain and war and suffering. The memories of the world remain hidden from the town so they can live in relative comfort, but Jonahs learns the cost of living such an easy, unfulfilled life.This is a wonderful read for a change of perspective. Lois Lowry creates a simple and complex world in one tiny short story that will have readers unable to put down until they find out how it all will end."
"I remember this book being one of my favorites as a child but couldn't remember the story, much less why. And I didn't know it was part of a quartet! I'm finishing the others on audiobook. Great story!"
"I was always encouraged to read this in middle school, but I never got around to it.  Now I'm a twenty-something, and we selected this for a book club discussion, and I was completely blown away!  I highly recommend this as a book club selection because it is short enough that everyone can finish it on time, but it packs a serious punch and there are dozens of published discussion questions and ways to explore the book.There's no need for me to recount the plot in this review, and doing so wouldn't explain why this book is so essential.  It has timeless themes, one that will be studied by students for years to come, I am sure.  This is an outstanding book for any teacher wanting to discuss diversity, and how our individualism makes our world so wonderful.  My one word of caution is that the book is deceptively simple to read.  I've heard of 5th and 6th grade teachers teaching the book, and while it is technically readable at that grade level, some of the themes about reproduction, adolesence, and the like are more appropriate for students who are just a few grades more advanced.  Other reviewers have mentioned the age-appropriateness of this book, too.  I recommend it to middle schoolers, no younger, despite the fact that it is technically readable at a younger age.  Middle school students will be able to identify with the changes Jonas is going through as he matures."
"The Giver written by Lois Lowry is about society and humanity. The main role is played by Jonas who lives in a community with Sameness"". Jonas thinks that he lives in a normal world and that he has a normal life in the community until his 12th birthday when he becomes a Receiver of Memories. As a Receiver of Memories he receives memories which are transmitted by the Giver. These memories contain feelings or colours. After that Jonas recognizes that the community is controlled and that everybody has to obey the rules. Nobody in the community knows what feelings or colours are, except Jonas. He cannot bear the situation that nobody  has an individuality in the Community and that is the reason why he escapes in the end. You can clearly see Jonas  changing in the book. At the beginning he is happy and satisfied with his life, but trough receiving memories he changes and becomes more critical and more complex. The message of this Text is to make readers aware of the world they live in. I think everybody has a right to be individual and free. And everybody can decide for himself and nobody should change this. I read the Giver only once. The themes in the Giver are interesting, but the end does not meet my expectations. Because I would like to Know what happens with Jonas in the end, when he is in front of the house. This open ending does not say something about this. Because of this I give only  3 STARS."
"The Giver's a great book relating to folklore. This book, written by Lois  Lowry, is about everyone being the same, with one man remembering all the  things since... well, they don't say, but you get the impression of a very  long time ago. Jonas helps this man out, to release these stored memories  and return them to the people, so they'd ""remember"" such things  as colors and originality. The idea was sort of taken to an extreme, but  memories and passing them down is an important part of all cultures.  This  is where folklore comes in. Folklore consists of tales passed down  from  earlier generations. Stories that are fun to hear. Stories that scare the  pants off you. Stories that grip you and don't ever let you go, or let you  forget. And they're made to be so. Why would anyone bother sharing such  tales, only for them to be forgotten the next day? They'd be useless. So  they have worked these tales into their culture, wrapped their grain of  truth up in layers of comedy, horror, or whatever best suits it, and fed it  to their children, so that they might further pass it on.  This book shows  this all, and what would happen if it didn't exist. Yes, it's sort of  extremist, but it's a goood read. Definitly something that'll make you  thankful for your own culture's tales and folklore. And remember, just  because it's folklore, doesn't mean it was never real.~Mike Mawhinney~"
"This book was read to my class in the 6th grade (1996-ish). I absolutely remembered nothing of it other than the fact that I liked it.Reading it 15 years or so later I still remember nothing of it except that same fact - I like it.The story follows Jonas into his twelfth year - the age at which future jobs / endeavors are prescribed by this apparently utopian society. At each age something is given, life is perfect the family is composed of mother, father and up to two children - at request. Food is abundant, the concept of `death' is non-existent, many things are hidden or circumvented in awkward terms...Jonas is selected for a very prestigious role - he is to be the `Receiver'. For there to be a receiver there must, by nature of implication, be a `Giver'.The Giver is the holder of the societies body of knowledge. He's much akin to an encyclopedia with the addition of the feeling, the aura-glow of those memories which are possessed within...He is boundless, he possesses pleasure, pain, war, hate, love... every emotionally straining & uplifting event that has ever happened in the history of civilization. While he holds these the community cannot experience any of them - however, because apathy is the status quo, the lack of feeling doesn't interfere with `normal' life.... Until you've received the memory and you question `how is not feeling this any good for the people lacking it?'"
"Lois Lowry's The Giver has collected a variety of awards since its 1993 publication; in fact, The Newberry Medal is prominently displayed on Gift Editions of the title. However, as is often the case with award winning books, this one garners much controversy, falling, too, on the American Library Associations's most challenged list. Aimed at an approximately sixth-grade demographic, The Giver opens as a Utopia but soon reveals itself to be a dystopia instead.Well crafted enough to hold an adult's attention, Lowry's premise of sameness is shocking when inevitable conclusions are reached within the safe, rule-ridden society. Though the community has little variation, the text is vividly descriptive, and readers soon know that this is a colorless world. Life is simple here. So simple that there are no choices to be made by individuals, for it is the community, not the person that holds importance. In this culture, to be too different is to be released into, well, nobody knows into what! Most don't even understand what the term means. When Jonas discovers that choices could be made if things were different and the true meaning of ""release,"" he must take action.If you want a short read that doesn't take a lot of concentration, this children's book is a great choice. As always, read the book before seeing the movie because books are always better. Then, enjoy both."
"The Giver is a book about a futuristic utopia. The communities practice sameness in which every person goes through the same stages in life, with a certain possession to show their stage. They are unable to choose their own spouse, let alone have children of their own; a committee that tracks every person's volunteer hours and habits predetermines all this. Everyone sees in a gray scale, and the weather is always perfect. When Jonas reaches Year 12, the committee assigns him and all the other Year 12's to a career path. Jonas is skipped over till the end, when he is announced to be the Receiver of Memories; he is given all the memories of the past- wartime, love, Christmas, summer, a sunburn, etc. This shows Jonas that in order to fully appreciate what you have, you have to have lost something or experience heartbreak. Pain coincides with pleasure, and Jonas wants people to be able to experience these deep emotions and choices like humans past.This book is a very interesting read and it shows how much humans want to control everything in order to create something that they believe is perfect. It is a different perspective on how to ban biases and stereotypes in society by relinquishing the right to freedom of choices and being an individual. The cliffhanger at the end of the book allows the reader to decide for his/herself what the fate of Jonas is and the future of this utopia."
"My sixth grade grandson was required to read this for school While I think it may not be appropriate in some areas for a sixth grader, it does prompt a lot of good discussion questions about society."
"The Giver was one of the most interesting books to read.  It was very easy to read, and I would really recommend it to people of all ages.  These people lived in a world where there were restrictions on practically everything.  Even left over food was to be recycled.  But for a community that was to be so perfect, well I've got my own response.  When Jonas was picked to be the new reciever he was very scared because he really did not know what to think.  Jonas and the Giver developed a friendship that could last forever.  But I believe that the best thing that could ever happen to him was to just plain and simply leave his home.  But what really got to me was the fact of how they decieved others of what being released really meant.  The fact that they killed the lighter of the twins just because there could not be two of them was one of the most cruelest things yet.  But in a so called perfect society I believe things like that would happen every day.  It's just the only two people who knew what feelings where just couldn't take it anymore.  Jonas left and the Giver had been living ten years of grief because his only daughter Rosemary had wanted to be realeased.  So if you have an hour or so to spare this book would be a great one for you to read.  Or if you were interested in what you might think the future would be like in another 100 years I believe this would give you some insight."
"Daniel TyrrellPeriod M  Book review5/3/10The book The Giver  is about a kid names Jonas who lives in a community that is just perfect they have no crime, no poverty,  no unemployment, and no diseases. But in the community you have absolutely  no freedom because  when its your birthday on certain years they have ceremony's which they give you new things but you lose your previous things. The other is that when you turn 12 you officially become a adult and your assigned a job, a spouse, and you can sign up for a baby. Then when Jonas gets the most important job in the community he starts to get memories from the last recover and he learns watch the community used to be. I think that the book was a decent one It wasn't one of my favorite books because it seemed boring to me because all it did was describe the community the only part in the book I got that wasn't boring was the end because so many things happened. Also I think that Lois lowery could had make the book make more sense because I think that their would never be a community that is so perfect. But I thought Lois did a very good job with the explaining of the story and the description. I would recommend this book to readers 9 and older because you need to be a little older to understand this book. I would rate this book a 3 stars because it had great descriptions but it was pretty boring."
"For those who are reading or going to read the Giver here's some advice for future connections in reading group discussions. In your groups you have discussions and in your discussions you have to make some connections if any. It's nearly impossible to make connections to the Giver. Text to text, text to self, and text to world connections are hard to come by when reading this novel. How? Well, this is a made up book just like a lot of other books are. But, this book not only takes place in an unreal town or city, it also takes place in an almost unreal planet type world. People do some of the same things on Earth as other Earthlings do. So it is nearly impossible to connect what we do here on Earth to what they do on their own planet. That wipes out the ability to make text to world connections. Another reason for this near impossibility to connect is accounted for the deepness and detail that Lois Lowery writes in. She writes with such detail that you don't see the main points of the plot. You're lost in detail. Some books you can relate The Giver are other sifi, methodical book such as The Lord of the Rings, and the Star Wars series. I feel that in connecting you must thing outside the box to get information that is identical to both books. I hope I have given you advice to not only assist the process to connect The Giver but other books as well."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is a very exciting book. Some of the characters are Mother, who is in the departmant o justace, Fateher who is in a nurturer, a person who takes care of the newborn children, and Lilly who is Jonas's sister. All of those characters are in Jonas's family unit, but the more important characters are Gabe who is an enjoyable newborn child, The Giver who is older, kind and smart, and Jonas. Jonas is the main character in The Giver and seems to be very brave and heroic.  The Community that Jonas lives in is very safe, the same, and orderly, with no contact to the world outside of the community's walls. Everyone's life is chosen for them, their family unit, name, job, and absolutly everything else.  On the day that they get their jobs, Jonas is chosen as the reciever of memory. The Giver shows him things that he never kew existed, and cannot talk to anyone about them except The Giver. Soon Jonas makes a big decision to help the Community.  I enjoyed The Giver alot. It has many exciting lines in it such as 'He killed it. My father killed it!'. Another reason I loved this book is because it had many descriptive feelings in it such as 'Apprehensive, Jonas decided, that's what I am.'. One more reason I enjoyed this book is that I had the same feelings jonas had. I felt as if I were Jonas. I highly recoment this book to anyoe. You are garenteed a great book."
The Giver is an interesting book in a weird kind of way. The boy Jonas had alot of experience with the five senses. I liked the Giver he was nice and gentle. He taught life lessons to Jonas. The is also different from our world. We don't have to dress alike all of the time. We can see the colors all around us. We are not put into groups by our age. We have different schools for just about all ages. The part I liked about the book is when Jonas was on the last sled ride right before the book ended he heard the people singing. He had never heard them sing before. It was a nice dream for him to have because it was a happy dream. The part I didn't like was when the people couldn't see any color. Seeing color is a wonderful thing. How could anyone live without color. Another thing I didn't really like was the Sameness. Me myself I couldn't live in a world of Sameness because I couldn't be the same as anyone else. I am a very unique person I do things different from a lot of people. I am athletic in which I don't think the people in this book were very athletic except for Jonas on the sled ride. Another thing was the very crucial punishment. They got in trouble for saying words wrong. Then they punished senior citizens with the discipline wand. In our world we consider rude to hit senior citizens. As far as the rest of the book I really enjoyed the book. It was very extraordinary!!!!!!!!!
"This book is very like-able.  It moves at a good rate and keeps the reader in curiousity.  It is easy to understand and relatable to the reader.  It is about a oung boy named Jonas and hs escaping the place in which he lives  in.  He gets picked to recieve the thoughts of the world as t was before it  was monitored and perfect.  When there was pain and suffering, as well as  pleasure and happiness.  After experiencing this he takes his little  brother Gabrielle and ventures to find a world in which he can experience  those emotions.  He leaves without telling anybody and it is known that he  left.  This part leaves the reader in the most suspence.  He also leaves  when having feuds with his family, about their beliefs and their sayings.  He also is't emotionally attached to them because they aren't his birth  parents.  He was put in this family when he was just a kid with no choice.  His thoughts and emotional suffering, as well as his happiness with the  Giver,(the man giving him all the memories of the times before) is  relatable to the young reader's own feelings.  I would definetely recommend  this book to any reader.  This book is right for all readers because it has  a little bit of everything.  It is heartfelt, adventurous, and has a  comfort to it that any reader would like.  This book should definetly be  read, if you are young or old, or in between, this book is for you."
"***CAUTION: Contains spoilers***The Giver is a book based on the future where everybody lives with no color at all. The main character of our story is a 12 year old boy named Jonas who finds out he is an apprentice for The Giver, an old man who remembers everything from the past good and bad. While all of his friends have normal apprenticeships, Jonas is forced to learn about the past and keep mostly to himself. Jonas learns the horrible truth of whatoday being released means after The Giver shows him the video of what Jonas's own father did to a poor, helpless baby who weighed less then its twin. Jonas's adoptive mother and father make him take pills for dreams called Stirrings, and tell him ""love"" isn't a proper word to state their affection for him. They say, ""Do we enjoy your company? Yes. Do we like that you are a child? Yes! So now you can see why ""love"" isn't a good word to use, correct?"" And then Jonas knows he will never feel that strange, powerful feeling of love. He decides to run away with the baby that was staying at his family's house that was going to be released. With the help of The Giver and Jonas's new memories of the past, you are left wondering at the end of the book if Jonas and the baby died of hypothermia or lived forever in a state of madness. Or make up your own ending, it's up to you in this fantastic sci-fi novel, The Giver."
"First read this when my 30 year old son was young. Still love it. Had to buy another copy for me as he took his with him. Reread the first 3; and now on the 4th in the series, Son. Highly recommend."
"This novel is a strange sci-fi that teaches the reader of the importance of the normal things we take for granted, such as loving families, joy, color, and even sunlight.  A powerful book I enjoyed!"
"Arguably, today's society has many flaws.  Imagine a society where everything is the same.  There is no colour, no distinction, and above all, everyone has a place chosen by what is best-suited for them and theircommunity.  Everyone follows the rules and if they don't they leave.  As children grow in this community, they are taught to be exactly the same as everyone else while at the same time maintaining their personalindependence.  Welcome to the world of the Giver.  Jonas has lived this way all his life, and as such he is almost mortified when he is singled out to hold a job amongst the highest ranking of elders, receiver ofmemory.  When you leave behind a world of pain to create a utopian society, you must remember what you left behind so that you don't revert back.  At the age of 12, Jonas is selected to be the one who remembers what his society left behind and is forced to endure pain so others don't.  The question is, will he fight what he thinks is so unfair when he is unable to leave?This is a very good book that never gets dull.  Something is always happening so it will keep you on your toes until the end of the book.  Another plus is that the book is short so it doesn't take too long to add another book to your ""read"" collection.  It is a good book for a wide range of ages and is worth reading a second time, or third..."
"I think that The Giver, by Lois Lowry, is a fantastic book about a  supposedly ""Perfect"" world which in most cases isn't always so  Perfect. Some people think that with ignorance comes no pain, but the  author proves how this is completely untrue.The author shows the life of  an eleven year old boy--properly called an 'Eleven' who is soon to become a  'Twelve' and find out what he is to become or""What is to become of  him"" He is chosen to become the Receiver of Memory, the most important  and honorable role in the Community. He is to learn all secrets and  memories of life including ones that are most enjoyable, and some that give  the most excruciating pain.The author describes the upside and downside  of this world. The upside is that no one can make a mistake,for example;  someone may choose a job they don't like,or the wrong spouse, and people  may have alot of children then there would not be enough food. But you  see,that doesn't happen in this world, in this world everything is chosen,  or set out for you and you can't make a simple decision like: What color  shirt should I wear today? Namely: the Downside.This book is great  because it made me feel the pain of ignorance, the joy of learning, and the  love between a teacher and a student. This is a WONDERFUL book and I  recommend it to anyone who enjoys wonderfully written books."
"I loved this book as a child and bought a copy for my teenage son. I made him read it before watching the movie, and he agrees that the book is better. Much more affordable than others I looked at."
I read this as required reading when I was in middle school and it's even better the second time. Great mystery as to knowing what is going to happen to the main character. A really unique story...
"I enjoyed this book.  The story line was never boring and it moved at a good pace.  The unique ending leaves the reader curious about the boys fate.  This is a great read for adults, teens, and children over the age of nine.Jonas grows up in a society where there is no crime, pain, or inequality. This ""ideal"" world is created because controls have been established that promote sameness.  For example, climate controls have been devised that prevent different seasons, medication is taken to suppress sexual impulses, colors have been eradicated, jobs are assigned by community elders, and spouses and children are designated based on compatibility.Jonas' life changes when he turns twelve and is assigned his role as the receiver. He begins his training with the ""Giver.""  The giver is the only person that holds all the memories of life's true pleasures and pain. The giver's job is to transfer these memories to Jonas, and train him to become the next giver. When these memories are passed on to Jonas, and he experiences pleasure, pain, and the freedom of choice, he becomes torn between his presently controlled existence and a possible uncontrolled existence that includes pain, war, pleasure and love. He must decide between the two worlds for himself and everyone living in the community.This is a wonderful read for anyone that enjoys science fiction and adventure."
"The Giver was an excellent book that could be appreciated by anyone over the age of about eight. The setting is a community that is secluded from all other parts of the world. The environment in which these people live is quite unlike society today and the people are deprived of memories, feelings, sexual desires, and having true bonds with others. Each person in the novel is given an assignment, not unlike assignments that are given in communist societies. The main character, Jonas, is given the daunting task of being The Receiver. In doing his job, he must receive all of the memories of the world in order to shelter the other members of the community from the pain they are associated with. Jonas has a difficult time accepting some of the ways of the community, and the character vs. society conflict occurs throughout the entire plot.The most interesting part of this novel is the fact that it can be directly connected to our lives in society today. Ways that people think and react to each other are portrayed quite accurately throughout the novel, whether it be one's unwillingness to listen or the general acceptance of the way things have been done in the past. It is also easy to see how people today take what they have for granted such as love or even relationships. This novel is an eye opener and I would undoubtedly recommend it to any person of any age."
"As there are so many reviews that has some kind of spoiler in them,I won't be describing what the book is about. After I finish this book, the first thing that came out of is ""WOW."" This book describe that a world need conflict and opinion and most of all-LOVE.I'd recommand to age 10+."
"The idea of this book is really good, but the result of the idea does not really satisfy. The idea of creating a new world without any feelings,colors and no pain at all is very interesting. But because of the open end, there is no end and so there's no result how this would work in the reality."
"This is a good book but really, really, really, really, really, really, sad at the end. It was an amazing book in the beginning and middle, but closer to the end it is sad and a lot of people die. It really leaves you hanging. If you like sad and depressing endings, this is for you."
"Taking a look into a possible future eutopia is always interesting.  The writing style didn't really catch me, but the concept made me want to read on to see what would happen.  An ok book, but I can imagine the conversations one could have with young adults while reading this book."
"I like this book. But, I'm not sure about the ending. It just leaves you thinking, "" Where's the rest of the book?""Even though Lois Lowry is a great  author, I didn't know what was after the end. What happened ? What did they do?aaron, 8 year old [A eight]"
"A true classic.  Reviews indicate that The Giver is for ages 12 to 14, or young adult.  My 12 year old grandson told me it was his favorite book, so when I saw it at a yardsale, I bought it.  I'm 71, have lots of favorite books, but this is now added to my list.  Truly ageless!"
"This book should be a ""must read"" for every young person particularly those whose life, thus far, is focused on the material ""rewards"" of life. The Giver can be humbling, uplifting plus a treatise on what our lives are really all about. Adults will find ""sage"" philosophies as wee."
"Books are all interconnected, but I haven't read the last one yet to see how it is connected.  A student in my third grade class asks every day if I have read anymore of my books.  I have been keeping him update.  He has a bad home life and this is how I am connecting with him."
I loved this book. This was one of my favorite books. I love to read and reading that book makes me want to read more. I buy at least one book each year and i will buy the Giver this year.Next time I look for a book to check in i will look for one by Lois Lowry.
"I enjoyed the series as a whole. I felt the story lines were heart warming, relatable, exciting and interesting. I wanted to see where their lives went and how things developed for them. I read the series quickly to keep up with the adventures. I would recommend it to others."
"Jonas is apprehensive. He is twelve, and twelve means receiving your adult assignment and beginning training for what you will do with the rest of your life. He has good reason for his apprehension, for he is not assigned a job, he is instead selected for the mysterious position as The Receiver of Memory. When he begins his training his whole life begins to change, unravelling everything he previously thought he knew about the world, leading him to question if he is strong enough to do what is necessary.I have heard much praise for this book and it has lingered on my pile of books to read someday for years, but it wasn't until my son read it and declared it one of his favorite novels that I felt compelled to read it immediately. I liked it. I get why he loved it. I don't get why so many adults love it. This is a book clearly intended for middle readers, ages 9-12, and I think for that age range it is a great example of dystopian literature. That said, it is a very simplistic novel. I wanted the themes of the book to be explored more fully. I needed more information on how and why the world had become as it was. I was looking for more emotional depth and growth from all the characters. I desired more complexity and conflict. So did I enjoy it? Certainly. But for me, one book in this world is enough. I will be looking instead for more books that are more fully developed."
"The Giver is about a boy named Jonas who lives in a community in the future.  In this community most people don't make choices; only a few elected officials make choices.  This committee of elected officials chooses everything for everybody, from your job to what your name is.  They choose EVERYTHING. In the beginning of the book Jonas is an eleven, which means he is eleven years old.  When children become twelve they are assigned jobs, but when Jonas becomes a twelve, he isn't assigned a job he is selected to be the new ""receiver"". The receiver is the person who receives memories from the past. These are the memories of true pain and of true pleasure. The man who gives Jonas the memories likes to be called the Giver.  After awhile, Jonas and the Giver make a plan to give the people the memories, but it's very risky. I believe that this is one of the best books ever written. I think this way because it gives an excellent idea of what life without choices would be like.  I think this is important because the ability to make choices is something we usually take for granted.  I love how Lois Lowery slowly reveals things about this world throughout the book.  At first it looks like nothing is different but slowly you start learning about this community.  This is a great book and I hope I have convinced you to read it."
Very dark for a elementary age reading (I remember friends of mine reading this in the 4th grade).  I found The Giver really sticks with you.  Lowry is clearly a great writer.  Highly recommended!
"Jonas community is different from our common society. They stress the conformity and sameness. They will receive the assignment at 12 age, and they should follow the assignment which was arranged each other. They don't know common thing like color, snow, pain, war and so on, because the community is very specially. Jonas would be able to receive the Receiver from the ceremony at 12 age, and he trained by the Giver. At the end of the story, Jonas leaves to the community with his brother who has same color eyes with Jonas.  I hate the rule in the story because it interfere their freedom and choice for the future. In addition, they don't care death; moreover, they think the death is the real release So, I opposite to the side of the story. However, it might be right the community is perfect society. There are not any difference between people like poverty and rich, idiot and genius. If they don't know another society, they will be live very perfectly. I impress the part of training about Christmas. Jonas considered the family and love at there. It is one of the emotions, but in the community, their family is not real, and it is also already decided by community. They have a birth mother separately.  The book is very differently other fiction, and I think about the common our society again, and I can remind the material who settled in the present because of the story."
"This book is yet another example of Lois Lowry's wonderful work.  Her novel deals with the importance of memory and of the necessity of recognizing change -- the concept that life doesn't stand still. In this novel, a young boy becomes the holder of memory for a society.  He must learn to deal with the pain and pleasure that has accumulated over the years. The novel is vaguely similar to Ayn Rand's Anthem.  It includes the theme of free thought and is set in a society where your life is chosen by the community.  It is, however, more realistic psychologically speaking.  In Rand's novel, the setting is an oppresive one in which the main character is unhappy with his life even though he does not realize that there is indeed a different manner of living, and somehow manages to instinctively change his lifestyle to Rand's ideal.  In The Giver, the main character doesn't realize that another manner of life can exist until he actually experiences it.  For example, the society had managed to lose the concept of color, and while the main character notices it, he has no idea of what is going on.  It isn't untill someone explains it to him that he can specifically say why some object appears to be different from another while the shapes may be the same. This novel is very original, and very well done.  I would definately suggest reading/buying it."
"This is a great book for making teens think. I had both my teens read it and then we discussed it in a teen group, the discussions were great. I even recommend it for adults that haven't read it."
"The Giver is one of the best short books that I have read.  It uses a lot of unusual ideas and dialogue, and the book makes you think of what the future holds for us.  In the book, Jonas an 11-year-old boy is about ready to become a man in his community.  The community in the book is a utopia, where everything is perfect.  He lives in a community where the citizens have never heard of war or pain.  Children are assigned to married couples and you have to take pills that will not allow you to have any ... fantasies. Anything that isn't perfect is ""released"" from the community, including people! When a young man turns 12 in his community, many responsibilities are put upon him.  He is assigned a job according to his abilities and what is good for the community.  When Jonas turns 12, he is assigned the job of being the Receiver.  The Receiver is one of the highest-ranking jobs in the community.  Jonas would have to go the Giver's dwellings and receive all of the memories from the past.  The Giver shows him memories of war and pain, which Jonas is devastated by.  He also shows him memories of good things like snow and sled-riding, both of which Jonas as never heard of. The book goes on with Jonas receiving many memories and wanting to experience these feelings.  But, he knows that there is no way to experience them there, so he decides to take action."
When I started reading The Giver I couldn't put it down. After reading the first chap. it starts getting really good. I'm saying this out of experience that this book should be 10 STARS!!!!!
"In a world that strives for ""sameness"", Jonas literally begins to see things differently.  War and pain have been eliminated, even people's jobs are chosen for them.  To makes an interesting read, a book needs conflict.  Jonas is that conflict.  Just as pre-teen Jonas questions things, the book asks the target audience of young adults to do the same.The prospect of a world in which every human action becomes robotic has become a reality.  Child rearing is a system controlled by the authoritarian rulers.  Work is only interupted by occaional leisure.  Action is taken without thought. Jonas witnesses a shocking act by his father that completely changes his peception of his world.  Being trained that the Receiver of Memory, Jonas is given information beyond the average person.  He trained as the keeper of knowledge most people will never know.  What he sees haunts him.  As the apprentice to the current receiver, Jonas finds an ally.  He is not the only one uncomfortable with his world.  Jonas seeks to make a change.Aspects of ""The Giver"" are well thought-out.  The characters are developed nicely to fit in the scheme of the plot.  The ending seemed to be rushed and fell short of expectations.  Many readers may not understand the author's choice for an ending.  In the big picture, ""The Giver"" is a well-developed read for young adults and adults."
"The Giver is a different variety of dystopian fiction, not action packed and full of violence like much of the current crop. Instead, it's a thoughtful, beautifully written story , almost lyrical.It begins with Jonas and his anticipation of the annual December ceremony, where every birthday for the year is celebrated, another way of assuring ""sameness"". But this year is special. As a Twelve, this is the year when, after a childhood of evaluation, he will be assigned his role in life by the community elders.The community is not evil or power mad or abusive of its people. Instead, it provides for all of their needs. Everyone is polite and respectful of each other. But something is missing. We follow Jonas as he gradually discovers the flaws in his world and, along with his mentor, The Giver, realizes the need for change.There'll be a tendency to label this YA only or even middle grade, because the main character is twelve. But I think this is a book for all ages. The story is at times touching, tragic, and melancholy, but always told with an understated simplicity that makes what's happening even more moving.The Giver is an emerging classic. I'm surprised I've missed it until now. For lovers of this genre. It won't be the wild ride of The Hunger Games, but it will stay with your long after you're done."
"I knew of it and I knew it was rumored to be very special, but I didn't understand why. I would dare to try to explain how or why, but I know I will be thinking about The Giver for a long time."
This has always been my hands down favorite book.  I absolutely love it and the lesson it teaches you.  I think it's a must read for any person who is looking for something interesting to read.
"The Giver is a thought provoking book.  The community is controlled by a group of elders who believe they are protecting the people of their community.  The people in the community experience a life without pain and little emotion and no memories of the past.  This is seemingly a wonderful life except it is a life controlled by a committee.There is however, one individual the Giver, who carries the burden of all memory, emotions and suffering for the community.  He is like Jesus who died on the cross and took all of our sins with Him except the Giver is not perfect. Therefore, every number of years a new child is picked by the committee to be the receiver of all the pain, memories and emotion.  The current giver passes this on to the new giver and so the community continues until one receiver no longer plays by the rules of the community.The burden of being the reciever is great and they bare much pain during this time.  I like how Jonas became the receiver and took up all the memories and realized all that is wrong about the community.  I dislike that there is no lovingness between the members of the community.  They have no pain but they also lack any real passion or love.  It made me appreciate that although life can be difficult (there is real good and real bad), these two conflicting emotions are what bring vitality to life."
"The Giver is a thought provoking book.  The community is controlled by a group of elders who believe they are protecting the people of their community.  The people in the community experience a life without pain and little emotion and no memories of the past.  This is seemingly a wonderful life except it is a life controlled by a committee.There is however, one individual the Giver, who carries the burden of all memory, emotions and suffering for the community.  He is like Jesus who died on the cross and took all of our sins with Him except the Giver is not perfect. Therefore, every number of years a new child is picked by the committee to be the receiver of all the pain, memories and emotion.  The current giver passes this on to the new giver and so the community continues until one receiver no longer plays by the rules of the community.The burden of being the reciever is great and they bare much pain during this time.  I like how Jonas became the receiver and took up all the memories and realized all that is wrong about the community.  I dislike that there is no lovingness between the members of the community.  They have no pain but the also lack any real passion or love.  It made me appreciate that although life can be difficult (there is real good and real bad), these two conflicting emotions are what bring vitality to life."
"I liked the book, The Giver, because it told you what life would be like if we lived in a ""perfect"" world. The story is quite confusing though. It took me a couple of chapters to realize that Jonas calling himself an Eleven, or a Twelve, wasn't a typo, and they really say, ""Congrats, Sally, on becoming an Eight.""The book also made me thankful for what I have. In the book, no one besides the Giver, who is the Reciver of Memories, and Jonas, a boy in training to become the Reciever of Memories, knows about all the joyous, and sad, and colorful things in the past. Like playing games with your grandparents, sledding through snow, or lying out on a beach on a sunny day. In this ""perfect"" world, there is no color. There is black and white, no red or blue, or purple. Everything is perfect.Towards the end of the book the Giver and Jonas device a plan to escape. I still don't know exactly what this plan is. I thought the entire time Jonas was escaping the village, riding through the trees on his bike, and sleeping under bushes, that he was going to jump in a river and drown himself. I thought that because the Giver and Jonas had talked about it a few times.As I said, it's confusing, but it's a good read. It makes you think about what your life would be like if you lived in the town with Jonas, in a world where everything is decided for you."
"This book is pretty good, but not one of Lowry's best. It's about Jonas, a boy who lived in a futuristic community and was becoming an adult member of it. As an apprentice to the Receiver of memories, he learned about the  individuality, color, and variety of the past. That's when the boy and old  man knew that things needed to be changed. It was cool to learn about  another world, how Jonas received memories of sunshine and snow. It was  sweet how he cared so much for the baby Gabe that his Nurturer father  brought home. A blessing and a curse is that the book is so easy to  understand. Like some sci-fi novels, it doesn't confuse, but it could have  more depth. Why doesn't Jonas reflect more on his new discoveries and  feelings? Maybe he and the Giver(as he calls his mentor)could've done more  to open the community's eyes, but their decision was a start. The book does  serve as a caveat about what any society in the world could mutate into.  This is a young adult book, so you wouldn't expect it to compare to Isaac  Asimov. At least the story does have a happy ending. It would be  interesting if there could be a series about young Jonas' adventures and  what happens to him in the future, but speculating is also fun. Definitely  read some of Lois Lowry's other works like ""A Summer to Die"", but  this one is worth checking out too."
"I read this book many years ago when it was first released, I have vague memory of it, I remembered liking it, I think I remembered crying over it, but I didn't really remember what it was about. With the quartet completed I decided to go back and re-read this book and it took me awhile to get into it. It's written very simplistically (of course it's written for kids) but there is just So much depth to it. I don't think I could have possibly grasped all that was going on when I first read this book as a kid, but reading it as an adult it was just heart wrenching. This society has existed for many generations and science has somehow made it so everyone is the same, there is no color, there are no feelings, no one has choices and if you don't fit into the mold you're released. To be released sounds so gloriously wonderful to everyone until you realize what it entails. It's just heartbreaking. What's really sad is I bet if we could have this perfect society someone would try to go there, someone would try for sameness, for a perfectly moldable society that had no war, famine or strife but with the loss of everything that makes us human. It's a well written book, it truly is, the beginning is slow, but gives you everything to understand the society that Jonas lives in, so when everything becomes clear there is just a great impact. Loved it."
"""The Giver"", by Lois Lowry: A book review by Olga and Kerstin, two girls in the 10th grade from GermanyA few months ago we began to read our first English book in our English class. At first we were afraid not to understand the content, but while reading we recognized that the book was very simple to read and the content was easy to understand. And with the help of mind maps, which we should make to each chapter the content was lot easier to understand.The protagonist Jonas lives in a community, which seems to be perfect. But as Jonas is selected to be the new receiver of memory he observes that it is not as beautiful as it seems. From the memories he receives as the new receiver he notices that in ""Elsewhere"" there are feelings and colours and things he doesn't know about, but there is also pain and war.At first there is to say that we both have the same opinion about this book: The book is FANTASTIC!!!The way how the author describes the events, the feelings and thoughts of the characters impressed us. Each chapter has its own tension and some times the chapters brake up in a tension and this makes the book so exciting.It is only the ending we don't like much, because of the open ending. We think that the book would be better if the author has written on. And that's why we wrote our own endings in our class."
"Lois Lowry's ""The Giver"" is about a world without emotions and truth and about Jonas, a twelve-year-old boy who lives inside this world. He is chosen to be the ""Receiver of Memory"" and works together  with ""The Giver"" to reveal the truth about their existence.  Lois  Lowry's style is not too difficult to read and the links are easy to  understand. However, she knows how to present a book, in which she wants to  make people think about themselves and the world around them but is never  getting boring. By writing the book in that way she creates a wide  readership and does not stay on a small group where the age chooses the  reader. The book deals with an interesting idea of moral and ethic and  tries, from my point-of-view, to stimulatepeople to think again and not  only live their lives but also look to the left and the right and the rest  of the world and the rest of each ones own world. When everyone knows what  happens around, things cannot change without the choice of the people.  In fact, the first parts of the  book are far too unexciting  and unsurprising but around the 12th chapter, the book becomes more and  more a psychological one with deeper meanings. For myself, it is a book  which is a must-read but more than something to beat a bored evening.  The Miracle"
Loved this book! Truly a classic book for mid elementary readers and adults alike. Highly recommend it to anyone who loves to read science fiction or wants to branch out of their normal reads
"I read this book in elementary school and remembered liking it. I just completed reading it again today and realized I love it. The details I remembered from my 10-year-old pursuit were fuzzy. I remembered a couple of the given memories, some of the details of Jonas' selection, and a very short version of the ending. Now I remember it in all its brilliance.Lois Lowry's version of an Utopian/Dystopian society is brilliantly simple in execution and yet complex in the realm of her thought process behind each and every element. It's amazing how simplifying a civilization can actually cause complex paradoxes and tricky snags to tiptoe around or just ignore. Sure it's fictional, but I believe that in a real life Utopia such as this would be shockingly similar. Nothing is ever perfect.I won't go into detail because I don't want to spoil the book; I just want to encourage everyone to read this novel. If you've read it before, read it again. It will cause you to self-examine your own life and the lives around you, wondering how you'd act in Jonas' situation and whether or not you'd be brave enough to follow in his footsteps. Written for children, this Newberry Award winning book intrigues adults as well and is a fantastic, quick read for anyone. Seriously. I read it in about three hours, and I'm not the fastest reader."
"The Giver leads you on a wild fantasy ride through a perfect civilization. It captivates you with it's interesting storyline and it's very diverse characters. This book is different from all others that I've seen with it's original storyline and plot. It all begins when Jonas, a simple twelve year old in the community, gets selected to be the new Receiver of Memory for all of the community. In the Giver's hands over the course of a year, Jonas experiences things he has never known. Pain, love, death and so many other feelings and colours his community has and never will know. This is when Jonas realizes things must change.  This book opens the eyes of it's readers and makes you see how good our world really is. We have choices we can make, colours we can see and feelings we can express towards others around us. In Jonas's world they don't have any of these things. Though people in our world sometimes express feelings of hate and anger, we still are lucky to now what these things are and how to fix them I thought this book written by Lois Lowry was original, fascinating and provocative. Though Lois Lowry has been accused of being a pessimistic in the end of the book, I think the opposite. I believe that in the final chapter the storyline is meant to be that of joy and happiness.  Traci Verleyen"
"The Giver by Lois Lowry deserves all the acclaim that it receives.  The Community and its rules and regulations are an imaginative way of viewing what society could become.  The Giver reminds us that uniqueness is a part of everyday life that everyone very much takes for granted.  It also stresses that the ability to love and cherish our families is also something we must never forget. However, in my opinion, The Giver is left a little unfinished.  Lowry does a wonderful job in describing the community and all of its events, but when it comes to the climax, I feel as though it kind of just leveled off.  My only criticism is the ending.  It definitely could have been more descriptive and informative as to what happened to the Community.  I did enjoy reading it though, and I do feel that it is a good book to use in a classroom environment.  It leaves many opportunities for discussion and debate.  It is conceivable that that was Lowry's exact intention:  to spark discussions over the ending and the many controversial topics within the story itself.  If one was looking for a higher level book that is very closely related with this I would have to say Brave New World by Adolus Huxley.  It is the mature, adult version of The Giver in its questioning of future societies and its regard to love, family, and memory."
"The Giver is the story of a boy named Jonas, who, in his society, is about to go out into the world with his new job and new schedule.  It starts off explaining his life and his home where the world is not set up in a free land but rather in a place perfectly and completely regulated by ""sameness.""  Then, comes the yearly event for the children to grow one year older and this year is the year that Jonas will be given his job and place in the community.  He is given an assignment full of honor and intrigue.  No one knows what it truly is and so Jonas starts off on his adventure.  This is a boy who has always grown up following orders and doing exactly as he's told and then, through his job he is suddenly shown a way for things to be otherwise, a world where things were not always ""sameness.""  This novel is many different things all put together and I do suppose you'd have to talk to the author to know exactly which idea they truly were trying to express, but overall, this is an examination of our society and how people all wish for things that might not be as wonderful as they may sound to be.  This story's moral that hit me the most was that which says that with the good comes the bad and the thought that even if one is so wretched that you might not think you can survive, it's still worth the wonder that you have in exchange."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is an amazing book. The storyline is very interesting and it makes you just want to keep reading. The main character in this book is Jonas and is how he is chosen as the the new Receiver. It is known that he has the capacity to see beyond, but no one actually knows what that means. He is told to keep everything about what he does during the day with the Giver a secret. Knowing that he does try his best, but everything that the Giver has shared with him is so amazing and he just wants everyone else to know and see how wonderful these things are. But all his attempts fail unfortunately Along the way he discovers something that is not so good about all the things he is receiving from the Giver He is almost tempted to ask for a release as the Receiver before him, but he returns the next anyways and continues on. One of my favorite parts is when he learns what colors are. I think its a very cute scene since hes so excited. Also if any of you are wondering if the movie is anything like the book, its definitely not the same at all. Many details are left out as well as random ones added that are not in the book. For example Fiona is barely mentioned in the book but she is one of the, main characters in the movie. Over all I absolutely loved this book and would recommend it to everyone.-Alana P."
"Jonas an eleven year old, is preparing for the annual Ceremony when he will become a Twelve.In essence, he will be leaving childhood behind and beginning the road to adulthood. This is not unlike some religions which celebrate the attainment of age twelve with some sort of ceremony.However, Jonas lives in a community which is strictly controlled in order to preserve a kind of perfection that has serious flaws. When Jonas and others who have been declared a Twelve (no individual birthdays are celebrated; every child advances to the next age in December each year at the Ceremony),they are assigned a specific role in the community. This will become their life's work.Jonas discovers that he has been selected to be the next Giver, which is considered to be a great honor.However, Jonas finds out that this is not such a great honor because his training will be the most difficult of all the others. He also learns the great flaws in the society into which he has been born.The author, Lois Lawry, has incorporated in this story many concepts which are cleverly presented in order to show that the world is not a perfect place and in order to obtain the kind of perfection that is purposed, all undesirables must be eliminated.I'm not sure these concepts are evident to the average young person in the age group for which the book is targeted."
"I'm not sure where to begin on this one. I think what I love about it is that everyone seems to take something different away. There are so many emotions The Giver brings up in people. Some even dislike (dare I say hate? or is that not language accuracy?) the book. While I don't understand the dislike, I respect their right to their opinion.That's what it comes down to, right? Being able to have our own thoughts, emotions, ideas, feelings and opinions. How boring the world would be without these things. Good, bad or indifferent; we all have a right to our opinion.While I respect everyone's right to have their own opinion, I don't agree with a lot of the one-star reviews. I've read some that say we barely got to know the mom, dad and Lily. I felt that was intentional and part of the point. It makes me wonder if those readers didn't ""get it""...or maybe they do but just don't agree with my opinion that this is an important part of the story.I'm so glad I finally got around to reading this book and will now try to convince my 16-year-old son who doesn't usually enjoy reading to give this book a try. I'm anxiously awaiting hearing what everyone else in my book club thought and will be asking my 20-year-old if he read this. I just feel the urge (need) to discuss this book with all and any."
"The book ""The Giver"" has been written by Lois Lowry who wrote many other prize-winning books. Her book ""The Giver"" has also won prizes e.g. the prestigious Newbery Medal ""for the most distinguished  contribution to American literature for children"".  The Giver is a  science fiction book. It`s about a 12-year-old boy who lives in a very  perfect world in the future.At this age Jonas will get his assignment which  has been selected by a committee of this community. The children don`t know  what their assignment will be.  The book ends very abruptly. Nobody knows  what will happen to Jonas.  If you ask me it`s a good book. It is very  interesting to read what a world in the future could be but I don`t want to  live there because everything is controlled. At the beginning it was very  difficult to understand therefore it was boring. But if you had read until  the middle of the book it is going to be more interesting. At the end you  can`t put it away. It`s a pity that the book ends when the story is so  interesting. But now you can think how it will go on with Jonas.You can  choose your own end either a good or a bad one. And that`s also good. I  think you must read it. This book can be read by young people and older  ones. Read the book and build up your own mind and I think you will agree  with me."
"The Giver was about a boy named Jonas and his perfect world.  He had everything going great.  His friends were always there for him, there was no war, and no pain at all.  Everything was in peace.  When he turned twelve, he was assigned a special role like no other.  Jonas was selected to receive special training from an elder man, who was called the Giver.  The Giver showed him things that happen in the real world, introduced Jonas to things such as snow, sleds, runners, colors, downhill, and many other things that we experience in normal life.  Then it was finally time for Jonas to get the truth, so he showed him the pain and pleasure of living a ""real"" life.My favorite part in this book was when the ""Ceremony on Twelve's.""  It just came around the corner.  This event shows a group of children who are to turn twelve.  All of the children were assigned a job.  These are the jobs that they must attend to for the rest of their lives.  During this event, Jonas was the last to receive a task.  This part was very exciting.Overall, I think that this book was great!  It had a lot of cliffhangers.  I couldn't stop reading on and on.  It was an extremely exciting book.  I would definitely recommend this book to readers who enjoy suspenseful stories because this is definitely one.  Read this book!! It's very exciting!"
"Jonas is a young boy living in a society where there is no pain,no feelings, no color, and no past. Everything is the same, everyone is happy. All choices are  made by the Elders, the overseers of the society.People Live in peace and harmony, they know nothing else.  The year of Jonas's twelfth birthday he is given his life's profession. He is the one chosen to be the receiver of memories.The Giver is the one person who holds all the memories for the community. He now gives these memories to Jonas. With these memories comes the truth about the society he lives in. As Jonas receives the memories of the Giver, he becomes frustrated with the community for living a life of sameness. He wants the people to feel love and make their own choices.  Lois Lowry's characterization of Jonas compels the reader to evaluate choices that have to be made in life. Jonas shows tremendous courage when he makes the decision to change his world. He gives up all that he has ever known to give his people a more fulfilling life. Jonas's monumental decision was not an easy one, but he knew he had to do it. Young readers can relate to Jonas's dilemma and appreciate the freedom we have to make choices.  This is a rewarding book for young and adult readers. It prompts thought provoking insights into what makes a perfect world."
".As an English teacher I often have to develop units of study around existing class texts. The Giver is a good utilitarian book for a young adult program that might include an introduction to utopian / dystopian concepts. We trot it out with Animal Farm and it gives us material for discussion. On the down side, I've not seen students who actually enjoy reading it, which makes it a classroom workbook. It's a big success in YA literature and not in danger of going out of print, and this review will disappear among thousands of raves, yet I feel badly for not touting Lois Lowry, who has earned great success with it.I do use her book, but to make the unit more lively I'll add the Kurt Vonnegut Jr. short story, Harrison Bergeron, which can be found for free in an internet search. My students might even analyze the lyrics to, The Big Rock Candy Mountain (where life was a perfect utopia, but they ""hung the jerk who invented work"").This is a good story told at a suspenseful pace, and it includes some engaging emotional elements that can capture the interest of young readers in spikes. Overall, it doesn't have the magic an English teacher looks for in teaching children to love books. As an adult I can analyze it and appreciate why it's good, but if kids don't enjoy a book, that must also be considered."
"this book really makes you think about our world. Compared to Jonas', everything is ""better"". They are not allowed to be unique. Their community must be filled with ""sameness"",but when Jonas is chosed to be the new Reciever of Memory he discovers color,hapiness, and love. He then realizes how nobody else knows about emotions.But when he finds out about all the good things he also learns about hate,war,coldness and death. He and the Giver then decide that Jonas must run away and give the community all their emotions and memory back to them so they can actually feel feelings, feel love,weather, like snow, sunlight and rain, pain but also warmth and excitement. HE also finds out when people of the communtiy are ""released"". Jonas cannot let this happen to baby Gabriel ( a baby who had been taken care of by Jonas and his assigned ""family"" unit). so he then takes Gabriel out of the community , releasing everybodys emotions and memory back to them.  He goes off to a journey far away from the community until they reach a familiar place that Jonas had been given a memory of by The Giver.I really enjoyed this book and if someboady reads it im sure they will like it too. What i liked most about it was that it was not for a second boring. Each chapter it gives new details and new imformation that really makes you stop and think."
"No. Just NO. This is Ayn Rand's 1937 book Anthem in a shallow disguise, so much so it hurts. Maybe I've looked in all the wrong places, but I can't find the author giving any credit to her."
Very futuristic but interesting. However the ending really leaves you hanging. The next book picks up with a totally different character which seems to have no relation to the Giver book 1.
"***WARNING: CONTAINS MASSIVE SPOILERS!***The year is unknown. The community is small, unusually placed. There is no music, snow or color in the community. People see in black and white. Kids are given occupations at 12. Young Jonas is given one: to be a ""Receiver of memory"", from a man called ""The Giver"". The man has scruffy long hair and a long beard, and has memories of the past.However, this community is not what it seems. Jonas' family has a baby boy they adopted named Gabriel. Gabe can not sleep at night. and because of this, he is determined to be ""released"", which is death by lethal injection. Jonas does not know what release is until he sees a video of it happening. Now it's up to Jonas to flee the community.This is an epic and disturbing book. Lowry tells the tale in a third person POV, and intricately does it the way it should be done. It creates a movie in your head... the whole time you're seeing the story happen as you read. Now this book is NOT for the faint of heart. There`s no gore, but it does deal with some very disturbing subjects. People may find its dystopian depiction of society disturbing, but this is a brilliant social commentary of today's society. Think ""Brazil"", but on a more serious and darker tone!Teens, ditch your Twilight books, because THIS is what you should be reading."
"This book was great.  Those that do not think so just do not know a good book when they read one.  Lowry's imagination is amazing and I thorougly enjoyed reading this book.  It is one of my favorites.  I myself am a twenty-year old college student and had to read this for an adolescent literature class.  I've seen the book in the past but was never attracted to the cover of it, so I did not give it the chance.  However, now that I've read it I've have a new appreciation for it.Jonas lives in a community where everything seems perfect- no violence, illness, unemployment, etc.  Everything has been established so that life is enjoyable and content- yet what it has really created is a world of no emotion and free will.  On the day Jonas becomes twelve, he and all of the other children are to get their assignments that will state what they will become in the future- it will train them for professions.  However, Jonas is not assigned.  Instead he is selected to become the Receiver of Memory and to train with one of the elders of the community.  Only called The Giver, this man gives Jonas knowledge, wisdom, and a vision of Elsewhere- the world in which the community has shut itself off.If you like a story that keeps you on the edge of your seat and a desire to find out what happens next, this book is for you."
"What an awesome and thought-provoking book. This book really makes you think about the language that you use and if you're using it because it's  the normal verbiage that others use or if you're using it because it's the proper language. The author of the book called it  ""precision of language"". This book made me look at the way we use the word love, completely different. Now I understand why some people just don't get it because we use the word love in regards to the emotion that we feel but not necessarily the textbook definition of the word. This book is so short but will make you question so many things. While reading this book I asked some of my friends would you want to live in a world where life is orderly, predictable and painless? No one really had an answer and I don't think I have an answer either because I realize that if you live in a world like that you have to give up so many freedoms just like they did in the book....nothing is really left for you to decide because its decided for you.Overall this was great book however I wasn't too fond of the ending. It was brilliant on the authors part to leave you to determine what you think happens in the end but as the reader it is frustrating because sometimes you want to read and know what happened to the characters without having to speculate."
"THE GIVER  ***** This literary masterpiece received many awards, including the ""1994 Newberry Medal"" and ""A School Library Journal Best Book of the Year."" Author Lois Lowry did a marvelous job interpreting a life without color, happiness, pain and love. The Giver proved to the world that Lois Lowry is an exemplary, inspiring, and prodigious writer. Jonas is a child that resides in a world not affected by pain, but yet lacks the feelings of warmth and happiness. When Jonas turns 12, he and the other children of his ""Grade"" receive the jobs they will work in the rest of their lives. While most children get chosen to work in jobs such as taking care of the elderly, Jonas gets chosen to fill in the shoes of the Giver. The Giver is the only man in the town that holds memories of intangible objects we see and express. Now the former ""Giver"" shall pass on his knowledge to Jonas. Will he not be able to take on the intensity and the transition of the life he will be entering, or will he learn the truth, and realize that even expressing pain, is better than expressing nothing. I encourage the reader of this review to fill your mind with the great lessons and passages this book has to offer, or read her other books, such as A Summer to Die or Find a stranger, say goodbye."
"I rarely write a review, but I also rarely encounter a book with such magnitude and power.  This is a great read and a quick page turner.  The plot, which is a simple one, involves Jonas, a young eleven year old boy trying to find out what he will become when he grows up (that choice is never allowed in the community that demands total control).  His is chosen to be a receiver and there is when the book becomes an utter page turner.  So what is this book about?  Its theme is choice and the consequences that we all face when making them.  Do we want a world that is without choice, but is completely safe, or do we risk choice and the potential negative consequences.  Clearly the ending offers a solution albeit it is a dark and poignant one and forces us to evaluate those ideas.  That's what great literature is about.  You are not slammed in the face with a neat solution but instead offered an ambiguous ending that asks the questions that need to be asked.  Clearly the book offers dark themes that many parents don't want their children exposed too, but are they better with Grand Theft Auto, media bombardment, and R rated horror films? This book actually demands that you question and think about situations that will affect everyone in life.  This is an extremely important piece of writing. Well done."
"Jonas was just a normal kid living in Sameness. He felt no love, no pain, and had no real memories. In Sameness, that is normal. There is no color, and everyone is assigned a job and a family. People are restricted to be rude or to lie about anything. Everything seemed normal to Jonas, and he just thought that the world had always been that way. That was how life was for Jonas until the day he became a twelve. He was selected to be the next Reciever of Memory where he will recieve special training from The Giver, and in that training, Jonas will be brought into a whole new world of feeling. Although this sounds good, some of it isn't. Some of Jonas's memories are filled with sadness and pain, and one of them will reveal the awful truth of Jonas's community, where there is no turning back. Finally, Jonas can't stand it anymore. Something has to change. He must find a way to save a baby named Gabriel from an awful fate, he has to save himself, and he has to change his town. What will happen to Jonas, The Giver, Gabriel, and Sameness? The Giver is a wonderful story of love, hope, sadness, but most of all, courage. It will make you smile, cry, and you will never want to put it down. I definitely recommend it to any kind of reader, because reading this book is opportunity that you don't deserve to miss."
"Ever wonder what life would be like without color?  Not just colors as a painter would put on a palette, blues, yellows, purples, and reds, but those colors which give depth and purpose to life, like hope, family, choices, and love.  In Lowry's world of ""Sameness,"" the reader is confronted with an unsettling and even frightening sense of familiarity with this strange world which exists without any sort of color.  Following Jonas, a boy of twelve, Lowry explores the fundamental questions surrounding the importance of life, choices, and individuality.  While it is categorized as a young adults' book, its themes and characters speak to all generations.  Through the memories of a life ""back and back and back"" in time, Jonas and the Giver gain the wisdom and strength to make a choice that will change everything they have ever known.  Through Lowry's colorful, energetic, depth of language, the reader is drawn into Jonas' world and forced to remember with him what life really means.Personally, I would recommend this book to anyone, no matter what age, race, or creed.  It is a story all can relate to and one that forces us to take a step back and take another look at life.  If you enjoyed the movie ""Pleasantville"" you will love The Giver.  By addressing these things in a children's book, Lowry deftly introduces these fundamental and extremely important ideas of life to those who will one day have the power to change the world.  Beautifully crafted and poignant, The Giver is without a doubt a little masterpiece of emotion and art."
I really thought this book was great I could not stop reading this. The author made me have feelings that I have never experienced before. You have to read this book it os the greatest book I have ever read in 7th grade!
"While it was a quick read, it offers many insightful and poignant concepts about life, and freedom and choice.  It's simple to read, yet has heavy and thought-provoking ideas.Check out my full, in-depth review: [...]"
"The Giver  The Giver, the 1994 Newbery Medal winner, has become one of the most influential novels of our time. The haunting story centers on twelve-year-old Jonas, who lives in a seemingly ideal, if colorless, world of conformity and contentment. Not until he is given his life assignment as the Receiver of Memory does he begin to understand the dark, complex secrets behind his fragile community. Lois Lowry has written three companion novels to The Giver, including Gathering Blue, Messenger, and Son. Lois Lowry is an American writer credited with more than thirty children's books and an autobiography. She has won two Newbery Medals, for Number the Stars in 1990 and The Giver in 1994.The Giver is a good book it has some interesting and a lot of unsuspecting stuff happens. It is a good book I prefer you read it too. It is written by Lois Lowry and it is a fiction story. A kid named Jonas is picked to be a receiver and it is very special but it is dangerous. Jonas doesnt want to be the receiver but if he tries to switch he will get released which is not good at all. It is adventurist and fun. He tries to change the rules a little and the Giver helps Jonas then he gos and hides and waits a while and it is fun to explore with Jonas. Life in the futer might not be fun. Everyone has to be at work all day even 12 year old kids have to work like caring for the old. I would give it 5 stars. It is a good book it has a lot of detail. I would recommend this book because it has excitement and wonder."
"As most of you know, I have contracted the Dystopian fever last year, and, as of yet, it still remains uncured. So when I heard so many good things about this 'new classic', I thought, 'why not?'. I was a bit apprehensive to choose a 'classic', because they always sound like very boring difficult readings, but not this one. Not at ALL. Well, this IS a children's book... but the issues dealt within are very adult. That's for sure.The Giver is a short, sweet, creepy and enticing book. There are no more than 179 pages, but the story is so well-written, the characters are so well developed, and the plot is so easy to get lost into, that you can barely believe that so much has fit into such a small number of pages! And, of course, it leaves you wanting more. Much more. I loved it, but I would have been even more content if the book was just a tad bit longer, showing what happened to the village and what really came to happen at the end. I don't like 'open endings' like this one had, but I hear the other books will explain a couple of things, so I'll just have to look for them. :)So, the big deal here was: I have read a LOT of dystopians, and I have always thought of how creative they were... well, as it turns out, (in my opinion, at least), most of them must have been somehow inspired by Lois Lowry's world, because the similarities with some titles are uncanny. I won't list them here, because, really, who am I to accuse others? What I mean to say is: once you've read this one... you'll know what I mean."
"Jonas is a boy who has never really known pain, suffering, or want. why? because he lives in a controlled environment where ""choice"" is a foreign concept.in jonas' society, children are raised to look, dress, and act a certain way. no one can see color or difference or variety in anything. EVERYTHING  is the same. therefore, there is no such thing as race, minority, or majority.everyone is supposedly equal and the only way out of this controlled society is to petition a ""release"" which is none other than lethal injection.jonas is at an age where he is about to become an adult. becoming an adult in his society means being told what job he will take and possibly who he will marry, who his children will be, and where he will live.EVERYTHING is decided for the citizens and no one is allowed to make any real choices.jonas doesn't realize how vague, boring, and controlled his life is until he begins to see color. instead of tan -- a girl's hair in his class turns bright red and an apple goes from boring tan to green.because of his ability, jonas is deemed as the Giver's new apprentice -- that is, he will learn how things were in the past:he will learn about war, pain, suffering, race, gender, ethnicity, and all the things unknown to his society in their boring, lifeless, controlled world.learning to his horror how cruel and limited his society is, jonas resolves to find a better life -- without petitioning release."
"I think The Giver was an excellent book.  I would recommend that book to everyone.  Lois Lowry did a great job in describing the details and keeping the readers attention.  I don't think I lost interest once; it was hard to  put the book down for one second.  I disagree with what other readers had  to say.  People say that the society Jonas lived in was perfect?  After  thinking about it, I don't see a perfect society in my mind. I didn't like  the fact that everyone had bikes instead of cars.  What's the reason for  that?  Everyday was the same weather.  I know some people like different  weather than others, but a little variety wouldn't hurt.  Also, another  reason for its imperfect existence is the purpose of release.  I find that  cruel the way that they do that to people; I don't find that perfect at  all.  I'm an active person and I don't like how everyone in the story was  lazy.  It seemed as if they were all slaves and they had no freedom.  The  characters had no feelings about life.  In today's society you have to work  hard to achieve a perfect family, house, and lifestyle, but there isn't  anyone who has a perfect life.  Everyone has some problems or difficulties  in life, but in The Giver, everything was good.  I know today's society is  out of control, but I think the community in the story is torture.  Life is  an adventure, but not in The Giver.  Everything we go through in life  serves a purpose, so think about if the town is perfect or not.  The Giver  is an excellent book and I recommend you read it."
"As every Newbery Medal winner, The Giver is a very well written children's book. Its deceptively simplistic language reveals a rather horrifying dystopian world. This is a world where people are not given freedom to decide anything for themselves - their spouses, children, careers, future, even clothes or haircuts are all pre-planned and pre-selected for them. They are not allowed to even own their feelings and dreams. Their sexuality is suppressed. Of course, it is done for common good - to preserve peace and serenity, to avoid any disturbance, be that war, hunger, over-population, or simply personal discomfort of pain. Only two people in this community are able to understand what people miss out on. The main character Jonas is one of these people.The Giver is a good book, but:- it is too young; experiences of a 12-year old are too simplistic and lack edge for my liking;- in terms of dystopian setting I found a couple of Lowry's aspects of the Community hard to accept. I believe that no matter how restrictive and oppressive a society is, feelings of love and attachment to one's children or parents remain intact, unlike in this book where family connections are very easily severed and forgotten. Secondly, this story claims that people do not experience a feeling of love, for instance, because they don't have a memory of what it is. IMO, feelings are not something we learn or recollect, this is something that we experience involuntarily.In spite of my complaints, I am interested in reading the sequels."
"Of the many literary devices employed in Lois Lowry's The Giver, the three that are best displayed are the rising action, climax, and resolution.  Although some might say that these areas lack in the novel, it it this lack of explanation of these particular literary devices that makes them so brilliant.The rising action of the book is incredibly exciting.  The reader is not sure what is in store for Jonas on his journey.  The action is most suspenseful when Jonas is leaving the ""utopian"" society he has lived in all of his life.  As Jonas makes his journey in order to restore the memories of the townspeople, the rising action comes to its highest point.  The climax of the story is when Jonas' memories are starting to slip away.  This is a great climax because it gives the reader a sense of insecurity and wonder about the coming events.  After the climax has ended, the author provides the reader with a resolution that does not really resolve anything.  This is because he does not conclude the story in any way, but leaves it hanging for the reader to decide in his/her mind what had happened.  The author does not force an opinion on you, but instead lets the reader make an important decision about the resolution.  Although the author does lead you in a particular direction about what has happened, it is up to the reader to make out the details, and this is why the literary device is used so well.  Without the wonderful use of these three devices, this story would not have as great an impact on the reader."
"I read the book Divergent and wasn't too impressed with it so my wife told me about The Giver.  She said it was the genesis of these newer dystopia novels such as Hunger Games, Divergent, et al.  The book was a real breath of fresh air after reading Divergent.  It is much better written with a lot better premise.The Giver is a first person narrative from the perspective of a 12 year old boy named Jonas.  Through him you find out much about ""the community"" he lives in and you know nothing more than what he shares.  You find out nothing more than what he describes of his world but you find out so much from him when he is selected as ""the Receiver of Memories.""  Once he becomes the Receiver of Memories he learns a lot from ""The Giver.""Now, the book leaves a LOT of questions unanswered and thereby leaves a lot of things up to the imagination.  All of the unanswered questions emanate from you as the reader.  But, having said that, the book excellently reveals certain unknown aspects about ""the community"".  This is a prime reason The Giver won't make a good movie.  Lois Lowry does a wonderful job at subtly yet OMG'ly uncovering facts about ""the community"" as they are learned by Jonas.  There is no way possible a movie can conceal these facets of the community being that a movie is a visual thing and they have to show you what goes on.As short as this book it is it is very riveting and draws you in from beginning to end.  The book is truly awesome."
"I read this book to see if it would be appropriate to give to my 9-year-old boy, who I am sure would enjoy a story with a history/science/dystopian-futuristic-society bent.  And because it's a prizewinner.  And because I work in a children's library and everyone and their mom has to read this book for school.I loved it.  LOVED it.  I look forward to reading the sequel.  I realize this is anachronistic, since I read this book after I read The Hunger Games, but this book for me was everything The Hunger Games wanted to be on its best days.  Lowry's voice is so elegantly spare that it is achingly beautiful. And, while there is death, there is none of the child-on-child bloody battling that I found incredibly disturbing about The Hunger Games.I will not be giving this book to my 9-year-old just yet.  I am sure there are some 9-year-olds who can handle its most mature aspects (SPOILER) -- especially Jonas's first 'stirrings' of puberty, and Jonas watching his father, as part of his job, put a baby to death.  When my kid mostly wants to read silly, goofy stuff, I think he would spend too much time decompressing the heaviness of this novel to be able to appreciate it.  I'll give it a year or two.  Or just wait until he has to read it for school.  I will enjoy rereading it with him."
"This is the second book I have read by Lois Lowry, the first being ""Number the Stars"". I loved that book and decided to give this one a try, especially given the overwhelming positive reviews. I am glad I did. In a nut shell ""The Giver"" is about a boy who turns 12 and is selected as the next Receiver of Memory for his community. As he goes through his training (Receiving memories from the previous Receiver of Memory) his eyes are open and he begins to learn many things about his society that trouble him. Some of the issues he faces are that he truly learns what it means to be ""released"" from the society, the truth about the outside world called, ""Elsewhere"", and love. This is just a small sampling of the issues he tackles. I found the book to be very thought provoking when compared to our current society. One of the issues other than the ones mentioned above is the idea of not having birth parents but rather choosing a child to raise, with two being the maximum. The family seems to be close knit, but is lacking love. If you look at our society, it seems that work and all other sorts of issues are put ahead of the family and there is a lack of love and unity. This, in my opinion is part of the reason why our society has degraded so much. Overall, I thought the book was good and I am glad I read it."
"What a wonderful book.The trailers for the movie don't seem to do the book justice. Lots of drama, technology, etc. What is so amazing about the book is how it is seen through the protagonist's eyes and how ordinary  and satisfied he and his assigned family are, and how they accept the world.Everything is ordered in this world, and on the surface, just like it does for Jonas, seems for the reader to be very congenial and functioning well. As the 12's (group of children) are divided into professions chosen for them, so Jonas is chosen to be the one to hold all the memories from the beginning of time that the ""Giver"" will transfer to him. Unlike the movie, in the book he transfers, at first, pleasant memories, a little at a time. It is the unfolding of these memories, yes the pleasant ones, that bring a dawn of realization to Jonas.I can't tell too much about the book because otherwise it will give the story away. But it's in it's ordinariness and naturalness that all the drama comes alive, not in hype and Hollywood like drama. It's a shame that the producers and directors didn't stick to the book as close as possible. It would have and could have been a truly wonderful movie, the kind people go to, and afterwards, feel that much clearer and better inside, for having seen it."
"The Giver is set in a nonexistent place where everyone has what they call ""sameness"". The main character Jonas has reached the age where he will no longer be considered a child and have to start his training for his assigned job. The town all gathers for a two day ceremony where each age group is moved to the next age group and phase of their development of growing up in ""sameness"". When it comes time for Jonas to become a 12 and receive his new career he is expectantly skipped during his assignment but at the end given the honor of being chosen to become the next Receiver of the community. Jonas has always known that he was somewhat different then his friends so when he finally starts his training he comes to realize that he was put into the right assignment. Jonas learns that ""sameness"" is not what is best for the community and along with The Giver plans to make everyone see what they have been missing.The Giver is one of my all time favorites and is more for the age group of pre-teens or older. The older the reader is the more the reader will be able to understand and analyse it. This is definitely a book that can be read more than once in my opinion and the story line never gets old because it does not give any specific time frame. A MUST READ..several times!"
"The giver is a very interesting story. In the story, The Giver was a community.In this community, every thing would be arranged by them. People need not to decide their life, job, even marrige. The community would do these things for you. Also, the things they had done would be very, very, graet. That meant you need not worry about yourself. Also, in this community, there was no memory, sentiment, colour, and music.They just had basic life requirement. However, in this community, there was one persom expect, his name was Jonas, the main character in the story. He had to bear the memory for whole community. Also, he must bear pain, consternation and lone by himself. Also, he knew what warm, happy and love was. He was called receiver of memory. When he bacame the successor of receiver of memory, he had some experience that never had before. After he knew more about the receiver of memory, he thought the world he lived was with reason. Finally, he chose to escape.  The story is quite interesting. After I have finished reading, I feel this is a really good book. The writer's conceive is just wonderful.That's the reason why this book had got many prizes and my teacher recommend the book to me. A world with a wonderful society, although it couldn't become ture, I really intertested in it."
"The Giver, by Lois Lowry, is a very eye-opening book.  It shows readers what the world would be like if everything was decided for them.  It gets people thinking about how, even though life may have its problems and  disasters, they are pretty lucky to be able to handle those things as they  feel appropriate.  It made me glad to have as much freedom as I do because  I can express myself and be different.  It makes you realize that we, as a  society, take things for granted and we should appreciate all we have, all  we have the ability to experience, including the pain and the suffering.  The Giver teaches that we should appreciate these things because WE have  the right to choose what we do and we can take any pain and suffering and  use it to learn from, something that people in The Giver could not do.  It  makes you think about what you would do if you couldn't do that, if someone  decided that a society should be uniform and not have any instability at  all.  In fact, something that people don't realize, that I did when I read  this book, is that instability is what makes our society great.  It's the  spontaneity, unpredictability, and differences that make life worth living.  The Giver is a great book that gets people thinking about their lives and  how truly grateful they ought to be."
"THE GIVER  ***** This literary masterpiece received many awards, including the ""1994 Newberry Medal"" and ""A School Library Journal Best Book of the Year."" Author Lois Lowry did a marvelous job interpreting a life without color, happiness, pain and love. The Giver proved to the world that Lois Lowry is an exemplary, inspiring, and prodigious writer. Jonas is a child that resides in a world not affected by pain, but yet lacks the feelings of warmth and happiness. When Jonas turns 12, he and the other children of his ""Grade"" receive the jobs they will work in the rest of their lives. While most children get chosen to work in jobs such as taking care of the elderly, Jonas gets chosen to fill in the shoes of the Giver. The Giver is the only man in the town that holds memories of intangible objects we see and express. Now the former ""Giver"" shall pass on his knowledge to Jonas. Will he not be able to take on the intensity and the transition of the life he will be entering, or will he learn the truth, and realize that even expressing pain, is better than expressing nothing. I encourage the reader of this review to fill your mind with the great lessons and passages this book has to offer, or read her other books, such as A Summer to Die or Find a stranger, say goodbye."
Depressing to think of living like that. Good book for book club because there is a lot of room for opinions and discussion.  Wouldn't have read it if it hadn't been  book club choice.
"This beautifully written story kept me entranced and reading the book from cover to cover without a single stop,  She has left me deep in thought and with a bitter sweet solace ."
"We read this book for school and, well, the begginning sounds boring but it is awesome!! The ending is great! On a scale of 1-5 with 5 the best-I'd give it a 10! It's worth it to read!"
"The main characters of this book are called ""The Giver"" and the ""Receiver.""  Jonas is a 12-year old boy who was chosen by the community to be the next ""Receiver.""  This isn't your average community, this community is runned by the Council.  They run it by advice that is given from The Giver.The one thing I liked about this book was that Jonas got to work with The Giver.  I thought it was really cool that Jonas got to experience seeing colors, riding on sleds, snow, sunshine, sunburn and pain.  Things that he never even imagined.  That was one of my favorite chapters.  The Giver's job is to pass along memories, emotions, feelings of pain, joy and happiness onto Jonas.  Jonas' job is to receive them.One thing that I really didn't like was some of the Community rules.  They were only allowed 2 kids per family. I think that kind of sucks that you get your kids assigned to you and you can't just have your kids yourself.  They assign you 1 boy and 1 girl per family.  They believe that any more would ruin the community.  I feel sorry for most of the kids because they can't ride bikes until a certain age.  You can't really do anything until they, the community, feel you are mature enough to do it. Overall, it was a great book and very interesting to read."
"This book was a wonderful experience. It made me enjoy living and enjoy or  appreciate the fact that I have the power to chose and the gift of feeling  and seeing color. In this book a boy named Jonas is chosen by his  government of elders to be the all knowing reciever. It will be his life  long duty to know all pain and suffering that has happened but also know  all happiness,love and joy that the world can offer. He recieves the  memories from the previous reciever, now the giver, and together they  portray shared remembrence. Through them they keep the memories of the past  alive and that is very important to all people and things. His new found  knowledge forces him to lose his innocence that the town he grew up in  offered. The town protected everyone in the town from all pain,hunger, and  fear. But at the same time they did not enjoy love, happiness, and could  not see color. Towards the end he leaves the town with a little baby named  Gabriel because he knew too much and couldn't stay in the town of sameness.  He also did not want them to kill the baby which they were going to do. So  The giver stayed to help the town and Jonas and Gabriel went off on their  own with another family. This book opens your eyes to the world and makes  you value all you have."
"The book ""The Giver"" tells us about a world, which seems to be the perfect one, because there are no negative emotions, there is no pain, no war...but soon it comes to your mind that it is surely not the perfect world. There is no love, no joy, there are no colours, no music... . When you read the book, you first think that the people in that community live in a perfect world, then you think that they should miss something (joy, love, ect.), but then you realize that they are not able to miss things like that, because they have never known these things.  The storyline is very vivid and makes you think about our world today and how it would be, if we had to live in a community like it is shown in the book. You also get frightened, because the book takes place in the future, so you ask yourself, if our world will change one day and will be like it is described in the book.  It is better to read the book one more time after the first, because the plot is such complicated and with the knowledge from reading the first time you are able to understand the book much better and not only step by step. We think, you should read this book, because it opens your mind to think about the definition of ""perfect"", the meaning of feelings and about the future."
"Loved it!This is not a high reading level read, but nevertheless very engaging and thought provoking. Read the entire thing in one sitting and loved every minute of it."
"I read this book recently for school, and I loved it! It shows us that life should not be perfect, and that faults and problems make life fun! I reccomend this book to anybody!! :)"
Even though I read it a long time ago.It touched me deeply.It pointed out the views of life.And showed how harsh life can be.My opinion may not count but you should read this book.
"Set in a dystopian society where nobody sees in color and ""sameness"" is the standard, The Giver presents original ideas about societal values.  At age twelve, each child is assigned the job they will perform for the rest of their lives.  Twelve-year-old Jonas, though, is selected to become the new ""receiver of memory"": one person who carries all the memories of the past.  As the story progresses and Jonas begins to receive memories of love, pain, hunger, sadness, he begins to realize just how shallow a life everyone in his community lives.I personally really have read and enjoyed this book many, many times, and I get something new out of it each time.  If you consider the motives behind the ""sameness,"" it doesn't seem like such a hard place to get to.  After all, what could be so bad about ensuring that everyone is fed and cared for, that children do not have to face neglect, or hunger, or their parents' divorce.  Ultimately The Giver presents the result of the choice to end these things, and the price was the loss of family, love, and true happiness.  This book has forced me to come to the realization that there must be pain in order for there to be joy, because if you don't know how far you can fall, how can you truly treasure what you are given?"
"The Giver is my favorite book. I'm almost 30 now, but I remember when I first read it as an eighth grader. I read a lot in those days, about 6-10 books a week! I loved the library a lot haha and though I don't have as much time now to read like I did before, books and their stories have stayed with me. I never hesitate when I recommend The Giver to everyone, no matter how young or old. I remember looking at the world around me so differently after reading it. I never realized how much we took for granted, in the form of color, music, passion, art, love, emotion, even the painful things. If we did not experience pain, we would not understand the fullness, lightness, and beauty of joy. A person's imperfections often make up the most interesting parts of him or her, without those imperfections, there would be no distinction. Maybe I wouldn't go far as to say this book shaped my worldview but it certain helped sharpen and clarify the way I chose, and still choose, to look at the world and how I deal with what life brings. I still choose the fullness of life over comfortable, emotionless sameness. I'm so thankful to Lois Lowry for writing such a thought-provoking, impactful, and introspective story, especially to an 8th grader, but still even to the self I am now."
"The Giver is about a boy named Jonas.  He gets picked to be the most respected and honorable person in his whole Community.  He soon learns that it will have pain and then he starts to doubt being the most respected and the most honored person in his Community because it will have pain.  The Giver is the person who holds all memories of sadness, pain, love, and sunshine because the other people in the Community can't handle the reality of these feelings.  These people would do anything for him because without The Giver, the people of The Community (yes, that's where they live) would ultimately destroy themselves because they now wouldn't have anybody to take advice from.Apparently, back in the old days of their Community, people chose their own jobs, people were homeless, and people could choose to have an actual child of their own.  I don't understand why they still can't do that now.And finally, the releases.  Who kills somebody to ""release"" them.  I don't even know why the elderly would attend their friends' releases!  They get killed!  So do the newborns and it is completely unfair to kill the newborns just because of their weight.  Who does that?!All in all, the story sort of went downhill from the point where the newborn child is ""released""."
"Some of the characteristics of good literature that were not present in this novel are believable characters, relation to my life, and most of all a surprise ending. This text is considered under par based on the absences of these three traits. First. the characters are so different from people in this time, that they are not believable to me. Also, this story does not at all relate to my life because I do not live that way, and I have no idea what living in a Socialist type of government would be like. Finally, there is no ending that is unexpected at all. ""Downward, downward. Faster and faster. Suddenly he was aware with certainty and joy that down below that they were waiting for him; and they were waiting for the baby."" It closes with Jonas sliding down the familiar hill from the memory he had received. It's very subtle, and not very exciting or surprising at all. It doesn't answer any questions, doesn't provide the reader with any closure, and it was written this way because the author ran out of ideas. This is not very good literature because the characters are not believable, there is no relation to people in this time, and the ending is atrocious.And it's worse than the remake of Poseidon Adventure."
"Here are reviews from three very different people (mine, and then my two kids)...This book is definitely worth the read, and NEVER should be banned from any library (as it has been and some think it should be).  Every library should have several copies.  I don't think it should be required reading for children under the age of 12, however I don't think it would really hurt them, they just won't get as much out of it as they will when they are older.  My kids didn't like the ending, but I thought it was a good dending, especially if there will be sequels (which we learned there are).I want to quote portions of the two top reviews because they made some very good points and I agree whole-heartedly with them:""Good literature makes readers think. Banning this book takes away the freedom of speech, the freedom to read, and the freedom to learn and explore. The banning of The Giver is ironically similar to the actions of the Community that lead the Community to its suppressive and stifling state. A powerful story, The Giver keeps readers in suspense, touches them, and stays with them for a long time...""""Although there are aspects of this Community that we may find unsettling, we must remember that Lowry is not advocating this system. She is, in fact, inviting us to consider whether our own society has any of the characteristics of the Community that disturb us:Do we attempt to make our lives pain free?Do we attempt to erase unpleasant memories?Do we use euphemisms?Do we use robotic phrases, as for apologies?Do we have anything resembling the ""House of the Old""?Do we have a ritual that might be called a ""Ceremony of Loss""?Do we attempt Climate Control?Do we avoid talking about ways in which we differ from each other?In our own Society, without a designated Receiver of Memory, that responsibility -- with its inherent pain and exhilaration -- falls to each of us. Vital questions for us to consider are Which memories will we receive? Which will we give?""P.S. I had the privilege of listening to the audio book by Listening Library (unabridged, read by Ron Rifkin), rather than reading it myself.  The reader did an excellent job and it was probably more enjoyable and better understood than just reading the book for myself.I aked my kids to write (or give) a review of their own, and since they do not have their own Amazon account, I will just add them here:Here is what my son says about the book (he is 11, in 6th grade):""I enjoyed the book, it was entertaining, but it was very confusing at first.  The end was very stupid to me, and I do not recommend reading this book if you don't like to read a whole book and then the end ruins it.""Here is my daughter's review (she is in 8th grade):""I'm 13, and I liked this book very much.  At first it was a bit confusing because the world in the story isn't like it is today, but soon I realized what was going on, and I really enjoyed it.  I didn't quite like the ending because the book didn't feel finished, but since there are sequels I guess it's ok.  I liked the over-all story line; there was a lot of mystery and suspense, and it was very fascinating because it is so different from the world we live in today.  It was very weird, but it made the story that much more interesting.The world the main character, Jonas, lives in is a ""perfect"" world; a world without conflict, poverty, unemployment, or divorce.  Children never disobey, and everyone gets along.  But as the story goes along, Jonas realizes that his world isn't so perfect after all, when he realizes what the real world is like.  His world doesn't have snow, it doesn't have hills, it doesn't have the ocean, and it doesn`t have birds.  You don't get to pick your own spouse, and you are only allowed two children, one male, one female.  Everyone except Jonas thinks it's perfect. Jonas wants to change things back to the way the real world was, but that's a lot harder than he thought."""
"I am sad to say that I have never read this book in all my 32 years until now.  I am so glad that I did- and have heartily and honestly recommened to everyone I have met- it is stunning.Lowry has created a future that exists just outside the realm of possibility with its edge of magic, but also sits firmly in possibility with its ideals, operations, and view of ""sameness"" that permeates the book.  Her writing is fresh, flows well, and carries the reader along at an amazing pace that builds tension well and guide the reader at the same time.  We discover secrets, lies, half truths, and painful realities at the same rate as the protagonist, Jonas- and in doing so, we bond with him, share his sadness and feel his burdens as well.The hallmark of a great book is one that makes you forget yourself and instead you become absorbed in the story- ""The Giver"" does all of that- and in such a way as to be satisfying and mysterious at the same time.While the subject matter has been challenged, banned, and even demonized- the book is powerful and deserves to be read on those merits alone.  While it could be a harsh warning, character piece, or even just a light bit of sci-fi story telling, it is a timely book that will (hopefully) make one look at the world around them and see what is important, beautiful, special, and necessary in being different, being human, feeling emotion, and experiencing life.I recommend this book to everyone and really feel that it is a masterpiece of modern literature.  The hardcover is on order, and will sit firmly on my ""must read"" shelf permanetly.  I want to let the story sink in and percolate a bit- but I can't wait to read it again.  What an amazing, stunning, and overall satisfying piece of fiction.  One of the BEST books I have ever read.*NOTE: there are some scenes in the book that are difficult, but necessary in the revelations of the society and its rules.  Be warned that they might be hard to handle.*"
"A few people put this book down on comparisons to 1984. Well nothing has and nothing will touch 1984,that's for sure. But that aside this is a good book, it's nicely written.What grabbed me about the story is the lack of thought within the community. The communist lifestyle they lead restricts free thought and one has only a few objectives which never change throughout your life, it seems bleak. But the amazing or crazy thing is no-one cares, everyone basically gets on with things in a peaceful manner.In comparing this book to the present day of Western society we would presume we have more freedom, and in a sense we do. But really the freedoms most people have today are for material things. We have freedom to choose which TV you want to buy, hundreds of TV channels to choose from, supermarkets have foods from all corners of the worldand many types of fast food restaurants etc. This has no spiritual meaning what so ever, it's just stuff. Some parts of the world still live within the rules of nature and with limited resources.Do we have a choice on the way we want our governments to manage us? Well as far as I'm concerned, no!!! We will consume until there is nothing left to consume.The Giver looks at a posible other life, which seems more sustainable but less exciting. We in the West are at the other end of the scale as we are not living sustainable lives. We also live in a world of debt where if you collected all the money there is in the world we still couldn't pay of the debt!!!We do have one thing in common with the book and that is that we both are leading scary lives, one of consumption and one of near minimal consumption. It makes you think. This is the sign of a good book, there may be better out there but I would def recommend it."
"Review from class of 2017 and class of 2018 of the GISSVJannikThe book ""The Giver"" is a very well written novel. It has a very interesting futuristic setting. If you start reading the book you will probably find the story strange. Everything in this community is controlled and you have no free choice, because the community decides for you. For Example the Community decides you're job, you're wife and children. I think that it's a very interesting lifestyle. Also, once you start reading it's very hard to stop reading, because the book is so fascinating and the lifestyle is so different to ours that you just want to learn more about the lifestyle. When I finished reading a chapter I wanted to start reading the next, because each chapter has a very open ending. The end is also open and it's very easy to keep imagining the story in a lot of different ways. Like he dies freezing to death and hallucinates a lot or goes into a Christmas town and lives very happy.MarcelaI thought ""The Giver"" was a good book. Jonas lives in a perfect world. There is no war, or pain. The people there don't have their own choice. Everything is in order and the choices are made by the Elders. Elders are elderly people who decide what job you get, who you marry, and a lot of other things. I liked it because it had a lot of fantasy and it is set in the future. There were a lot of different feelings. Sometimes the book was sad, sometimes it was happy or exciting. Also, you can follow the book very well. The chapters have open endings. So sometimes when you finish a chapter you just want to read on.TobiThe Giver-I like Jonas's community very much, because how Louis Lowry explained the town and the way how they live there. She made the book like it is a real story. Second thing that I liked was the trip of Jonas, because you could feel the suspense of the writing. I also loved Gabriel, because he was like a real child in our ""community"". I think the receiving memories by putting the hand on the back is very interesting, because you can't just put a hand on the back and give a memory away, but it makes the whole community more interesting, so you want to know more about special things that they do. I don't like the ending, because the author leaves it open, so we don't know what happens with Jonas and Gabe. Also I don't like how they get released, because I think that is not nice and it is also not very human.MiriamThe Giver is a great book, because it is a fantasy book and I like those books. My favorite parts in this book are: When the apple changed from grey to red and Fiona's hair also changed. And when the Giver gave the memory of snow to Jonas. I liked this part, because the memory consisted over a lot of feelings and the writer described this part in more detail than others. What I think was exciting too, was when we found out that a release isn't nice and good. That the people are killed. It was really scary! I also like this book, since it depicts another idea for a world. They have strict rules and you can't choose your partner for life and they mustn't have kids. I don't want this to happen in our world, but it's a good idea for a book. It's also interesting that they don't have feelings and they can't see colors. And nobody is supposed to die in a natural way. In their community it is also different that the elders chose the jobs for you, which but fits to you. The Giver is good because, nobody has to starve and everybody has a home and a family. For all the people, who love fantasy and exciting books, the Giver is perfect. But to those people who want to have a real story it wait fit.EricOverall I liked the book The Giver, although I didn't like the end. There are some points of tension, where something unexpected happens, which I like. Another reason why I liked the book, is because of its setting in the future, where people do everything a lot differently than we do; similar to a science-fiction book. I also like how Jonas and the Giver move in an act of rebellion against the communities, which adds suspense to the book. Although some parts of the book can be a bit confusing at times, through this you always want to know what is going to happen next, so you always want to keep reading. I didn't like the end though, because one of the main characters almost died. I am also not a fan of open endings; I don't like to speculate on what can happen. It was a good book, which I can recommend, but I would not read it again, like I do with my favorite books.MaxI like the book ""The Giver"". I like it because it is exciting. I also like the book because it is very well described. It is also good to read. It is exciting especially when Jonas plans his escape. It is exciting because the author makes it suspenseful. Then when Jonas also takes Gabe I was totally surprised. It is very well described because Lois Lowry is a great author. She has written many books. It is fun to read. When the book got really exciting I could not put it down. In conclusion I think the book ""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry is a great book because it is exciting, very well described and fun to read.PatrickI like the book ""the Giver "" because it is interesting to read and it has a lot of fun parts, for example, when Jonas gets assigned ""The Receiver of Memories"" in that time everything is about him and he is not the same anymore. From that moment on he isn't the same and sameness doesn't count for him anymore. I also liked the part when Jonas and Gabe escaped from the community. It is very serious and exciting because Jonas just tries to get away from the community. The only thing that I didn't like was that the book had an open ending.Frederik:""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry is a story about a community, where everyone is the same, except for small differences. Every year they have ceremonies. At the ages 1-12 they have to go on a stage and at age 12 they get a job. This story starts when a boy is chosen for a special job. Most decisions are made by a group of people. It's an interesting utopian novel. It tells us of the twelfth's year of the boy's life. He is the only person who knows about us, and the past. The rest thinks only now exists. In it all people are about the same. The community, where the boy is born, can control almost the whole nature.  It is an interesting way of thinking about the future world, if we live on another planet, or control nature itself. He is alone except for ""the Giver"", who trains him. Enjoy reading this novel.Sabrina:Rating: 4 Stars out of 5Overall, I think that this book was really great. I love books that make me need to think about it so if you love that too, this is a great book for you. Without telling you too much about the book, I'll try to tell you about some of my favorite parts. When you start reading, you will meet the community. It is an abnormal place to live with strange and strict rules. The most important rule is the rule of sameness. Same bikes, houses, clothes, and more. They don't want anyone who's different in their community. If you are born a twin, too bad. If you are the lighter one, you die (SPOILER). If you are born disabled, too bad. You die. If you get really sick, chances are, you die. So right now, this book probably sounds pretty spooky but let me just tell you it is extremely interesting! The main characters name is Jonas and he is a little different than everybody else. He has gray eyes but most people don't. He has a special ability to ""see beyond"". When you turn 12 in the community, you are given a lifelong job. If you don't like it, you might be able to get a new one but you're pretty much stuck with it. A group of old men and women, called the Elders, watch you for a year and pick the perfect job for you. Jonas gets a very powerful and highly honored job. He seems to like it but then again, because of the rule of sameness, you don't have feelings so we'll never know. He ""tolerates"" the man he works for/with and becomes friends with him. They soon realize that the community is not the place for Jonas. He wants to change things. Lastly, he has an elaborate plan to get out. Read for yourself to see if it works out. The only thing I thought was not so great about this book was that I found some things a little confusing. After reading further into the book, I started to understand the concept more but some parts are definitely tough to understand.Moritz:I think that ""The Giver"" is an exciting book telling how other communities or countries may be organized. The book transferred me into a completely new world, which fascinated and frightened me. Specifically the relationship between children and parents interested me because children are assigned and not raised. Children and parents do not truly love each other, but still live well together. Furthermore some scenes just came out of the blue and startled me, for example discovering that Jonas's father was killing the small babies when releasing them. Some of the surprising scenes like where Jonas found out that Gabe was going to die, but his parents were still happy, made ""The Giver"" a great read. If I had to rate this book I would give it four and a half stars on one hand for the thought-provoking story and the open ending. I strongly recommend reading the book ""The Giver"".JohannesI think that ""The Giver"" was a good book. Why do I think so, you ask? Well, firstly, I enjoyed reading it as the Author was great at describing passages so that you go the feel of actually being there. Additionally, Lois Lowry put a lot of thought into the book. While this is hard to explain, it seemed to me how well thought out the community - and thus the book - was. Finally, I really liked the idea of the book - that there were people living by other standards somewhere out there.... Yes, I would recommend this book.Erin and Max:In ""The Giver'' by Lois Lowry a young child about 12 years old named Jonas is part of a society where there are no differences. He thinks this is normal until the day comes, where he becomes the ""Receiver''. The Receiver is a very special person, because he is the apprentice of the ""Giver''. The Giver is a person who lives in a world like you and I. He knows colors, snow, sleds, hills... And Jonas is supposed to become the Giver. While he is the Receiver he becomes several friends, Gabriel (Which is a little baby) and The Giver also becomes a close friend. Therefore Jonas becomes all the memories and the Giver loses all the memories. He can not see colors anymore, he doesn't remember snow!Jonas does not like this. So he starts a journey to save the Memories of the Giver. At the end Jonas is on a sled riding down a hill.We think that the story has a good outline, but it can be a bit better. It also makes sense how all the events are in order. The book has an open ending which can be positive and negative. The positive side is that it makes the reader eager to read the sequel or eager to read other books that are similar (Hunger Games; by Suzanne Collins)Another positive Aspect about this book is, this book has very easy vocabulary and is easy to read. So it is great for school grades four to seven. The Giver is also very entertaining because it always brings excitement in the book, for example when Jonas becomes a twelve they skip him at the ceremony so you want to keep on reading the book.What really was a bummer is that it had a open-ending, even though it was good in a way, it frustrated us that we couldn't know what happens to Jonas. And the sequel only slightly hints what happens to Jonas and Gabriel, which makes it very frustrating. Also what was negative is that some parts are inappropriate, for example when the Elders become released (killed) it can give children the wrong idea by making them think that violence is the way to punish someone. Also what was not so good a lot of parts where boring, e.g. there would be only a dialogue  between several people, which made it very boring. However, we definitely recommend this book! Even though it seems like this book has more negative aspects, this book is outstanding! You can never let go of this book when you start reading. We recommend this book for grades four to seven. Due to the bad talk, and the vocabulary is age appropriate for grades four to seven.Max:The Book the Giver by Lois Lowry is a book that takes place in a Utopian world where everyone is the same. This book is personally very exciting because it is about a boy named Jonas who thinks that he lives in a normal world but then when he gets his job as memory receiver he notices that everybody in his community is the same as everybody else (sameness) and that the people who are very different get ""released"" (death by a Shot). But in the End Jonas decides to change all of that by running away from the community with a Baby that is supposed to be released and therefore leaving all his memories that he collected in the past Year behind. If you like this book you should check out ""The Hunger games"" by Suzanne Collins.Caroline:The Giver by Lois Lowry is about a young boy who lives in a community where everyone is the same. The main character, called Jonas, learns how life can be difficult, even if other people choose a life for you. It shows how one can change completely and how bad sameness (sameness means that everything is the same)can be. The book is a fun learning experience for those who wish to know what it is like in a different world. I personally think that the book is horrible and good. It is horrible because people in the community get released (released = death by the needle). Everyone sees in black-and-white, another bad aspect about sameness. At the end, everyone is unsure of what happens next (I guess that's why Lois Lowry wrote three books). On the contrary, there are no homeless people because other people choose a job for you. People do not have to worry about money, because everyone has whatever they need.Aryan:I think the book was pretty good but weird because they for example have to wear tunics or they have to share their feelings every evening after dinner. It was very interesting but one negative thing I have is that there is not a real ending that's why I don't like the book as much . Something else that was very good was that there are many topics to discuss. What I have heard is that The Giver is not banned from schools; so many schools read it so that's what I also like because I would not have known this book to be banned from schools. What I also think is weird is because the giver can give his feelings to Jonas (main character)  another character in the book. I would recommend this book to people of all ages who like science fiction.Julia:I think the book is okay... I mean, it contains many topics to discuss both philosophically and in comparison with our normal life. The big negative aspect is that Lois Lowry unintentionally includes a horrible action that happened before in history (Euthanasia, which happened in Germany during World War II). Also, it has an open ending, which i find a bit confusing, but that's just my perspective. Aside from those facts, I would recommend it if you enjoy discussing things, especially for 7th or 8th graders or their teachers."
"In a world of euphemistic perfection, Jonas is anxious, yet excited, to find out what work he will be assigned to do in his community. Everyone is assigned work at the age of twelve and Jonas is no different. But his work assignment certainly is. He's been selected to take on the most honored - and the most painful - assignment in the community. It is a work that no one else can do, except for the man who was selected for the work before Jonas - The Giver. He trains Jonas and prepares him to really understand and acquire the wisdom that comes from the work. Not only does Jonas remain brave and courageous throughout his training, but he goes beyond that and thinks of a way to try and save his community even if it thinks it doesn't need saving.Jonas' community has been developed into an isolated community devoid of free will and the people have been trained from infancy to accept it and to know no other way of life. Every December there is a ceremony held for each age group ages 1-12. Everyone in a given age group is given the same thing. For all the new children born that year they are assigned names; the eights are all given the same style jackets to signify their age group; the nines receive their bicycles; the tens have their hair cut in a particular style; the twelves are assigned their work. Everyone knows their place and the rules. Adults apply to be married and The Elders assign the partners. Those parents apply for children. They are allowed only one boy and one girl and those children are assigned to their parents during the ceremony where they are named. Dreams are scheduled for discussion in each family unit as a matter of course every morning. Feelings of the day are discussed at dinner. But soon Jonas learns that everything doesn't have to be this way.How would our real world change if everything was assigned and regulated? If no one was allowed free will, would we all be safer? What if we didn't know about free will - would our communities and societies be better? How long do you think a world like Jonas' would last?The Giver is a very popular book for children to read in schools and for good reason. We all do well to contemplate how we choose to act on our gift of free will.[...]"
"Jonas is a young boy, roughly eleven years old, who lives in a world unlike our own. In Jonas's world there is no pain or suffering, no poverty, and no fighting. Also, in Jonas's world there is no choice or freedom, no love, and no sunshine. In Jonas's world everyone strives for sameness. Anything out of the ordinary is frowned upon by the elders. Up until the ""Ceremony of Twelve"" Jonas was just like every other Eleven in his community. He went to school, played with his friends, went to his volunteer hours afterwards, and on home to dinner with his family unit. However, the ceremony of twelve changes everything in Jonas's life. He is given his assignment, and he must then begin his studies on it. It is in his studies with The Giver that Jonas realizes that there are other ways to life than his own. The Giver is the first book in a trilogy written by Lois Lowry. It won the Newbery Medal in 1993. Lois Lowry (AKA Lois Ann Hammersberg) was first a photographer and journalist before becoming an author of children's books. She has written around thirty other children's novels including Number the Stars, which also won the Newbery Medal. At first, I didn't read The Giver myself. My eighth grade novels teacher read it to my class. I was mesmerized and truthfully a little scared by Jonas's world. Lowry does a wonderful job describing a community of sameness. Her descriptions of memories and color are vivid and lifelike. Jonas is such a relatable character that it makes it easy for a young person to imagine himself/herself in his position. The writing style is simple, yet poetic in the way she describes details. The story is also captivating and it keeps the reader wanting to come back to find out more about Jonas's fate and his community. After having not read the book in seven years, there were a few things that I was disappointed about. I wish Lowry would have given the book a true ending. I don't feel like there was much of an ending at all, and that she just didn't know where to go next so she ended it. After learning that it was a trilogy, I figured she picked his story up again in the next book. The next book in her series, Gathering Blue, is a different story altogether. However, Jonas's character does reappear in the third book of the trilogy, Messenger. I feel like the simplistic writing style is the only thing that makes this a children's book. The storyline is great, the writing is poetic, and there are many things that I took in as an adult reading it that I didn't catch the first time around as a younger person. This book is a wonderful example of fantasy fiction, and I think that anyone who enjoys fantasy fiction books, child, teen, or adult, would enjoy reading this novel. There is no other book, that I have read, that is like it."
"The Giver is an extremely well written book. My friends and family recommended it, so I decided to read it for my book project. I was pleasantly surprised because the book had such an interesting plot. One of my friends said it looked boring, but I told him to never judge a book by its cover!  The protagonist, or main character, Jonas, is followed as he awaits the Ceremony of Twelve. Jonas lives in a standard family unit with his mother (a judge), his father (a ""Nurturer"") and his Seven (later becomes Eight) year old sister named Lily. Each person is part of an age group, but instead of calling them seven years old, for example, they would call them a Seven. Each aging ceremony, they get a new item, like a bicycle. When the day of the Ceremony of Twelve arrives, each of the Elevens is called up by their number, which corresponds to the order in which they were born, (Jonas is nineteen) and is given their Assignment. However, the Chief Elder skips Jonas' number and proceeds with twenty. After everyone has been given their Assignment, the Chief Elder calls up Jonas and apologizes for the confusion. It is revealed that Jonas has been selected to be the next Receiver of Memories. The Chief Elder reveals to him that training will involve physical pain that the community has never felt before. He is selected to be ""Receiver of Memory"" at the Ceremony of Twelve because of his unusual ""Capacity to See-Beyond"", which is the ability to see color), which the other people in the community cannot.  After Jonas has been selected to be the Receiver of Memories, he is set aside to receive training through the Giver (who was the last Receiver of Memory), who becomes his teacher. Jonas telepathically receives memories of things eliminated from his world: violence, sadness, and loss, as well as true love, beauty, joy, adventure, animals, and family. Having knowledge of these complex and powerful concepts changes distinguishes Jonas from his friends and family, as well as making him more questioning towards his previously sheltered life, as he often discusses with the Giver. Eventually, Jonas attempts to seek to change in the community and return meaning to the world. He and the Giver plan on doing this by having Jonas leave the community, which would cause all of the memories he was given to be released to the rest of the people, allowing them to feel the powerful emotions that Jonas and the Giver feel. Eventually, Jonas asks the Giver if he ever thinks about his own release. This conversation leads to watching the release of a lighter child of a set of twin boys born that morning. Jonas watches in shock and horror as his father talks sweetly to the baby before giving the newborn a lethal injection, and then dumping the body down a garbage chute. It is also said by The Giver that the previous Receiver of Memory had applied for release, and had told them that she would prefer to inject herself, and this turned out to be the Giver's daughter.  During the course of the novel, Jonas's family temporarily houses a baby named Gabriel, because he is unable to sleep throughout the night and disturbs the other babies in the ""Nurturing Center"". Jonas learns that unlike the other people in his community, Gabriel can receive memories from Jonas, which he uses to help calm the baby. Because Gabriel still cannot sleep through the night without crying after the extra year he was given to learn how to sleep soundly, he is now destined to be released. Jonas flees the community with Gabriel to save the baby's life. Also, he was given the instructions from the Giver to flee, and release all the memories that he had stored to the rest of the community. At first, the escape seemed successful, with all of the search planes finally giving up their search for Jonas. Soon, however, food runs out and they grow weak. Cold and hungry, Jonas and Gabriel begin to lose hope, but then remembering the memory of sunshine Jonas was given, he uses it and regains strength. Jonas begins to no longer care about himself, but only about Gabriel's safety; it is here that he feels happy as he remembers his parents and sister, his friends and The Giver. Jonas and Gabriel cross a snow-covered hill in the dark and find a sled on top, which Jonas remembers from the first memory he ever received. He and Gabriel board the sled and go down the hill where they seem to hear music coming from some houses.  The ending is left on a cliffhanger, with Jonas depicted as experiencing symptoms of hypothermia. This leaves his and Gabriel's future unresolved. Many people today debate over whether Jonas died, or survived.  In conclusion, the Giver is now my favorite book because of its amazing plot and the author's ability to describe an unreal society. I definitely recommended it to anybody grades 5 and up because the book can get a little mature at times and may scare young kids. Read the Giver as soon as possible!"
"I may be one of the few people who never read Lois Lowry's The Giver growing up. For some reason it was never assigned to me in any of my English classes but I remember seeing people carrying it around. I would like to start off by saying I am so glad I decided to read this book. I wish I had been assigned this book to read this novel growing up instead of an entire year of Shakespeare and and entire year of Greek plays. I read The Giver a few days ago and the novel still haunts me.Twelve year old Jonas has grown up in a community where nothing bad ever happens and every decision is made for you.  In this society everyone's career is chosen for them at the age of 12.  Sexual impulses are squashed with a well regimented drug therapy, and later in life the society decides who your partner will be.  The society then provides you with two children to raise, One girl and one boy.  Once the elderly become a burden they are ""released"" from the society.  Infants who do not grow at an ideal rate as also ""released"".At first glance the society seems perfect.  There is no crime, no poverty, no unemployment and everyone appears to be happy, but there is also no sex, no pure joy, no large families, and worst of all no love.  The society's mission is to promote ""sameness"".The novel follows Jonas after he is  picked to be the next ""Receiver of Memories.""  This position is a very prestigious position because there is only ever one ""Receiver of Memories"" at one time.  Under the guidance of the man known as ""the Giver"" he begins to learn the mysteries of the world.  Jonas slowly learns about war, famine, love, and is educated on some things as basic as weather and colors.  As Jonas progresses in his chosen career path he starts to wonder if the perfect society is worth all the sacrifices.  Jonas and the Giver decide to try and change their society but will people who have never experience any true emotions be able to handle the history of the world?"
"Jacqueline Onassis Kennedy, one the most influence personalities of the sixties, wanted to dictate what the public's memories of her husband were going to be. To do this she had to deviate from the truth. In an interview with Life magazine, Mrs. Kennedy used the term ""Camelot"" to describe her husband's Presidency. She did not want society to remember the true turmoil of his presidency, their relationships or the uncertainty of everyday life. She wanted to protect society from the untold pains, frustrations and disappointments they had experienced. She wanted President Kennedy to be remembered as a great leader over this utopian type of society. Maybe this is where LBJ coined his ideas of the ""Great Society"" but I will leave that for another paper. My point of this paper is to present the lies, oppression, and the unattainable and fictitious ideas of a perfect society. Lois Lowery's The Giver is an example of a Camelot-like society, an abstraction. Society based on ideas, that disregards and suppresses the natural events, truth.We wash the dirt, germs other things that are associated with an infection away, we do our best to isolate ourselves from receiving an infection. We associate infection with pain and disease. To prevent this pain and disease we do our best to sterilize our surroundings. This is what Lois Lowey has done with the setting in her story The Giver. She created a community that did not suffer the pains or diseases of daily life; the residents of this community did not experience hunger, sickness or desire. She had created a sterile society, free from pain, well almost free of pain. The only time pain occurred was when one fell from their bicycle. While there were other pains that were identified in the story, they were covered up, those pains were denied, they where not to be seen or discussed. This is evident when Lowery gives the reader a vivid description of the release process of an undesirable defenseless baby. They just washed the baby from their memory, they dispose of the perceived infection, the potential pain it could present if they chose to let the baby survive.What separates us from the other animals on this planet is our ability to reason, to think in the abstract. In this community that Lowery has depicted the population as having lost, or rather been prevented from, exercising their ability to think critically and analytically. The characters in the story show no emotion; they have planned ceremonies, instead of celebrations. These ceremonies are theatrically planned right down to when members of the community are supposed to clap. Nothing is emotional or spontaneous; every aspect of this community is scripted and staged. There was one group of people who were different, the ones who saw color. They were selected to be the holders of memories, the people who could reference the past and experience emotion, make decisions and be spontaneous. We see this several times throughout the story.  The character Rosemary shows the reader that there were members who do not follow the expectation of society. She was selected and expected to become the holder of memories however she decided that it was not for her and she exited the community. She actually committed suicide over the memories the Giver was training her with. This caused great turmoil in the community and the community was said to have suffered when she left, but there was no description of how it suffered or how anyone reacted. I would venture to say they experienced sadness, disappointment and felt betrayed. Since this was a sterile community that was not exposed to pain, suffering or even deviation from the proscribed path they were directed to take. When Rosemary left, everyone knew she killed herself, and the teachings she had been given were released into the society. It's not clear what that means, if the thoughts were telepathically rained down into the collective minds of the population but I think it means that they were then exposed to something unexpected. And since they had no emotions to show, were not taught to experience thought, they did not know how to even processes or have the coping tools to deal with these feelings. They were incapable of thinking for themselves and had to seek the Giver's advice to deal with turmoil.In most societies that maintain complete control over their population, deciding what is best for society usually end being the most repressive of societies. The ideas set forth by Karl Marx and Fredrick Ingles were meant to eliminate the oppressiveness of those who controlled society. In a theoretical sense these planned societies are often thought of to eliminate pain and suffering from the population. But in reality, in practice, societies are not what cause these tragedies, the people in them do. The utopian societies that people tried to create end up in destruction and chaos, with the ruling class that inevitably takes advantage of the control of the masses. The Giver is not a new theme, its basis has been told for generations, from Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden to George Orwell's Fahrenheit 451, from Bladerunner to the Star Trek episode ""The Colossus of Rhodey"". All these stories end up telling the same moral, that the idea of utopia cannot exist because it denies individuality, freedom and humanity.Camelot. The name was simple and given the time, when the musical was at the height of it's popularity, was the perfect name to use to give the people a name for a time period. The musical, a love story, portrays a perfect yet slightly flawed and tragic time.  Given Jacqueline Kennedy's background and education, she undoubtedly was keenly aware of the truth she was telling in using the phrase. Camelot, in the story that is not in the musical, is a place where wars were ended and peace reigned, where knights and nobleman sat together without fear. But the true story, one she would have studied, that was not in the popular conscience, was that the peace of Camelot was destructive and lead to death, debauchery, pain and suffering beyond compare. The trained knights were stuck at home with nothing to do. The infrastructure of the city nearly collapsed with having to support so many ""happy"" people. In the end, an adventure had to be created to give people something to do, something to look forward to; the people needed a goal, a dream to work towards, because without such a thing there is no hope and no reason to work hard and strive to be better. There's no reason to exist. The story of the legend of King Arthur's Camelot gives the knights the purpose in the search for the Holy Grail. They are then free to leave on their quest, freed from their life of perfect existence. Mrs. Kennedy's husband, and I'd argue her whole family, was given freedom from the pain, suffering and debauchery upon his death. Jonas was also able to leave, to find his peace and freedom, only by leaving Utopia."
"The Giver starts out with an eleven year old boy named Jonas, the main character, who lives in a perfect world--a world free from war, pain, suffering, hate, and hunger. The flip side to this ""perfect world"" is that there isn't any true happiness, pleasure, or love either. There is no choice in the community. Everyone is assigned to a job to do when they turn twelve. When Jonas turns twelve, he is singled out among his peers to receive special instruction from the most important and respected man in the community--The Giver. The Giver holds in his mind all the memories from the beginning of mankind. Only he knows the true feelings of love and hate, pleasure and pain, health and sickness, calmness and anger. Jonas has been chosen to be his successor.This is a great book. It has an engaging plot and kept me interested until the very last page. The author did a great job of creating a sense of excitement in the book. It also made me think about and appreciate the wonderful gift of choice that we all have. Jonas didn't like experiencing the memories of pain, but he realized later on that without those, he could never have known the sweetness of pleasure and happiness.  It made me realize that I wouldn't want to live in a world like Jonas'. Sure we encounter pain and suffering in this life, but how could we know the sweet, if we don't know the bitter? That is a great message for everyone.One of the things that I didn't like about the book was the ending. It seemed to proceed too fast and it ended very abruptly. I would have liked it more if it went into more detail in wrapping up the story and letting us know what happened to Jonas and the community in the end. I also would have enjoyed knowing about how their community came about; when and why did they decide to go to the ""Sameness"" type of living? But other than those few things, I really enjoyed it and would recommend it to anyone."
"I understand why there are over 3,000 reviews for this story. I can't believe I had never heard of it until I stumbled across it while browsing for Kindle books. My son said that many of his friends had read it so I downloaded it for us both to read. He devoured it in a day (on his 12th birthday no less and the main character is a ""twelve""). It took me a couple of days but only because of time constraints. However, once I started, I couldn't wait to get back to the story every time I had to leave it sitting.This is one of the most unique stories I've read in a long time. Imagine such a world where there is no color, no choice, no love, just complete compliance. Jonas is a wonderful main character and carries the story well.I really liked the imagination that went into creating this perfect world while illustrating that we can't have love without loneliness, we can't have joy without pain, and would we really be happier if the frustration of choices were taken away from us.I love this story so much, I've download three more books by Lois Lowry and can't wait to get to them.Oh, my son loved the story as well and I'm hoping that he found it something to think about. It certainly opened up some discussion between us as I read it."
"It was my child's assignment to read this book but as I was just listening to her read it, I got hooked and had to finish it off by myself! It was excellent and I could not put it down! What a great way to open up one's mind to a different way of life. Things are NOT always as they appear to us when we look from an entirely different perspective! What an important lesson for our children and ourselves (parents) to realize. Jonas had a DREAM of freedom and he was able to attain it against all odds! We CAN to ANYTHING if we believe in our HEARTS and want it bad enough! Pick a terrific DREAM for you life and you CAN do it.If you are looking for something really practical and a very different way of seeing life by creating everything you want right now WHAT EVER you would like (gold medal in gymnastics, horseback riding lessons, turtle, nute, dog, my children's creations...) try ""The One Minute Guide to Prosperity and Enlightenment"" by Sri Siva. You will need a very open mind for this one because one of the governing criteria is that your life will NOT have any suffering or anything negative in it. It's a great way for children to create the life they want without bringing along all the garbage us adults have! and... it only takes a minute!!!"
"Reading The Giver was a very interesting to me. At first,the thought of living in such a world of perfectness and simplicity was amazing. No worries, no tears, no broken promises, no hate, no pain. Wow, amazing. But then it seemed to be unbalanced because there was no love, no pleasure, no happiness. This is when the story gets confusing and emotions start to rise. Jonas was the main character in the story. He was to be the next upcoming Giver. This seemed to be an exciting job for Jonas. then the training began. Jonas was to be accepting the responsibility of feelings and emotions. Pain, hate, love, anger, sadness, happiness, war, joy and the ability to see colors and lie. This was all new to Jonas. He couldn't fathom how he would accept and carry the responsibility to bear all of these emotions. An incident occurs in which he sees his father murder a baby. This was apparently too much for Jonas to handle. He decides to run away from his community. This was a very dangerous decision for Jonas to make because it was illegal. There were some night watches looking out. Jonas didn't care and decided to go ""Elsewhere"". Jonas shows bravery in his choice to leave his community which he realizes is filled with imperfection and ignorance."
"The Giver is a wonderful book. It is an inspiring story about the beauty of liberty and the ability to choose. The main character, Jonas, lives in a society far different from our own. He learns that things used to be different, that life was once full of beauty and pain. It will help you see life in a new light and from a new perspective. It is an easy and enjoyable read. If you like books that wrap up all the loose ends and tell a completed story, this is not the book for you. As it is a book about freedom of choice, it gives just that: the freedom to choose. Its ability to broaden perspective makes it meaningful and valuable. The author, Lois Lowry, is able to make the insignificant things of life priceless. I would recommend this book to anyone. I am positive that it has the potential to improve anyones life regardless of his or her background or beliefs. It is a book that teaches a powerful lesson using a story. It is not about the story; it is about the lesson it teaches. If you want to read a book about a good story, I think you could find more entertaining books. If you read this book and think it was not a good story, I am afraid you have missed the gold that is surely hidden in its pages. I highly recommend reading The Giver."
"First of all, I am sorry about my poor English and writing skills. Jonas who will become 12 years old is in a community. In there, everything is under control and everything is decided by rule. However, nobody has doubt on the rule. Every person is accepted a rule in community. For example, people cannot choose their spouse by themselves. Every family units have 4 member, such as father, mother, son, and daughter. There is a not cleavage in community between rich and poor. When children become 12 years old, every child will receive assignment (occupation) from the elders. So, every child must follow the assignment. While Jonas received special assignment,and became the Receiver who receices memories from Giver. Jonas received a lot of memories which relates with happiness and also sadnessd from Giver. However, the Giver and the Receiver are prohibit to tell something about their duties to the other people. Jonas (Receiver) who is a only 12 years old boy realized that how is the community abnormal. Only giver and Receiver are understanding each other with pain. The doleful Giver and Receiver's decision are more doleful. And, finally, there is a just doleful ending. This is a good book, recomend to read this book."
"I originally read this book back in middle school, but didn't really remember it.  So, I thought it was high time to read it once more as an adult and teacher.  I enjoyed it just as much as the first time.  I think this was probably the first dystopian book I had ever read, and now I'm hooked and I think I have this book to thank for that.  When reading it for the second time, I did notice some plot holes and some improbable events.  But, it didn't ruin anything for me because I automatically suspended disbelief.  After all, who knows what really is possible in such a future?  Plus, what may be unrealistic to us may not be unrealistic in this world, as the people truly don't know any better.  Really, if you like dystopians, this a classic book you have to read at least once.  If you don't think you like dystopians, this would be a great segue into the genre.  I will fondly look back on this book as one of the first YA dystopians and an excellent story.I listened to the audio book and I absolutely loved the narrator.  He has such an amazing voice that is full of emotion.  He truly brought the book to life.  I also would love to use the audiobook in the classroom because kids could learn a lot about reading aloud from this narrator."
"When there is a need to censor something, there is a lack of confidence, and when there is a lack of confidence, there is fear. For example, in The Giver, by Lois Lowry, many things were censored. One thing being that there were no books allowed in the community. The only books people were allowed to have and read were the dictionary, and a yellow pages-like book. That shows many things about a community, but it shows most of all that they don't want their people knowing about alternative ways of life, and also that the community is weak. There was also something called sameness. That meant that everyone of the same gender had the same characteristics. In the Giver there is absolutely nothing that is different, if there are identical twins, on of them is released from the community. In my opinion it is wrong to stop people from knowing what is there right to know. The book was good, but it was extremely confusing. The end of the book left a lot for the reader to think about. If you don't like books without a clear ending then this isn't the book for you. I didn't like the book because of how much It did end up confusing me. There was so much left to the imagination at the end that I didn't know what to think about."
"just in case anyone is woneringabout the ending, allow me to enligten you to a few things. It is not dumb or stupid. It has been very well thought  out. If you are wondering about the sled that Jonas rides on in the end, It  is ""a memory of his own"" because the night of Jonas' first sled  ride he dreamed of riding a sled and stopping right before he reached his  destination. At the end, he did reach his destination, the only catch is  that you don't know wha the destination is. YOu need to use you  IMAGINATION.  there is such a thing. yOur not supposed to know what it is,  the author did not intend for you to know, your supposed to IMAGINE it. But  for those of you who don't have any imagination, please feel free to read  one of my many theories. when the community was established, it was only  done with a few people, they were given a limited amount of space, hence  the need for population control. Jonas just left that space and found the  real world. Also it might interest you that there are colored lights and  singing, and Jonas left right before December, It could very well be  Christmas. I would like the think that Jonas will go to expirience the  memory that was the givers favorite, the one that taught Jonas about love."
"I remember the way I felt after I had seen ""The Day After"" (that made-for-TV movie from 1983), and I honestly feel that this book has the same power to make you think about what might be AND then appreciate how  wonderful and beautiful our world is--despite its many flaws.I'm  currently getting my MLS in order to be a children's librarian, and I read  THE GIVER to familiarize myself with some of Lowry's work. This book blew  me away. I wish that the younger readers who gave this title only one or  two stars could be part of a discussion with other readers who got more out  of the book, because everyone should understand what the author is trying  to say here...about the dangers of a homogeneous society where everyone  thinks the same thing and there is no diversity and no  imagination.Believe me, this is a book that will stay with you long  after you finish reading the final page... With its 390 customer reviews, I  think this could well be the most highly ""customer reviewed""  children's book at Amazon.com and that says A LOT about how this book has  that rare ability to evoke a visceral response...Unfortunately there are  too few books are like that--books that really strike a chord and make us  THINK."
"This story is about a boy named Jonas and his life inside a ""perfect"" society known as the community. Inside this society choices are made for you from the food you eat to the spouse/children you have which you can only have two children one boy and one girl. Even your job is chosen for you when you turn 12. Jonas was chosen as a receiver of memory as his job it is the highest ranked job and it means that Jonas would be the keeper of all the memories of past and present that are not controlled. Jonas ends up finding out something really sinister about the way the community ""release"" people who are either to old, a criminal, or strong willed and he almost loses his mind with the truth behind the lies that he grew up with.My Thoughts: This book was only 23 chapters long so it was a quick read but I found myself falling to sleep at times while reading it. I thought the story was a bit boring and you don't really get to really know any of the characters until the last three chapters. Also the story is a bit jumpy from scene to scene and it I felt like the story was rushed until the end when it does just that End. A lot was left unsaid and you never really know what happened because it just ends and I hate that."
"This story will take you an a journey that will either leave you with a bright vision of hope, or depending on how you view life, a dark vision of hopelessness and death."
"The Giver, a phenomenal book I just read really makes you think about someone else's life.  Lois Lowry should be proud of all her work.  This book is about a curious young boy who just became a man.  He got the most important job of them all--to be the new Receiver.  Getting his new job means that he will have to carry out the same job every day until the picking of a new Receiver.  The time he would have to be the Receiver would be so long.  Jonas would have to handle the pressure of knowing what's going on in the community.  I think he should handle the job because it's only fair to the others who are doing their part.  I also agree that they should be able to choose their jobs, but that's why their community is supposed to be perfect.  It's like a secure little box where no one can get out of.  No ones feelings are supposed to matter.  They just do what they are told.  That would be very boring.  Like Jonas, other twelve year-old kids would get a job, maybe the law-maker who comes up with the rules.  This book is great because it teaches you about what it's like not living a life how you want to live it.  It shows the importance of having freedom.  7.3SJK"
"The giver was an example of good literature. This book contained many special elements that gave it an edge over other books. The Giver was very suspenseful and mysterious, with many different plot changes. I was on the edge of my seat the whole time I was reading it I wondered what surprise was waiting for me around the corner. For example, there were many times when I thought Gabe and Jonas were going to get caught or die. But they fought courageously and made it through. Another element that made this book good was the story. Imagine a world where everything was done for you. You couldn't pick your clothes, food, mate, and many other aspects of your life. It' s hard to understand how life would be if everything was controlled. This book touches on that perfectly giving little hints but still leaving a lot to be desired. The life of the people in the society is a bland boring life with no changes and nothing epic rarely happens. The lack of feelings and memories was scary. Imagine your parents not being able to say they love you. How badly would it hurt? It wouldn't because in Jonas's community there aren't any feelings. All in all this was a really good book and I recommend it for reading."
"The Giver takes place in what is supposed to be a utopian society. Everything about a person's life is decided for them by a committee of Elders. Their lives are regulated by a strict set of rules, where breaking one results in an automatic apology, and breaking three results in a release from the Community. The book centers around twelve-year-old Jonas, who discovers that he is the new Receiver of Memory. Being given this job his entire way of life changes, and he discovers that there may be more to the world than just the Community. Having read this book for the first time at age seventeen, I feel I can safely say that the book will interest a wide range of readers. While reading the book, many people told me that they read it in fourth or fifth grade. However, I would not recommend this book for that age. The book deals with some very mature themes including death, emotional and physical pain, and one scene of nudity. I found the book to be fascinating and I had a hard time putting it down. For me the book provided the opportunity to reflect on some of the things that might need to be changed in society today so that the world never needs to create a community like the one in The Giver."
"I first read this book while in junior high school (I believe I was in 8th grade).  I loved it back then, and have looked forward to the day that I pick it up to read again during my adulthood.  I finally got around to reading it again, and it did not disappoint.  I was captivated from beginning to end.The story fits the mold of what is now very popular in young adult fiction when it comes to futuristic, dystopian societies.  It is interesting that this came out so long before the trend was popular.I was surprised by how dark the story was in many places, as well as how sad certain things were in Jonas' life.  I didn't remember feeling some of these things when I read ""The Giver"" as a younger reader.I highly recommend this book, and was interested to learn that the series continued with three additional books.  I had always thought it was a stand alone story until very recently.VERY SLIGHT SPOILERS:I don't want to give anything away, but I will say that I still remember how blown away I was back in 8th grade when the story twist was revealed halfway through the book.  That reading moment has stuck with me my entire life."
"I will admit that this book is strange, disturbing and sad.  I have no children, so I cannot say I recommend this for under 13 readers.  Though I guess I would say to parents of under 13 to read before letting your kids read.That being said, this was a fantastic book with an ending that left me very moved.  Things that I didn't realize till half way through the book is that the utopian community can only see everything in black and white.  Like an old black and white TV sitcom.  There is no concept of color, only The Giver can see color.  When the Reciever of Memories is chosen to be the next reciever, he begins to see colors that no one else can see. He begins to learn the truth about life that everyone is oblivious to.  I don't want to say too much because I don't want to give anything away.  For example, take Adam and Eve....when Eve bites into the forbidden fruit, she knows all knowledge and everything is different.  The new reciever, inherits all memories of war, faminie, pain, suffering and what it means to love because 'love' is obsolete in the community.  It really is a beautifully written, somewhat tragic story about the burden of knowledge.  I read this book in one day."
"I really dont know, what I should think about this Book. It tries to question everything, which is normal for us.The Story is about Jonas, a 12 Year old Boy, who lives in a community, where trough to genetic control, Sameness is everything. The People who live their can neither see colours, nor love the person, they want to love. Families like we know them, dont exist, the people live in Family units, which are found together by the Elders.On his ceremony of 12, Jonas is chosen, to become the new Receiver of Memory. A person, who keeps all the Memories of the community about live and how live should normally, be.Its the only Job in the community, where you have something like a private sphere.As Jonas gets more and more memories about normal live. He is disappointed, and wants no more live in Sameness. He and The Giver, the old receiver of Memory, made a plan how to flee out of the community, and they escaped. On this way, Jonas gave the people back the possibility to have a normal live.  If someone is interested in books like this, books which make you think about total control, I hardly recommend this book to them. In my eyes, it was Partly a little bit boring."
"I give this book 5 stars. I am just a simple 12 year old boy, but this book inspired me. The Giver told me what might be the future. I think 12 year olds should read this book because it makes them use their brains and think. Lois Lowry wrote this book well, except for the dream Jonas had , and the needle in gabs head . Overall , I thought she had good detail on the memories and how the community was run. It was very intriguing in many ways and no matter what , I was always on my heels because of all the action going on. It  taught me some ways of life, and the truth. It made me re-think what I have and what I've got. It was a different book for me because i usually read mystery or murder books but to me this was an ""everything"" book. It was an ambiguous book that means it makes you decide for yourself. It treats you like an adult so you can make choices. When I first read this book I felt more mature. It is an amazing book , that's why I gave it 5 out of 5 stars. If I were you I would read this book . Lois Lowry is a great writer and I wish she would write a sequel. Treat Lois Lowry and read this book. In my 12 years of life I will say this was one of the best books I have ever read."
"Imagining the world without feelings is creepy, a tremor runs through the whole body. People are like zombies, programmed robots - to eat, to sleep and to work.The world becomes black and white, but Jonas, from time to time, sees colors. He doesn't know what the color is until he's selected as A Memory Receiver. The previous Memory Holder (The Giver) gives him his memories and feelings and Jonas realizes how large the world is, how many things have been taken away from people. He loves the feelings and wants to pass them to the others, to open their eyes.What makes me to rate this book 3 stars. You find yourself in a world of future, in a community without the real life, but you end up in the same world in the end. It's interesting passing through the feelings with Jonas, but it wasn't enough as the story ends in the most interesting moment. You want more, you want to know what lies ahead, whether the people of community have received the feelings and began to see the real world.I know, a lot of readers like it, because the book is written to well, the description of the feelings was amazing, but the real actions were missing.Suren Fant -Edge of End"
"Some how, during my childhood I skipped this book, which many consider to one of their childhood favorites. I was excited finally read it after having heard it is so loved by many. This is the story of a young boy who lives in a very different world than our own- a world of sameness. A world that had been completely anesthetized from all pain- but also all real joy. Every thing is preplanned, organized, safe, and utterly un-unique. Each person during their 12th year is assigned a job- that will be their contribution to the society to the rest of their life. Jonas is selected for a very special job- the receiver of memories. Memories of the past, pain, and joy. The community uses the receiver of memories as a storage receptacle. A person to carry all the pain and joy but all the knowledge that comes with it as well- just in case they ever need to call upon it. I rather enjoyed the book, up until the ending- which is left open for interpretation. I would recommend with for grade levels 4-7, the writing is fairly easy but the themes are rather mature. Its a great example of third person limited narration and I enjoyed the ironic tone that the Giver and Jonass conversations took on."
"This book wasn't that bad. I've read it very few times and still am not moved in any way by the storyline characters or descriptions. I don't really like Lois Lowry's writing style. It is sort of boring. Don't get me wrong it was a great idea for a book. She should have thought it out more. It seemed like she wanted to write a book and she took the first idea that came to her. The main low point that I didn't like was the ending. All it says is that Jonas heard music. It ends it okay, but leaves you with no imfrmation of what could or should happen next. It doesn't even leave you in any kind of suspense. The descriptions were not as creative or mind boggling as some other books that I've read. The story line was the main high point. Given memories, nobody else knows pain or love. Very clever! The main things that bugged me were the characters. Lily was something you see in every book. I mean nearly every book. Asher was one of the guys that they could have used more throughout the book. He was a fun-loving goofball with a very small role in the story. Fiona was the one I especially liked. One that was so mysterious that Lois Lowry could have done anything with, but she chose not to. She was your average,beautiful, yet very shy girl that could have been used in some way or another to make the story more interesting. So what I'm really trying to say is that overall it was a pretty good book until it go to the ending.  7.3JH"
"I read this novel very quickly(about 2 hours), but it has stayed with me for a long time. It reminds me of a shooting star. A gorgeous sight that comes along once in a blue moon and is not to be missed. And when it does come it holds an impact that with last forever. A beautiful story about a boy who tries to break away from something so right, but later very wrong. This novel reminds me of a poem by Pink Floyd:Overhead the albatross hangs motionless upon the air  And deep beneath the rolling waves in labyrinths of coral caves  The echo of a distant tide  Comes willowing across the sand  And everything is green and submarine  And no one showed us to the land  And no one knows the wheres or whys  But something stirs and  Something tries  And starts to climb towards the light  Strangers passing in the street  By chance two separate glances meet  And I am you and what I see is me  And do I take you by the hand  And lead you through the land  And help me understand the best I can  And no one calls us to the land  And no one crosses there alive  And no one speaks  And no one tries  And no one flies around the sun  And now this is the day you fall  Upon my waking eyes  Inviting and inciting me to rise  And through the window in the wall  Comes streamin in on sunlight wings  A million bright ambassadors of morning  And no one sings me lullabies  And no one makes me close my eyes  So I throw the windows wide  And call to you across the sky."
"The Giver Imagine living in a world where someone else is controlling your life. Those people make important life decisions like whom you will marry and what your career will be. This is what Jonas's life is like. He lives in a perfect world where there is no hurt or fear. Jonas figures his life is good, until he receives his lifetime assignment and his eyes are opened to all of the things he has been missing out on. The village elders control everything in the community where Jonas lives. When Jonas turns twelve he is given his life assignment as the next receiver of memory. The present receiver is Jonas's teacher and trains him by giving Jonas memories.Through his training Jonas learns about things like colors, choices, love, hate, and war.  These things didn't happen where he lived because they were thought to be dangerous. Jonas's job is to remember lessons of the past when people made their own choices. The Giver shows Jonas people in the past making bad choices that lead to hate and war. However, he also shared happy memories of people making good choices that led to things like love. Jonas is angered that his world cannot have these things. He wants to live in his own world where he can make his own choices.This book reads quickly but is very well written. Lois Lowry did an incredible job of showing us what a ""perfect"" world would be like and makes you realize that you would never want to live in one."
This is a brilliant but incredibly grim book. The perfect world that young Jonas lives in is really a nightmare and the situations that are described here might be too much for a younger or sensitive child.
"The Giver is another young adult book about a future eutopia.  Or is it a dystopia?Jonas has been raised in a future idyllic world with a premium on equality.  Children wear the same outfits and all get their first bikes on their ninth birthday.  Children begin volunteering at age 8 such that the community elders can select the correct career path for them by age 12, when they will begin their occupational training.  Dangers and hazards have nearly been eradicated and there are effective medications to ensure that community members dont have to experience pain or discomfort.  Everybody in Jonass community has adequate homes, stable employment, and ample food.  Community members have been trained from a young age to express their feelings accurately, apologize when appropriate, and accept the apologies of others quickly and graciously.But as Jonas starts his new job, he will learn that his community had to give up a lot in order to live this ideal existence and he begins to wonder if the sacrifices were worth the benefits.  And if not, does he alone have the power to effect change for his entire community?With themes similar to The Hunger Games and Divergent, this is a novel that will really make you think.And after you have finished reading the book, you can go see how the movie compares.  Or, if you have already seen the movie, you can read the book and see how well the movie did."
"""The Giver"" is a novel written by Lois Lowry. The novel is about Jonas-the 12 year old protagonist- who seems to live in a perfect world. In the Ceromony of 12 he receives his assignment as ""Receiver of  Memory"". During his training, performed by ""The Giver of  Memory"", Jonas finds out about dark secrets that underlie the apparent  harmony of his world. And so he runs away. 'The Giver' won the prestigious  Newbery Medal ""for most  distinguished contribution to American  literature for children"" and for 'The Giver' she also received other  important awards such as ""The Boston Globe-Horn Book"" Honor  Award. Lois Lowry uses the I-narrator (Jonas). She describes Jonas's  feelings, what he thinks and sees, she describes the minor characters, the  village and other things. And so you often think, that you are a part of  the book. Lois Lowry delays the excitment, and so the story gets more and  more interesting. But sometimes she delays the excitment for a too long  time. She doesn't only use the monologue (which is done by Jonas), she even  uses dialogues between the different charaters, so that you can get what  the other charaters think about important points. This extraordinary novel  appeals to readers of all ages. And you can read this novel very easily and  it's very exciting and interesting. I advice you to read this book. [For  pupils: You can read this book in a very short time.]"
"The Giver was about a young boy named Jonus who lives in a non-realistic and boring community with no color, no music, and no acctually feelings. For his 12th birthday, he and his friends who just turned 12 as well (since  everything is the same), were all assigned jobs for their future as grown  up people in their community. Jonus was assigned the Reciever, the most  important job in the community. He is trianed by the Giver. The job of the  reciever is to recieve all of the memories and feelings of the past so that  the community doenst have to go through all the pain and anguish from when  there wasnt ""sameness"". He also recieves good things such as  love, and friendship, which the community doesnt have either. He realizes  he needs to go ""elsewhere"" and leave all of the  ""sameness"". While he is trying to get there, he is face to face  with acctual pain instead of just the memory. But as soon as he gets to  ""elsewhere"", all of his memories will be released into the  community. I thought this book was so meaningful and i totally and  completely agree with the author because I think she is trying to state  that peoples differrences and feelings do matter and every one cannot be  the same. I honestly think this is the best book I have ever read in my  life. I recomend this book for any adult and for mature children who have  stong feelings for advanced and meaningful books. I loved this book!!"
"Before theThe Hunger Games,The Giverdefined juvenile dystopian literature. It is the story of a highly controlled society, where residents are assigned jobs at age twelve. Sexuality, morality, ethics, language, and memories are regulated. The sole exception to this Orwellian nightmare is the Receiver of Memories, a highly prestigious post equivalent to an historian and political advisor.When Jonas is selected to be trained as the next Receiver, he is shocked. Training involves the Giver (Jonas' nickname for the Receiver), transmitting ancient memories from generations past. Color, climate, war, and love have faded from humanity. Jonas is freed by the loosened restrictions of his speech, but weighted by the burden of knowledge. He begins to question the idea of release--where infants and the elderly are euthanized. Jonas also wants to spread some of the memories around, rather than bear the burden of memories for all humanity.The ending is anticlimactic by contemporary standards. There is no big war, no active defiance of the state. Rather, a revelation leads the main character to make a choice. Is it better to face a reality with pain or a fiction with blunted tranquility? The motif is simple enough for mature elementary and middle school students, but with writing strong enough to suit adults readers.The Giveris worthy of its place as a children's classic."
"Like A Wrinkle in Time and Tuck Everlasting, Lois Lowry's The Giver is a book with appeal beyond the science fiction genre. It would interest a  general audience looking for a story about what societies value in human  terms.  It is a sophisticated book. Both Jonas and the reader are on  parallel courses, both gradually realizing the dilemma Jonas faces. The  reader begins innocent of the fictional setting, and discovers how it  functions as the story unfolds. Jonas, the 12-year-old protagonist, on the  other hand, knows nothing about societies in the past like our own and  finds out step by step. The dramatic climax of the book comes when the two  converge.  Lowry has imagined an intricate future society, with some  recognizable elements such as nuclear families, but other foreign  combinations, such as birthdays for all people on one day a year. It seems  to be a society that has taken social science ultilitarianism to an  extreme. Their language has a clinical sound, such as ""comfort object"" for  a teddy bear, and more poetic terms like ""love"" have no place.  The  author has done a clever job at ""seducing"" the reader by creating a society  with many desirable traits. One can see the reasons for the choices the  leaders made and that makes the drama and provocativeness of the book even  greater. It is a book that works skillfully on both the intellectual and  emotional levels. Recommended to readers 15 and older."
"""I have read the book The Giver by Lois Lowry and I mustsay that it was very suspenseful!  With each chapter I read, Icouldn't put down the book.  The end of each chapter made me wonderwhat was going to happen next.  It made me stop and think about howdifferent cultures really are.  Compared to ours, Jonas' community isvery different from my town...  It makes me stop and wonder -- couldthis really happen?  It it even possible? These are questions I cannotanswer because it would ruin the story and my opinions may bedifferent than yours.  Read The Giver and find out foryourself.""...""The Giver will grab your attention andleave you hanging to see what is going to happen in the next chapter.I did not want to put down the book at all.  Lowry builds the suspenseup at the end of each chapter.  I liked reading about Jonas' culture-- a community very different from my own.""...""The book,The Giver is very suspenseful from the moment you pick it up to themoment you put it down. Believe me it will get your attention on thefirst page.  It's like you are really there throughout the book.  Ifyou get a chance to read it you should do so because it is a goodbook!""...""I read The Giver in my ninth grade and someparts were high in action, mystery, and suspense.  At the end of eachchapter, Lowry leaves a cliff-hanger! Jonas is a very determined maincharacter and teaches us all something!""..."
"This book is extremely well crafted and realized. Lowry has created a separate world with a complete, self-sustaining society; one that seems at first utopian, then shockingly dystopian. The book follows young Jonas as he is selected by the elders of his society to be the new Receiver of Memory, or person designated to hold all of the memories of the society. This community is based solely on social utility: there is no difference in people because differences create problems. Deep emotions have also been removed by the distribution of special pills. Parents dont even raise their own children. All of this is to ensure that the society runs as smoothly as possible. Lowrys narrative provides a fascinating commentary on the politics of our day. Government and society in general are basically forms of organized chaos. Its all just a big mess because each human is different, with a certain set of beliefs, customs, values, interests, and emotional capacities. Lowry has created a community where all of that is absent; everyone thinks, believes, feels, and operates the same way. In theory, this would be a perfect community, a utopia. In practice, however, the policies and procedures put in place in The Givers community are inhumane, cruel, and excessive. Thus, it is a dystopia. I am an English Education student and I must say, this book would be an excellent piece to teach in the classroom. It is written well, it is extremely entertaining, its subject matter and themes are relevant to today, and it could fit easily into a utopian/dystopian unit. I would recommend this book to anyone looking either for a great, thought-provoking read, or to anyone looking for a fresh text to bring to their classroom."
"In the story THE GIVER, the importance of folklore in a culture is shown.  This story takes place in a futuristic time, though it's not like the  people seem to be more advanced, just more controlled.  No one can make any  choices for themselves, though they don't want to because they could get it  ""wrong"".  Animals are mythical creatures, the sun, colors, snow,  hills, and everything that could be an inconvience to their society is  gone.  All are supposedly equal, though it doesn't seem that way.  The  Giver in this story is an Old man who has generations of memories from many  other givers, and when his time comes to be ""released"", he has to  have passed on all of the memories to a chosen person.  Neither the Giver  nor the receiver can share any of their knowledge with anyone else, this is  how the people want it to be, without pain, but without pleasure.  No one  knows their was a past, no one knows there will be a future, they just  exist.  Jonas is assigned to the job of Receiver of Memory, and his  ignorant life has ended.  As he learns more and more about the past, the  different feelings and things that exist, he can't understand why the whole  society doesn't want  to know of these things.  So he and the Giver devise  a plan in which memories will be released back into the community, and they  would learn what life should be like with memories, culture, and love.  Folklore is important because of how it can teach and relay ideas to help  improve a culture or a person.  Without folklore, then our societies would  be as boring as the next, nothing to set us apart from others.  I think THE  GIVER tells this in a very different way, and I hope that you will enjoy  the book as well."
""" The Giver"" , by Lois Lowry, is an interesting book, which makes the reader think about a ""possible"" way of living in the future by describing an utopian community.The protagonist in that community, named Jonas, is a boy in the age of eleven,who was selected by the Elders (Community Leaders) to become the Receiver of Memories when he turns to the age of twelve.The R.o.M.'s function is to keep the memories and feelings of the community members. These privileges are to ""protect"" the people of making decisions which could be wrong,so the community tries to interrupt any feeling which might ""destroy"" sameness in the community, which even tells us that there is no freedom in the community.Different from the others, the R.o.M. is never observed and he is allowed to have his own feelings and memories. By showing the R.o.M.'s disagreement with the system, Lois Lowry wants to make the reader think about the community's problems.In that community there is a rule for everything and everyone, everything is manipulated and controlled by the elders but not the R.o.M.. By changing Jonas' situationLois Lowry makes the reader understand the feelings of Jonas during his training lessons with the Giver.Lois Lowry tries to show the reader her interpretation of possible consequences of observing people in a way, which is easy to understand but it is not only her opinion, it makes the reader think about what might happen if everything is influenced by a system which was made for protecting people from themselves.The way the story ends should make the reader identify with Jonas and his decision to flee, when he tries to find a way out of a system, which he do not agree with."
"The Giver, written by Lois Lowry enables readers to take a direct look at an environment that has been completely modified by the demands of a dictatorship supremacy. Imagine what it would feel like to have no control over decisions that are made in your life; you can choose your spouse,occupation, or a specific religion to follow. Life as far as you know it is a puppet that is pulled by the strings of a higher authority. This is what life seems to be for an adolescent named Jona,his family, and other members of the society that they live in. Jona and others have been given a false perception that the life chosen for them is the perfect life, simply because every decision has been made for them effectively by a group of elders so that they will make no mistakes. Children ranging from the ages of 4-12 have been given a premature rights of passage, meaning that they are assuming the roles of adults before they can fully understand them. Jona, due to his intellectual ability and strong personal characteristics assumes a role given by the elders as a receiver. Jona is responsible for disregarding all of the negative memories consumed by the people in his society in order to keep their world in perfect operating condition. In meeting the demands of this position, Jona is left to wonder about his own personal sanity and the people who are colse to him. The Giver is an unique tale of a struggle between individuality and direct supremacy. It gives the reader a precise look at the effects of a society that strives to mainstream life experiences into one category. Lowry provides in-depth look at an alternative lifestyle that many people in America and some other countries across the world are accustom to living."
"Was there such a thing as YA Dystopian literature before The Giver? I don't know, but I'm quite certain we'd never know Katniss or Tris if Jonus had never existed.I missed out on reading The Giver in my youth. It was published as I was graduating high school, which was immediately followed by life, one thing or another, so on and so forth, yadda yadda yadda, until suddenly my 13-year-old says ""Dad, I want to read The Giver."" Done, let's do it together.Now I'm jealous she gets to experience it when she's 13. Would I have seen the highs and lows of life differently? Would it have been easier to learn that the hard parts of life are just as important to who I am as the good parts? Would I be different? Should I quit my job and become a junior high literature teacher just so I can read The Giver with my students?  Ok, ya. That's going a bit to far...right?Jonus lives in a perfect world. Karl Marx would love it there. Everyone is safe, well-fed, and comfortable. Everyone works together for the benefit of the whole. Everyone is the same. Everyone is satisfied. Everything is just as it should be. But then Jonus learns to feel.If there's an I wish, it's that the ending wouldn't have been so ambiguous. Many authors get all philosophical when writing their Magnum Opus, but I wish they wouldn't. Oh well, I guess that's just more for my lit students to discuss.I hope you'll read The Giver. It's only 179 pages, but it's a much bigger book than those ones about Katniss and Tris.For those who have read the rest of ""The Giver Quartet,"" is it worth it? I kind of like the place I'm at with The Giver and I've heard some pretty polarizing things."
"I fell in love with this book as I continued reading, and I admit that Lois Lowry, the author of this book is very imaginative and thoughtful. After reading the summary of this book, I really understood that Lois had thought of how the world can change in the future and wrote that down to make a story of how it changed as time passed. The giver also made us readers indulge deep in thought, of how people, including myself, should really appreciate what we have today, love and joy and happiness but sometimes also pain, war or courage that all causes and helps us have wisdom and real feelings. That one day, maybe just tomorrow, the world could start changing rapidly, not just like the way in this story but differently. Maybe our bodies change. Maybe in the future we know nothing but ourselves and we do nothing ourself if it causes us just a tiny bit of tiresome, and though I am never sure, maybe we create robots that does everything for us and instead of us and maybe everything works electrical and automatic.I agree to some of the reviewers who said the ending is uncertain and the author is not detailed about how the people got rid of the sun and the color and much more. But to be honest, that isn't the important part. That is not the part that Lois Lowry is trying to send to the readers (and there are sequels). I believe that what makes this book earn a newbery honor and so popular around people is because of the message it's sending, how we should not be selfish and want even more andthe rest of the content it carries that pierces into our inds and stay there.I definitely recommend The giver to anyone and am very excited to read all of the sequels. In fact, I've just started one!"
"We read this for our 8th grade English class and really enjoyed it.  It's one of those books that although confusing at first really makes you think.  Lois Lowry paints the picture of what seems to be a perfect utopian community.  The idea of such a utopian society can be incredibly tempting, especially when people today are experiencing things like the aftermath of the senseless shooting in Newtown, CT.  The idea or promise of a society where there is order and no fear of such things ever happening again might be enough to convince people that living in such a world might be worth any sacrifice.But Lois Lowry's novel forces the reader to think about whether this feeling of safety and security is worth giving up your rights to be an individual.  The community she created shows a very orderly, predictable and secure atmosphere.  A select group of Elders every aspect of people's lives, from who they marry, what job they will have down to when each child receives his/her first bicycle.as well as other such rites of passage.  This control over the lives of people in the community values sameness and ability to live without worry as they never experience pain or hardship.  And who can blame them?  Idealistically this sounds great, a world without pain and suffering where every member plays a role and contributes to their community.  Even the weather is always perfect and everyone's basic needs are taken care of, no poverty, and no starvation.  But in order to achieve this, the people must sacrifice freedom and individuality and the ability to think for themselves.  It's as if they have been brainwashed and never question authority.  Yes, it might be safer, but is that really the way you'd want to live?The book's main character, 12 year old Jonas is assigned the role of the Memory Keeper.  There is only one other person that will mentor him, that in time he affectionately calls the Giver.  They alone will hold the knowledge and memories of life's experiences, the good and the bad, the beauty and ugliness as well as the love and hate that truly make us human.  By holding these memories, they spare the rest of their community from experiencing any pain and suffering.  Yet through his training by his mentor, Jonas comes to realize that true wisdom can only come through experiencing life along with all of its emotions.  It is the feelings and relationships that truly give our lives meaning.Jonas is saddened and angered through the realization that the people in his life truly have no real connection to others and feel no responsibility for their actions.  This becomes most apparent when Jonas finally realizes what ""Releasing"" someone means.  It is in actuality killing them.  For the old, this may seem a humane way to keep them from suffering through old age after they are no longer productive, active members giving back to their society.  Yet, the cruel idea of infanticide, killing innocent babies because they are born identical twins or do not measure up to certain standards is disgusting to him.  He and his mentor devise a plan to bring the memories and real life back to their community...but things do not go as planned and as Jonas flees his community in an attempt to save an innocent child he has grown to love, we as the readers are left with so many unanswered questions?  By leaving, did he experience a better life? Maybe that is left for us to decide."
"Wouldn't it be wonderful to live in a world without pain, divorce, unemployment, or sickness; a world where emotions are eradicated simply by taking a pill and where scientists have decided that a black and white world lacking color would be more orderly? A world where every child is told what his future in society will be on his twelfth birthday. A world where the old are sent to their assigned deaths after a farewell party? A world where flawed infants are simply discarded as though they were trash. A world that follows a schedule, a world lacking in surprises, a world of orderliness and structure where nothing unplanned for exists and where everything is controlled by a pill; in other words, a sterile world. This is a world of perfection, isn't it? Jonas believes that it is so until the day of his twelfth birthday arrives and he is told that his place in society is to be the receiver of memories, a job that only one special person is chosen for. Jonas is soon introduced to the giver, the only man left that has any remembrance of what the real world was like when their was color and pain. Now the memories must be passed on to Jonas, so that they may be kept and held where the rest of society need not be troubled with them, after all why would they want to be burdened with the memories of a time that was not ""perfect"". As time progresses Jonas continues to learn from the giver and he begins to long for a world that he never knew, a foreign world with pain and sorrow, love and joy. He soon comes to the conclusion that a world devoid of evil is a world devoid of good. The wheat cannot be separated from the chaff. To remove one will destroy the other. How can he impart this idea to the others in his family and in his community? How can he show them the beauty and the horror that exists now only in memories. Can he alone redeem his wayward world?A magnificent novel that causes the reader to think and draw definitive conclusions. The writing and character development were very well done and the story entertaining and thought provoking. The only detrimental aspect of the novel was the vague ending. After many years I still do not understand what actually occurred in the conclusion. Therefore, this book may be viewed as unfinished. However, the reader may simply wish to put their own conclusion on the end of the story. In summarization, I would recommend this book to children and adults alike; it is something that everyone should read. And, most importantly, my cat approves of this novel and enjoys sleeping on top of this book while I am trying to read it; tis alone makes it worthy.Ravenova"
"The GiverBy: Lois LowryReviewed by: R.AjocPeriod: 1 The Giver, by Lois Lowry is a story about Jonas and his new occupation as he becomes a young adult. Oh the day of training Jonas is chosen to go with The Giver. The Giver is the person in Jonas's community who will remember everything that happens in his community. After one year of training and transmitting of memories from The Giver to Jonas, Jonas was really into the occupation of The Giver. Jonas's intelligence makes him realize that he must show his community what is inside life, and Jonas also stopped all the violence that was going on in his community. Jonas goal as The Giver was to remember all the memories good or bad of his community. As he grew from his twelve year old stature he was not able to transmit or remember any memories. One day as Jonas was going up a hill he forgot all of the memories the last Giver had given to him and the only way to get the memories back was if Jonas left his community boundaries. The Giver was not as interesting in the beginning as it is towards the end. The beginning didn't give me the feeling that this was going to be a good book. Intentionally I read the rest of the book and realized how interesting it gets during the last few chapters. The beginning sentence of most the chapters were boring: Jonas watched as his father poured a fresh cup of coffee, dose not seem as exciting. Right., if you read on all the detail come in you can see this is the beginning of the day when Jonas is chosen his life occupation. As you can see, if you read on you will see that throughout the whole book. Most of the book is like this "" It was colder, Jonas perceived."", does not look like an important chapter. Right., read on and you will see that this is where Jonas will lose his memory and the memory of his whole community. On the down side this book is not the type of book that has an adrenaline rush. If you like regular literature this book will be for you. If you like action or anything such as horror, type book this book is not meant for you. This book is the regular type literature that is not with all of the rush and horror that you want. "" He wanted his childhood again, scraped knees and ball games"" dose not sound very interesting, for all you people who want a very interesting book that will keep you in your seat for hours this will not be for you. Although it maybe a boring book for those who hate boring books, that are just plain boring and have no action chose another book. The most touching part f the book is my most favorite part of the book. The part where Jonas must leave his community. Jonas had to leave his community because he forgot all of the communities memories as he was climbing the hill. The reason why it was very touching was because once you leave a community you may never come back. Since leaving the community was the only way for the community to get their memory back, and so everyone could remember everything again. The quote that really says something to me is "" Behind him, across vast distances of space and time, from the place he had left, he thought he heard music too. But perhaps it was only an echo.""  This quote showed the feeling as if you are leaving someone or even leaving something behind, forever! If you really look into this quote you will see yes it is a very strong quote."
"This book terrified me. And I loved every word of it.The ""Release"" was haunting. How far are we from a society that kills people on a whim because they aren't convenient? I'll tell you: we're there already. Have you ever heard the term ""abortion""? Just because a baby has not been born does not mean it is not a human being. People who are shocked at the concept of Release perhaps have not heard their counterparts in this world: Abortion and euthanasia for the old.Jonas was a great character. He was sympathetic and EMPATHETIC. When Gabriel was scheduled for Release, I was so scared until I read that line, so dramatically put right after the lines describing how he left (sorry if this is slightly off, I don't have the book with me):""He had hesitated for a moment in taking this, not wanting anything of his father's and unsure whether he would be able to ride the larger bike. But it was necessary because it had the child's seat in the back.And he had taken Gabriel, too.""I loved that line. One of my favorites. Then there was the equally haunting scene in which Jonas asks his parents whether they love him. They laughingly reply that 'love' is a vague word, and that they enjoy him and take pride in his accomplishments -- but no, they do not love him. Directly after, Jonas whispers to Gabe how, if everyone had the memories, there could be grandparents, and colors, and choices, and animals...and -- ""Gabe?...There could be love.""I am surprised so many people found the end ""disturbing"", yet the same thing is happening in our world as we speak. Infants and the elderly are being killed for the sake of convenience. Yet when you read about it in a book, away from the comfortable mindset of ""It's not even born...won't feel a thing...maybe it's not even really alive..."" or ""He's not long for this world anyway...so much trouble to keep healthy..."", when you're away from this mindset, it is shocking and disturbing.Thank you so much, Lois Lowry. Maybe this is what people need to see before they can understand the horrifying things being done in today's world, glossed over and even advocated nowadays.Rating: Very Good"
"I can't believe that woman/man thought that this book was sick! PLEASE!  I mean, this could actually happen to us. That person said that this encourages violence and other bad things-well I think this book teaches children that violence and hurting others are bad. I mean, this book may have been graphic, but I believe that children (preferrably over 10) should read this book. It really teaches you to value the life you have. Okay, that was my outburst, but here is my summary of the book (which I myself have read 6 times)!The main character is Jonas. He lives in a world of routine and order-and no feelings. No one is allowed to choose there spouse or even have there own child! And the community picks there job (a.k.a. ""Assignment"") Jonas is chosen as the reciever of memories. Now you see, the people can't feel anytning, good or bad, and they all have one generation memories. Which means thay only remember stuff that has happened since they were born. Like how we learn about war and stuff, they don't. They have no colors, music, and climate. Anyways, the reciever holds all of the memories from the past-good and bad. ALthought the good ones are great (such as LOVE, CHRISTMAS, and SNOW) the bad memories (such as WAR, RELEASE, and PAIN) really make the job hard. And no one knows anything about feelings because they don't allow them to feel them. Anyways, Jonas and the Giver decided on a plan to fix this. So......read the book to find out the rest, and I promise you that you won't be disappointed. I know that despite what others said, this book is a positive one and truly makes you think about right and wrong."
"One of those rare children's books, like the Golden Compass, which can inspire obsession in grown-ups as well. I'm 43 and couldn't put it down. I ran right out and bought all the other books by Lois Lowry, but this is still the best."
"I had to read this for a college class last summer. I think it's one of the best books I've read. I'm not a sci-fi fan, so I wasn't looking forward to it at all. A very thought provoking book. I can't wait to use it in the classroom."
"I surprisingly never read this novel in school, but the upcoming movie adaptation prompted me to finally read it. I'm so glad that I did! This book left me with an appreciation of the life we live, the emotions we feel - good and bad, - and the freedom we have to experience it all.Jonas lives in what one could consider a utopian society - everything is organized and orderly. Each ""community"" runs like a well-oiled machine. There are rules and regulations that must be followed, or else accept the consequences. Three altercations will result in being ""released"" by the Community. Some newborns and the elderly also are ""Released"", though for them it is not considered a negative thing. ""Sameness"" is encouraged, while individuality is rare. Emotions, particularly desirous ones, are subdued by a magical pill that individuals must take daily. Individuals do not have the opportunity to choose their own mates, create their own children, name their own children, nor choose their profession. The Community Elders are responsible for assigning a position in the community to each and every individual when they turn 12-years-old. Jonas is given a prestigious and honorable position, one that will change him and the Community forever. One that will become a great burden that he will take off of the shoulders of his mentor, the Giver.This short novel was a quick and easy read that I would recommend to anyone. And I would also like to add that in the back of my copy is a section titled ""A Conversation with Lowis Lowry"" in which she expresses her optimism on the ending."
"It was hard get into book because it was moving too slow and confusing. And question did Jonas die or not? This book deserves only two stars to me.The only thing about the book I agree with it's a very ""tripped  out"" book."
"My first review here.  I listened to the book this weekend while driving up to North Florida to visit my daughter. I was enthralled and captivated by the story and pleasantly surprised that my 17 yo, who was driving with me, picked such an amazing novel at random.  This book was made for me I thought.  Just finished 1984 again as an adult and was riveted. One of my favorite books from my youth was ""This Perfect Day,"" another dystopian story.  I absolutely LOVED what the author was trying to do with The Giver...it was magnificent.  To get to a level of conformity and control, where even colors were not left to chance...perhaps color blindness would have been ""naturally selected"" for in this world...loved it!  The whole ""selection"" process was fantastic.  I felt Jonas' pain during his right of initiation. I had to stop listening after about four hours due to my arrival to my daughter's school but couldn't stop thinking about the book...couldn't wait to get back in the car to finish it.  Well, to make a long story short my ride home was a disappointment  to say the least.  Not sure what I am allowed to say here but I felt the author FAILED on many levels.  When the story ended I thought something was wrong with the transmission (listening on a library app). I couldn't believe that so much was left unexplained. So many threads were left open.  This could have been an amazing book.  Instead I think the author missed a chance to really take a seat at the table of the greats.  I forgave some things during the story because I hoped those things would be explained later...nope....really disappointed."
"The premise of this book is that a group of elders essentially rule the lives of everyone.  At what point do people say to themselves sure just completely rule my life.  The people are essentially flat, and they lack extreme emotions.  They eat what and when they are told to eat.  They live in very controlled environments.  They LITERALLY see their world in black and white.  It is never explained how everything is controlled in this manner.  Is it genetic manipulation?  If so, they aren't good enough at genetic manipulation to get rid of red hair, which should be relatively simple if they are able to get rid of free will and emotions. (It isn't drugs like in Ira Levin's This Perfect Day.)As you read through the grey landscape of this book, you will repeatedly ask yourself WHY.  You will never get that answer.The story centers on Jonas, who is to become a receiver of all the memories.  The old receiver will become the giver of all the old memories.  And you will be bonking your head on the wall trying to come up with these answers, why don't the citizens have their own memories of the past which would be passed down as stories?  Then you find out that ten years ago the memories of a receiver were PASSED ALL the CITIZENS when they died without giving them away.  How does that piece of magic work?  We aren't told.  And why doesn't Jonas recall receiving these memories that were so upsetting to ALL of the CITIZENS.  He was like 7 or 8 years old and should have remembered.The story is just given to us as this is the way it is, and the author manages to explain nothing."
"I'm a twelve year old who read this book in two days when books the same size usually take me at least a week. I read this book when suggested it by a friend. I'm glad I read it! It's about a boy named Jonas who lives in a  community in the far away furture. The world he lives in is perfect. No one  has a choice about anything from whom their spouce should be to what job  they should choose. They don't even make their own children! A person is  selected to do this job. Every one is the same and every one develops the  same. Children even have their birthdays on the same day! The rules are  very complicated because they don't want the would to go back to the same  state as it was long before. When Jonas turns twelve, he gets the highly  honored job of resever of memories. The person who gives him the memories  is the giver who got the memories from the giver who gave him the memories  and so on. The reserver's job is important because he is the one who  reseaves all the painful memories of the past which are given to him so  that the community won't turn to what it once was. Some of the memories are  painful but some are also good memories of things such as colors and  birthday parties and love. So, wanting to get away from the community and  go ""Elsewhere"", where there supposidly are colors and everything  he reseaves. This book is very good but I think a little to strong for  younger children such as when you learn what really happenes when people  are ""realesed"" form the community. Otherwise, this is a great  book and, I think, deserved the Newbury medal, which it was awarded."
"I had the pleasure of reading this novel for an on line class that deals with Myths, Magic, and Folklore. This novel, to me, is an excellent read. It's about a boy who lives in a seemingly perfect community. In this particular town, everyone is given a role that is vital to the welfare of the community, be that doctors or lawyers. This boy, Jonas, is given the assignment to be the Receiver of memories from the Giver. The Giver is an old, but very bright man who seems to be wary with his old age and the things he's had to remember. Jonas and the Giver share a special relationship due to the fact that they're the only two people in their community who know about the past. In the end, Jonas must run away from the town when he finds out that the doctors of the town have been practicing euthanasia on some of it's ""unworthy"" citizens. The fate of the boy is left unclear, and the ending to the story depends on the readers' concept of the book.  The reason why my classmates were asked to read this novel is because of its' message that the Oral Tradition is very important on any culture. The only way that the Giver can share his memories with Jonas is by hand, not by reading anything to him. The boy and the Giver also share a very special bond, and this shows how strong a connection can be when the Oral Tradition method is used.  I gave this novel four out of five stars because I thought it was a little too short for its' subject matter. Overall, it's a very interesting novel and I recommend it to anyone who enjoys science fiction or controversial literature."
"This book starts out in the twentieth century just like us.  Everything in their own little world on earth is the same.  There is complete control over everything and everyone.  No one in their community has any choices of what they can do or what they can feal.  They have lost it all and only one person in their community is holding all of the memories to advise their town on choices that they may have.  HIs name is the Giver and he starts to pass on the memories to the new reciever named Jonas.  Jonas experiences happy thoughts and pain that he has never felt before.  As he recieves these new memories he relizes that this isn't the way to live and he tries to change it.  Jonas and the Giver come up with a plan to send back all the memories to the community so that everyone can feal happiness and pain again.  I give this bok a four out of five stars.  The author cought my attention and held onto it though out the whole book.  The author did a good jod with not going into deep detail.  She was very concise though out the book.  SHe explained the characters with good detail and the setting of the book.  I would spend hours reading and telling myself, ""just one more chapter"".  The only thing that bugged me a little was the ending.  They got me all worked up in the end and i really wanted to find out what happended next but the author ended it kind of in a funny way.  After i was done I wished that she had written more and not ended so soon.  That ending bothered me for awhile and I had to read another book to get that one off my mind.  I recommend this book to all ages."
"This would make an excellent book for a group discussion. First published in 1993, The Giver is similar in theme to The Hunger Games trilogy. In this book, adults allow the creation of a group of societies where everything is ""black and white."" Daily medication is taken to avoid remembering the past. Everyone is ""perfect,"" and a method to be rid of those born into the society who are not perfect is developed. There is no war, crime, or any other elements that can make life painful, but this also means that they will live in a society that is colorless, vacant of nature, without the extras not necessary to survive (i.e., television, telephones, travel outside their society). They also cannot express their feelings (love, hate, difference of opinion, etc.) One of the young people who has reached ""adulthood"" is selected to ""see"" the past and determines that the life he and him family are living is devoid of what seems most important to him -- the ability to love. The chase is on when he decides to escape with a child that has been selected for elimination. This is a short 180+ page read. The Giver movie was released in late August 2014."
"The Giver is a great book.  It made me think a lot.  At first I thought that Jonas' world would be great to live in, but toward the end I started deciding otherwise."
"Jonas and his family live in a utopian world, where Sameness is the rule: there is no violence, no crime, no hunger, no poverty. As a twelve, Jonas is ready to be assigned an adult task. While his friend Asher, always a bit goofy, is assigned as Assistant Director of Recreation, and Fiona, a thougthful, warm girl, as Caretaker of the Old, Jonas is assigned as Receiver of Memories, a crucial, if lonely, assignment. He is taught by a man called the Giver and soon Jonas realizes that there was a very expensive price to pay for Sameness.Lowry's prose is sparse and elegant, deceptive in its simplicity. She tackles hefty issues, such as the need for individuality and choices, which weigh so heavily in the minds of young adults. She doesn't condescend or talk down but confronts these issues head on, through a surprising twist in the story that startles and pains. The ending is clever and leads to further thought rather than a foregone conclusion or happy ending.Lowry's contribution to American Literature for Children earned her a John Newberry Medal. The Giver sustains this contribution. The Giver is a must for every searching young adult."
"I just finished listening to The Giver moments ago. I looked to if there is a sequel, and since there is none, it makes my feelings of grief all that more powerful! I listen to recorded books almost on a daily basis, for years, while driving. This is absolutely among my favorite top ten. Beside a perfect story, the narration was is so good - it's hard to believe all the voices were played by a single person!The Giver also made me feel a lot of other emotions - horror, anger, worry, trust, love, courage, empathy, hope, innocence, fear, loss, weariness, disbelief  - you name it, you'll feel it! It's been a long time since I have felt such a smorgasbord of emotions from a single story! At one point I wanted to stop listening, so I listened in small doses over a several week period. By listening to the entire book I was rewarded by feeling strong feelings of empathy - and that one must do what is right no matter what the odds of one's success. For ultimately, The Giver is about courage, plain and simple!One final note: THIS IS A STORY HOLLYWOOD NEEDS TO TURN INTO A FILM! (But, please do a good job!) The Giver really needs to be told to a larger audience!"
"We think we may want Utopia. No crime, no anger, no great divide. The laws of Sameness makes sure of it. Utopia, at what cost? Along with this very Creepy Utopia comes the forgotten memories of what it is to be different. Forgotten memories of war and hate, of hunger and sickness. But also forgotten memories of rain and snow. Of falling in love and having a child. Of make choices. Remember what it was like when you first starting having feeling for someone, that little funny feeling in your tummy. Feeling of love stirring deep inside. Well they have a pill for that, and everyone must take it. The joy's of being with child--Gone. They have birthing women for that. What about sharring loving memories with the grandparents sitting around the dinner table or a warm fire on a cold night--Gone. Sickness, death, not anymore. They just release you. There is only one who holds all these memories both good and bad. Now it is his time to be the Giver and pass on the memories to the one who will take his place. What is Utopia anyway, and what are you willing to give up to obtain it? Great book. But more for a young adult reader. Still very enjoyable. Well worth the read."
"One of my friends recommended this book to me after her dad told her to read it, and I am very glad that she did.  I was a little skeptical at first, but then I decided I might as well read it, because if I didn't like it I could always stop.I was very surprised at the plot, because it was so interesting.  Imagine living in a world where there was no poverty or pain, but there were no feelings, success, or emotions.  It would be awful if your ""parents"" were really just two adults chosen to raise you.There is an element of suspense because the main character discovers something that he can't describe.  That thing is color.  It would be very weird if we had no color.It teaches you that everything has an opposite, so if you get rid of pain, you'll get rid of pleasure.  I don't mean to say that the whole book has moral lessons, but it does teach you things.I'm not saying that this is light reading, because it is the exact opposite.  You should get this book, but I would recommend that you take breaks from reading it (although it is very hard to put down) because if you don't you'll get overwhelmed.  It is still a good book, though."
I can see the desire for sameness in our society today. I encourage everyone to embrace diversity and individuality. Once we lose that we'll lose more then we know.
"This is just a fantastic book! Mind you, I wouldn't recommend it for a small child. It's too strong. But give it to a high schooler, and it's just perfect for them."
"Have you ever wondered what it'd be like to live in a perfect society? In The Giver by Lois Lowry, Jonas lives in the future in a perfect world without pain or grief. When he turns twelve, he is chosen as The Receiver, who obtains all the memories of the world's past from The Giver.The main characters are Jonas (The Receiver) and The Giver who gives Jonas the world's memories. Jonas changes from a nave child who knows nothing about life to an opinionated, emotional young adult who witnesses the society's citizens' inability to know, to feel, to think, to judge and to make their own decisions.I enjoyed this book tremendously. It shows the tragedy of an emotionless person living in a so-called perfect world. ""`They can't help it. They know nothing.'""(Page 153) These ignorant citizens don't know right from wrong and simply act at other's order.I recommend this book to people of all ages, though it is best suited for kids of 4th grade and higher who possess high-level vocabulary and comprehension skills. Get ready to step in Jonas's shoes in this science fiction masterpiece that emphasizes humans' rights and our capability to decide for ourselves."
"Hello,my name is Kristy Okoren. I'm 12 yr.old and in the 7grade. I go to the Cadillac Middle School. I'm writing you this letter because my class just  got done reading, The Giver. We have also read Number the Stars, it was really sad and I'm glad that I wasn't around when that happened. So in Number the Stars did the two girls ever saw each other again? Well I think you should write another book that goes with Number the Stars, and why I think you should is because some people including me, would like to know if they ever saw each other or if they don't make it. We just got done reading The Giver. It was really wierd and I had a hard time understanding it. So can you help me understand why the community doesn't have the real parents take care of their children and why does the Birthmother have to be released after 3 children? I would like you to write another book that tells what happens to Jonas and Gabe. I would like them to still be alive and for them to start a new life and go on from there! Well I better finish my letter up to you by saying that I plan to read your other books and looking forward to a next series to The Giver and Number the Stars."
"The book The Giver was different from any other book. The lesson that it taught us was having an opinion and being an individual. It makes us think outside the box and it helped us to understand how fortunate we are. I believe this book has a good lesson and is not about courage, but breaking the rules. The author had such good discription and action that it seemed so realistic. That is one thing that isn't always in a book. But, at the end of the book it just ended and you didn't know what happened.Although some parts were good others weren't as good. Like when Jonas said that the apple had changed ,but not in shape or in any other way I didn't know what he meant. Along with when Jonas got mad at the children when they were playing war. I thought that it was confusing with what he felt. It was like he was all mixed up. Then the last part that wasn't as good was when I realized that Jonas's father killed babies that weren't normal. That was very sad. Some things that I liked about The Giver was when Jonas would receive the memories and would be happy. It felt like you were actually there. My other favorite was the Ceremony of the Twelves. That is what I thought of the review."
I liked the book and it kept my intrested. It just kinda got worse thru the book. And SPOILER ALERT at the end when he just takes gabe and leaves just ruined it for me.
"This book started out great.  It did a good job of painting a picture from the eyes of the main character so as to slowly explain how different this world is to ours. It was building up to something big, but somewhere along the way it lost momentum and time began to pass quickly with little explanation.  At the end, even when suspense was building I was left with all my questions unanswered.  I looked for a sequel in hopes of learning more but there were only companion novels written.  These companions were completely new stories which led to only more questions.  In truth, ""The Giver"" could have been written as a long and detailed novel with great explanation and left plenty of options to be further discovered in a world where things like colour were removed.  For example why were fair eyed people able to see beyond and how far beyond could they go one day?  If things like music and lonliness were removed to promote sameness what else was missing that we weren't even able to observe in such a short book.  Over all, it was written like a short story but labeled a novel and in one instant I turned the page and it was finished.  I felt utterly unsatisfied and its conclusion."
"The Giver Review The Giver is good literature based on the characteristics of lots of description, full of feelings, and a surprise ending. The Giver had lots of description in it. Whenever The Giver would transfer a memory to Jonas, Lois Lowry was very descriptive. Here is a description she wrote about a memory of Christmas morning: ""He [Jonas] was in a room full of people, and it was warm with firelight glowing on a hearth...On a table there were lighted candles, standing on a polished golden holder and cast a soft, flickering glow."" Another characteristic is the book was full of feelings. From the memories Jonas received, he perceived several feelings. He endured feelings of love and warmth, as well as feelings of death and warfare. A third good characteristic of literature was a surprise ending. Other might think it wasn't a surprise ending, but it depends on how you use the word. My thought of a surprise is I was surprised that the ending wasn't as good as I though it would be. It really left me hanging. So as you can see, The Giver is an example of good literature based on the characteristics of lots of description, full of feelings, and a surprise ending."
"I didn't like this book as much as everyone else. Just some background information. I'm in my 30's, and I understand that this is geared towards kids/young adults. But it seems to me that the books we used to read as kids or young adults back in my day were written better and with far more complex/deeper themes than this one. This book is too simple, which, along with similar ones such as ""The Hunger Games"" and ""Twilight"", makes me wonder if our society is dumbing down. Madeleine L'Engles book ""A Wrinkle In Time"", for example, was more enjoyable and thought-provoking than this one, and with similar themes.Furthermore, The characters are not fully developed. They are undimensional. There are certain parts in this book that are rushed and summarized, as if the writer didn't want to take the time to actually write a book. Another problem I have with it is that some major points of the workings of memories and their transfer are not explained. Other events just seem plain implausible due to their lack of explanation. I haven't read the sequels yet, so I'm not sure if these things are explained. But, the book must be able to stand alone on its own.Overall, I'm not to happy with this one. I will read the sequel to see if things better, but if they don't I might drop the whole series."
"The book held me in its grasp for the entirety, until the last chapter. The ending seemed very contrived and I am not sure I understand just why it ended where it did."
"I don't remember the last time a book shook me to the core, but somehow The Giver did just that. I didn't have high expectations, as the description makes the book sound like a corny post-apocalyptic dystopian tale, a Brave New World or Starship Troopers dumbed down for kids; but in many ways author Lois Lowry uses the setting, with a young apprentice learning a lost art from a wizened elder, to introduce challenging ideas of social structures and their pros and cons, all in an easy-to-understand way. The learning process that young Jonas undergoes, and how he comes out of his shell and into the harsh light beyond, is quite amazing. This is a spare book, 200 pages of lightly-spaced text, so you can finish it quickly, and with its spareness this tightly-edited tale leaves no excess. Highly recommended.I started reading the sequel, Gathering Blue, the day I finished The Giver, and am looking forward to the movie - I'm sure that Jeff Bridges will make an amazing Giver!!My 13-year-old son actually turned me on to this book, which I'd never heard of before. His class will be reading it in the new year, so he gets to study it for a few months. Lucky kid."
"This book has received awards, is well written, and apparently required reading for many middle school children.  I hadn't heard of it until all the hype came out promoting the movie so I chose to get on the waiting list.  It is not a long book 180 epages and also provides a preview to book 2.[spoiler alert]I didn't expect this ending but given that it is the first of four books, I assume there will be better resolution to come.  Book 1 has one of those thought provoking endings along with many loose ends, and I can see why it is used as a learning experience for children with so many essay topics available.  I've scanned descriptions and reviews of the next three books, looking for the continuation or completion of this story.  What I found surprised me mostly that it is called a series but it appears the story is not tied together until the final book. Also the amount of time between each volume makes we wonder when exactly the decision to make it a quartet was determined (book publication years 1993, 2000, 2004, 2012 per amazon).I will continue to read the quartet mostly because Im looking for answers.Format: Borrowed eBook"
"I just want to warn anyone who has yet to read this book NOT to read the review by Jedidiah Palosaari which is listed as the third review at the time of this writing (until after you've read the book).  Although I think it's a well written review, it contains a spoiler!  Now, for my comments... This story is provocative for sure.  I read it out loud to my kids even though they're really old enough to read it for themselves.  The images are vivid, and the author Lois Lowry does not shy away from the spectrum of human possibility, the good, the bad, the ugly.  Lowry stirs up all kinds of moral and ethical questions in this book.  There are some children's books that I love reading to my kids because they are great for the kids. This one is great even into adulthood.  If you haven't read it yet, I highly recommend it.  It is brilliant and, as others have noted, a classic. If you're a parent, this is a good family read (more older kids or screen it first) for opening lots of discussion and an opportunity to teach what you value.Laya Saul, author of the teen self help book ""You Don't Have to Learn Everything the Hard Way"""
"The setting in the Giver is a dystopian society far different from our where everything has a Sameness.  Jonas is the main character of the book. He is an eleven-year-old boy and lives with his family in his community. This community has every aspect of society planned out meticulously and everything is the same. Jonas then discovers that he is very different from everyone else.I really liked the topic in the book, and Lowry does a great job of writing developed characters and a unique plot. Lowry creates a great novel about a complicated society, and she was able to explain it simply. This novel brings up themes of freedom, uniqueness, and individuality.  The novel has an uneasy mystery that the main character unravels only to find more mystery. I think that the best part of the book is the very unique and complicated relationship between Jonas and the mysterious Giver. Overall I really enjoyed the book, but the one fault I found with it is its ending. The ending was a big cliffhanger, and left me with many unanswered questions. But, I soon found that Lowry has created three sequels to the Giver. I have anticipation to read these three sequels in the future."
"Looking for a quick read that you just cannot put down? Well sit back and prepare to be emerged into another amazing world of fantasy. Author Lois Lowry has created a place in our hearts and in time where conformity and sameness rules all. Welcome to a world where you can not choose anything, not even your spouse or your job. To a place where strong emotions, like tears, anger, pain, and even love, are kept from you. Imagine living in such a place, not knowing anything about the way we live now. Then, imagine receiving all of the knowledge: of war, of peace, of pain, of hunger, of love. The Giver takes you inside a life like this. You follow a young boy through all the pains and joys of our own lives, learning and growing along side him. This magical fantasy is ridiculously thought-provoking. Prepare to open your mind to new possibilities, to ask yourself: ""what if?"" This most enjoyable book will leave you with heart-warming experiences and a story you can play out in your own mind. I strongly suggest this book to those with great imaginations and those who are ready to be captured into a solemn truth of growing up and entering an entirely new world."
"The novel The Giver, by Lois Lowry, made me see the differences that are  contributed to each society.  This book showed how a young boy grows up in  a society where there was no crime, hate, or violence.  At certain ages,  children were given gifts that represented how old they were.  Some  received bikes while others received ribbons for their hair.  No one was  jealous of one another.  Everyone was equal.  As time passed on, the young  boy, Jonas, was given the job of  the Giver.  He could see and feel things  that no one else in his society could acquire. Colors, textures, pain and  happiness were among the many items Jonas gained throughout his session  with the original Giver.  As I read this book, my thoughts allowed me  to see how different my society is compared to Jonas's. Living in a society  where everyone is equal affected my understanding of how differently people  live. This book should be read with the idea that everyone has different  ways of surviving in the world. Personally, I would like to witness less  crime and hate towards people in my society.  The Giver will show the  reader the many differences societies have in the world."
"Lois Lowery has done a remarkable job with this book.  She has set up a perfect world where everybody has a place and there is no poverty.  Everybody recieves an education and health care.  there is no crime nor jealousy.  The perfect world... or so it seems.Jonas, the protangonist, reaches the magic age of 12 where he is to be selected for his life's work.  He is selected to be a reciever, the keeper of knowledge and feelings for the entire past.  Jonas learns from his teacher, the giver, that everything is the same without change, ever.  The reader finds out the community doesn't even see color or have true feelings.  Throughout the book, Jonas learns of the terrible secrets of his training and the true cost to the society.  He also learns why there is a reciever and why he is so imporant.Lois Lowery has shown the flip side of utopia.  If all of the bad is removed and most of the good is also removed, what is left?  An empty space.  This is great place to start children thinking about what they think of utopia and then explain what they think utopia is may not be what they really want.  This is very good book and I reccommend it."
"Lois Lowry's ""The Giver"" is set in a time and place where almost all times and places are set.  The characters wrapped up in this gripping novel live in a utopian-like society.  Everything is planned.  Certain rules must always be followed.  Love does not exist to anyone but one solitary person, who still remembers.  Every one has a role in the community.  One person will be selected to receive the knowledge of the past.  But what will the giver of the information do with it?  I think that ""The Giver"" was an excellent novel.  The plot was well-developed and flowed easily.  However, the story did contain some suspense as to what would happen next. This made it very interesting to read.  The characters in ""The Giver"" are characterized well and are easy for the reader to relate to, as well as the situations.  However, the story is entirely fiction and completely imaginary...at least at this point in time.  This gives the reader room for his or her own thoughts on every topic discussed.  This is one novel that will keep a reader going, turning page after page, and not wanting to stop until they reach the back cover."
"""The Giver"" is a great book, if you like fictional stories. I don't want to give away the book by telling you a full summary, but for you people who don't like surprises, read on. I'll be telling about a few  characters and maybe a few really good parts. One of those good parts was  when Jonas, the main character, started to panic when he wasn't assigned a  job. The part I liked the most was when Jonas and Gabriel stole out of the  community and were learning to survive in the outside world. The community  Jonas and the others live in aren't like the communities of today. This  community is extremely orderly and everyone who lives there are the same.  There isn't a president but they have a chief elder who leads a group of  elders who decide what goes on in this community. Later in the story, the  chief elder announces that he was selected to be... If you want to find out  and are interested in this book like I was and still am, you can find it in  bookstores and libraries. It will be amazing. That was what I thought after  I finished reading this wonderful book. Find your favorite part in this  book and tell us about it on Amazon.com."
"This is one of those books that I probably should have read in high school, but for some reason I didn't.  With the release of the movie coming up, I decided I needed to read the book before I see the movie, so I downloaded it.  I devoured this book in two days.I loved that this wasn't a traditional story line.  It took you a few steps into the future to a world where all of the things we know today no longer exist.  Can you even imagine not seeing colors?  Can you image not being able to fall in love and choose who you start a family with?  I can't imagine a loveless world where everything is shades of gray.The story of discovery and triumph for the new Receiver took me on a journey of confusion, discover, and freedom.  It shed a new light on the experiences most of us have throughout our life.  A simple sled ride gave him the hope and joy he needed.  Memories of beaches and sailboats helped a baby to sleep soundly.  These simple memories that we all take for granted were the things that helped these characters survive and find their freedom from a society that no longer had feelings.Definitely a great read!"
"I wish I could tell you the genre of this book. It takes place in a somewhat distant future after a world wide catastrophe, which by definition would make dystopian, but it bares little resemblance to any dystopian book I've ever read. There is a hint of fantasy in that some people have what can only be understood as a bit of magic. You might call this a ""Young Adult"" novel as the main character is 12. But the themes here run deep and true and there is nothing childish about them. There is more than a hint of psychology and at some level it is a psychological story. But some books transcend their story and this is one of them. The Giver is a short novel and part of a quartet of books, The Giver Quartet. The story is a story that will stay with you, likely the rest of your life. It is a story about choices, necessary and unnecessary. It will make you question your choices in life, and what you need to do as a person and as a member of society. If I were rating this book only as a story I would give it about 3.5 stars. But as a book that can be, and I suspect this one often is, life changing the 5 star rating seemed the only true rating."
"Abundance of interesting details, descriptions and relating to the reader are the most crucial characteristics to good literature. The Giver uses all three of these characteristics making the plot interesting and enjoyable. The Giver has plenty of interesting details to keep the reader hooked. Plenty of description lets the reader picture the settings and make their own opinion on the book. In the story, Lois Lowry releases little secrets at certain times to keep the reader enjoyed. When Jonas was given the memory of love, he went home and asked his parental units if they loved him. They replied with an answer that was not pleasing for anyone to hear. They answered him saying that they enjoyed his company and they were proud of his accomplishments. If I was in Jonas's position I would feel lonely and hurt. The end of the story was unexpected. Most readers expect an ending going into detail how the characters would turn out. However, the story leaves a cliffhanger allowing the reader to make their own decision. Personally, I did not like the ending because there was not enough details and descriptions that Lowry had given throughout the story."
"The book the Giver, was pretty good overall except for some flaws.  In the beginning of the novel, the first three chapters were very confusing for minors like us and we could not process all of the information stated until nearly the end of this book. This book contained many detailed settings, descriptions, and events. Though this book was for the most part unrealistic...this was very, very interesting. In some parts of  this story, we think that the author could have used less sexual examples of sexual dreams and feelings torward other beings. Also, on that note, at the end of this book when the author expalained to the readers about ""release"" she shouldn`t have used such harsh punishment torwards the characters. This book did teach a good moral though. While reading this, we learned that there are different rules and expectations for all of the different communities in our world. Everyone in our world is different in their own ways and it would be bad if we were all the same instead of us being unique. So, in conclusion this book was very good overall and we do recommend this for other readers who are around our age ( 13-14 years old)."
"The Giver was an interesting story to say the least. I will try to  be as spoiler free as possible but don't hold me on that . The main characters name is Jonah. The book does not give a lot of back story about Jonah or his community so your left at the dark in that one. None the less Jonah has turned the age where he will be assigned a job. You could be a caregiver. lawyer, doctor, ETC. Jonah is assigned a special job. He has been hand picked by The Giver a man that has the memories before the community. The council is scared of the memories getting out, but after an accident The Giver must be careful who he chooses this time to take his place. While on his journey he learns all these memories like fire,snow, sunlight, and color. Now the color thing kinda dazzled me a little bit.To me it was a bad move to put that the rest of the community didn't have color and The Giver did. This is a review not a summery but i still felt like i should say the important stuff. It does end with a big cliffhanger though and a lot of unexplained things. That is bad for any book. All things considered this is an amazing book and am not a big fan of reading."
"At first I didn't want to read this.Now I know not to take the phrase, ""Don't judge a book by its cover,"" by a grain of salt.And that decision changed my perspective of reading. Forever, I think.THE GIVER is part of a wonderfully entertaining series that kept me captivated until the last page of the last book of this quartet, SON. Lois Lowry... well, she did a great job of writing this book. I mean a really great job. In Jonas' seemingly flawless futuristic dystopian world where color doesn't exist, everything in it made me glad to be part of a world the way it is now, without newborns--pardon me, ""newchildren,"" are given numbers instead of names and your whole future is decided at the mere age of twelve. It made me content. It will make generations of people content.I know that THE GIVER has changed millions of people's lives. It altered mine, even if it wasn't a giant impact. And it's definitely worth the money. Worth the five stars that should be a million. Worth everyone's praise and respect. And it will become a huge impact on people even in the future. Forever, I think."
"The Giver The Giver is a very imaginary book. It is about a boy named Jonas who is 11 years old and a very lucky child named Gabriel lives in a question less, colorless choice less community. Whenever a child turns the age of 12 they receive a job and start serving the community. When Jonas turns the age of 12 he receives a special job called a memory receiver. The people who announce the jobs said it would be a very hard job. The job of the memory receiver is privet he could not tell anyone about his training of the full job he could talk about any of his dreams. But in one of these training sessions he finds out that when a birth mother has twines they kill the smaller one. Jonas sees a tape recording of his father and is amazed and he thinks that it isn't fair he wants to change it what will he do, find out! I think it is a great book. I like the point of the book. It is a very well written book and the characters are well described well and their personalities are very clear .I think I would always recommend this book!"
"THE GIVER: A book review by Stephan and DominikWe read the book `The Giver' by Lois Lowry with our English teacher at  Schwalmgymnasium (senior high school) in Treysa, Germany.We reacted differently. We think it is too unreal but also very exciting. While reading the story you don't know what happens next, there are many surprises in the story. The idea to that story is very good but someway very silly. In this perfect world there is no pain and no feelings like love or something else. We think this world is very boring because everything is planned and you aren't allowed to choose your partner or your job. Something good is that there is no war. But in the community there are no colours, no weather, no cars and even no real families. Everything seems as a real world but it isn`t because they live a lie. They can't carry their own life in their own hands, the Elders control everything.The book has an open end which makes the reader think.We think that the end is too abrupt. While reading you will note that it is a typical science-fiction book.If you are interested in science-fiction books this book is OK for you."
"The plot is acting in a fictional world in the future, where the people -tired of wars and diseases- live in such called ""communities"". Small villages. They where able, because of scientific development to use ""climate control"" and ""terraforming"", to build the world, like they wanted to. In their community, they abolished things like, weather (because of bad weather), hills and mountains (because of the risk of falling down), colors (because they wanted to get all thing unitary). The people in the community, have to stick to a lot of rules. The main character Jonas, a 12-year-old boy, was chosen for the most important job in the whole community. He is going to get the new Receiver of Memory, who is reminding all the thing of the past, the other people don't want to know. During the process of his training by the Giver of Memory, all the dark secrets of the community were revealed to them. He and the Giver make a plan to change the life of the people again, to the way it was in the past.The book is good to imagine. The world that is described, has a lot of good sides, but the dark sides of that way of living are very scary to us."
"In Lois Lowry's THE GIVER, the main character Jona, lives in a ficticious community sometime in the future. His world revoloves around around the principle of ""sameness."" Everything is perfect. Unlike the real world today, in Jona's world there is no conflict, no unemployment, no  poverty, no divorce, but most importantly, there is no change. Everyone in  Jona's world has been sheltered from the past, sheltered from the memories  of past pains and misfortunes. The only person in the community that knows  the truth is the Giver.  In December, during the Ceremony of Tweleve, Jona  is given the highest honor, and a lifelong assignment to be the new Giver.  Before he can step into his job full swing though, he must learn some  valuable lessons from the old Giver. Through those teaching, Jona becomes  the recipricant of all the memories, and learns the true hipocracy of the  world which surrounds him. On a more personal note, I would just like to  say that this is a fabulous book.  It really makes you value the world in  which you live in, and makes you cherish your ability to make your own  decisions and have your own emotions."
"Don't even try to put me in he Giver's world. It's a good read, but you have to be prepared for some depressing scenes.  Try to imagine living in a place where snow, sunshine, and spring flowers are only a faint memory to a select few. Strong emotions such a love and anger are obsolete. Music has disappeared altogether. Everyone's ""birthday"" is on the same day,  with only fifty people of each age. This is Jonas' community.  When Jonas  and the other Elevens turn twelve, they are selected for training in  different professions, such as ""Doctor"" and ""Caretaker of  the Old"". After hours of anticipation, Jonas is chosen as the new  ""Receiver of Memory"". Wow, big deal.  But it is a big deal! Now,  he is one of only two people who know that sunbathing and war ever existed.  You could call him extremely lucky. Or you could call him infinitely  unfortunate. Take your pick.  It's interesting in a twisted sort of way to  read about a world without color. I just wouldn't want to live there. Read  The Giver and decide for yourself what your opinion is."
"The community in which Jonas lives is so meticulously ordered and based on the notion of ""sameness"" that from birth, it's citizens' entire destinies are decided by an elite group of elders. Food, shelter, careers, spouses and families, etc. are all chosen for them leaving almost no room whatsoever for free will. Even their emotions are mitigated by consuming a daily pill after puberty so that sexual desires and the like are never experienced. Jonas is assigned the job of ""receiver"" and this means that after becoming a ""twelve"", as all young people do, he is apprenticed to a particular position in the community, his position being receiver of memories. In this distant future, Lois Lowry says that all memories of history and general knowledge of the world were forgathered and kept by one man. How this happened or works is never satisfactorily explained. This man assumes the title of ""giver"" once Jonas' training begins and again, somehow, transfers his memories to Jonas. What happens thereafter throws Jonas into a whirlwind of subjectivity, freedom, and knowledge that makes this book difficult to put down."
"My mom introduced this book to me when I was younger and it is the only book that to this day, I continue to read.  As an adult, I enjoy children's books, but as a student, reading was one of my least favorite things to do.  THE GIVER is my favorite story.  It kept my interest as a young reader, which was difficult to do.  This story turned me on to reading because of that.  Before this book, I did not realize that reading could actually be entertaining.The author is descriptive and pulls the reader into the book with Jonas' story and struggles.  It is about a time when things such as color do not exist.  Everyone is pretty equal, and no one is out of the ordinary.  Once a year everyone comes to a ceremony where each child advances to the next year of life with new responsibilities.  This year Jonas begins training for his life's work.  He is given the role of The Receiver.  Under this title, Jonas receives information from the past from The Giver.  The Giver is the only one with memories from the past, which are the only resource the community has to make decisions hoping to not repeat the mistakes of the past."
"The Giver: A book review by Jochen and WaldemarThe novel `The Giver' by Lois Lowry is about a community in the future and a small boy who wants to escape from there. There were concrete attributes which he could not abide after he had not take drugs (pills against pain) like everybody else there.We liked the story `The Giver' by Lois Lowry.To tell the truth we have to confess that on some parts of the story, the content was a bit boring. But all in all the entire book was imaginative. The mixture of science fiction and fantasy was new to us. With all that fantasy you could reconstruct it. You could imagine that the society today could develop to the society in the book. The book is maybe a alert the people in our world. The people want to have everything perfect today and you can see what might happen if everything seems to be perfect. The main character Jonas was the only one who saw the problem of the community in which he lived, and wanted to have a world in which nothing is perfect but a society with feelings like love. It shows us how important feelings are and that we have to respect and to take care of them."
"The Giver: A book review by Jochen and WaldemarThe novel `The Giver' by Lois Lowry is about a community in the future and a small boy who wants to escape from there. There were concrete attributes which he could not abide after he had not take drugs (pills against pain) like everybody else there.We liked the story `The Giver' by Lois Lowry.To tell the truth we have to confess that on some parts of the story, the content was a bit boring. But all in all the entire book was imaginative. The mixture of science fiction and fantasy was new to us. With all that fantasy you could reconstruct it. You could imagine that the society today could develop to the society in the book. The book is maybe a alert the people in our world. The people want to have everything perfect today and you can see what might happen if everything seems to be perfect. The main character Jonas was the only one who saw the problem of the community in which he lived, and wanted to have a world in which nothing is perfect but a society with feelings like love. It shows us how important feelings are and that we have to respect and to take care of them."
"The Giver is a once in a lifetime book that brings the reader to a place of empathy and remembrance.It begins in a colorless, comfortable and benign community, where talking about and going through the predictable rituals of life are narrated by the main character, eleven almost twelve year old Jonas.As Jonas describes his community, the rules and ways of his current life, the reader becomes  immersed in Jonas's story.Jonas enters the customary celebration of 'twelves'; the age where each twelve year old is assigned his 'identity', beginning training and apprenticeship for his life's work (decided by a collaborative community of elders).After eleven years of intense observation and scrutiny by the committee of elders, Jonas finds himself chosen for the most honorable and daunting position in the community.It is a rare and singular post referred to as the 'Receiver.'His teacher is the 'Giver.'Thus the story begins to breathe and quicken , taking the reader on a heart changing journey as Jonas is instructed andtaught by the Giver.One word of caution: This book is the first of a quartet.Yay!!!I recommend this book highly.  It's exceptional and unforgettable !"
"Jonas is an 11 year old boy living in a different society that has eliminated emotions. When Jonas turns 12 he is assigned a job like everyone else. He is the receiver of the memories which means he gets to be trained by the Giver. The Giver holds all the great and bad about life like emotions, rides, and color .  In Jonas world people get released, People who break laws or does not fit in with the society get released. When Jonas gets to experience these they make his life richer. Jonas is also start a bond with a baby named Gabe. When Gabe will be released. Jonas and Gabe runs into a place with color and landscape but also Hunger and Sleepiness The Giver is a great book to read and certainly one of my favorites. for all who loves science fiction Lowery was very clever when writing this novel and showed many ways why this book is going to be glued to your hand. Although this book was hard to understand in the beginning, I kept reading. This book showed love, fate, challenge and more. I loved this book and I think so will you. It is so fun to read about how  a perfect life doesn't end up being perfect."
"I chose this rating because the ending is terrible, disappointing, and leaves you not knowing enough, what happens now too everyone we just didn't a couple days reading about....."
"I read this book a month or so ago in my 6th grade literature class.I really liked the book and it's theme and moral.It did however have some very strange and well....odd parts in it.A lot of the kids in my grade didn't like the book and thought it was wierd which is okay,they were too immature to realize it's strong moral.I really enjoyed discussing this book in class and I think part of the reason some kids might not like it is because they didn't have someone to explain to them some of the confusing things in the book.As the author leaves you hanging on some details of it.It's a better read aloud for younger kids (5-7th grade possibly 8th grade might need an explanation or two).The author never tells you the ending which did drive me nuts but my teacher read an interview of the author about the hanging ending and she gave a reasonable explanation about how she wanted the reader to ""imagine"" the ending him or herself.It was a great book and I'm glad I had a chance to read it,it's better than summary on the back and plus the summary ruins everything for you,so my suggestion is ""Don't read the back!"" if you haven't already.I'd also like to state this WAS written by a 12 year old for all you other kids who might not believe this is an actual kid,lol :)"
"The Giver ReviewThe book I read is called The Giver. The setting of the story is in a community. Jonas, the main character, is an 11 year old boy who attends a ceremony where he is turning 12. At the ceremony Jonas finds that his job will be the Receiver of Memories. Jonas gets his memories from the Giver. The Giver is the original Receiver of Memories. Jonas is lucky to be the Receiver of Memories.To be the Receiver of Memories the Giver has to give Jonas the memories by having Jonas lie on a bed and the Giver touches his back. Jonas has his eyes closed, he is relaxed and he receives the memories. The Giver has bad memories and good memories. One bad memory was war. A good memory was Christmas when he sees a family all gathered together around the Christmas tree and opening presents.Jonas wants to leave the community because he wants to make choices instead being forced to follow rules that he doesn't want to follow. He wants to see color and he wants the memories to be real. He also wants to share the memories with other people in the community.I liked this book and would recommend this book to ages 12 and up. I would recommend this book because it's a good book and it has an interesting plot and setting................."
"This book is about a small community in the future where everything is planned out for each person and there are no choices. Everything is in ""Sameness"". I think that The Giver is a very good book. I like how the book has a new and different perspective. I think the author, Lois Lowry, did a great job of creating such a futuristic community. The usage of details in the story was stellar. The setting, plot characters, just about everything was completely original. It has a complex plot, but it is not so complex that you can't understand it. It is also suspenseful. You don't know what is going to happen next. The setting and characters were described well in The Giver. I could really tell what the characters were like. I don't think I know anything that is bad about The Giver. The author, Lois Lowry, did a great job writing The Giver. Unfortunately, though, this book has been ""challenged"" which means some people want it to be banned. This book is very deep and full of emotion, but I do not think it should be banned. I think everyone should read it, because not only is The Giver a moving book, but it is also an entertaining read. If I could, I would give it 6 stars. Please read this book! I know you will like it!"
"When I got an email that Lois Lowry had written a fourth novel for ""the Giver"" series, I decided to re-read from the beginning.  I read ""The Giver"" first in my early 20s and enjoyed it.  This time, I was enthralled and amazed.  Lowry draws the reader into the story with characters you like and relate to, and she describes a world that seems comfortable and relaxing and wonderful - enough so that you (like her characters) settle in and accept the oddities of this utopian world.We are drawn right along with the protagonist as he begins to learn about what he has never known - how things used to be, both the good and the bad.  Our emotions intensify along with Jonas'.  In the end, we are left with questions not just about the story (what happens ultimately is far from clear) but also about what the ""right"" thing to do would be.  I have been thinking about this book since I finished it a couple of weeks ago, which incidentally had me sitting in Panera litterally crying into my latte.The writing is skillful and beautiful, the themes are big and important, and the whole thing is easy enough to read that I'll hand it to my 9-year-old next.  No wonder this got the Newbury medal.  One of the ""best"" children's books I have ever read."
"""The Giver"" was an excellent book! I was on the edge of my seat the whole time. I couldn't put it down! It was like I was addicted to it!I was always reading! The book taught me a lot about how we live. It taught me about how important love, pain and especially feelings are. Withoutthese things, we wouldn't be the people we are today. We need feelings to shape us into the people we are going to be. If you gothrough life without people loving you and sharing good and badtimes with you, your life is basically incomplete! Some people like teachers and parents, think that other kids shouldn't read this book because it sets bad examples and deals with serious, mature issues. One thing in the book that they might think is not appropriate is when the young girl injects a needle into her skin to kill herself. People think that this book shows that it is okay to end things when times get tough. They are wrong because the people in the book don't know what they are doing. They don't know death is. Overall, this is an exceptional book. I would have to say it is very rare that kids are interested in books they read in school and out, so I know this has to be a good book. This is a must-read book!  Written By:Jordan Hobbs"
"I think the book, ""The Giver"", is an interesting, but slow book. It is interesting because it uses odd ideas, but the ideas are not hard to understand. In The Giver, people could not see colour, be in love or sad. If someone were sad, they would want something, and if someone wanted something, that person would want to steal, and if someone steals, people would hate each other and if people hated each other war would break out. If there was colour, people might prefer a certain colour. If people preferred a certain colour, they would want that colour, so colour is removed from the community The Giver is told in. Some people may censer this book because of nudity and people killing themselves, but the events in this book are very important to the plot. In the book, if someone does something wrong, they are released. Release is death, but no one in the community knows what death is. All people in The Giver are happy and feel they are in paradise, but no one knows anything better then their life. If I had to rate The Giver, I would give it a three and a half stars. The reason i would give this book three and a half stars is because I found the book a bit slow. The book was a bit slow because nothing happened till about half way into the book."
"In this book the future is made up of communities with rules and governed with a watchful eye. In these communities there is no war, no crime, no heartache. There is also no love, no feelings of want, no colors. So which would be better? Our ways now or the ones in the future? Jonas feels that the old ways (our ways now) would be the best. Jonas has been given the job of Receiver. That job entails learning all the memories from the past from the old Receiver. Only one person can be this Receiver and he must hold all the memories within himself so it will not be released to the others in the community. For pure chaos could happen. Jonas goes through many painful memories of loss, war, starvation, etc but he also experiences memories of happiness, love and starts seeing the colors in everything. He believes everyone should have these memories and these feelings and sets out to make this happen.I do admit that the ending boggled me for a bit. I realized that I could make the ending out to be the way I felt it should. You will be able to do the same. It is a very charming book that leaves you thinking long after you have finished."
"This book is the bomb.com. If youre someone who is into fiction this is the book for you. Right when you think something is going to go a certain way it goes the complete opposite. The feels I got from this book is incredible and I felt like I connected with Jonas and the pain hed feel in some of the memories he got. I felt like a character in the book going through everything holding Jonass hand. The characters in this book are so realistic that  it makes me feel like Im best friends with Jonas and the Giver and their my homies who think and react the same way I do. The authors way to create tension and interest is mind blowing. I read this whole book in a sitting because I couldnt stop after one thing happened after the other. Honestly, Id rather jump off a bridge than never have to speak about this book again! The way Lois Lowry pulls in readers to want to know how everything is going to end is impressive. Reading this book is like getting a million kisses from your grandma and having red lipstick on your face. You simply cannot stop thinking about the book like as if it were easy to take the lipstick off!"
"Such a clever, perfect society, yet with so many flaws. This is great way to realize that we need all the simple joys in life. Everyone should read this book."
"This was the very first dystopian fantasy book that I read many years ago, and have read it several times since. . .and I am loving it just as much now as the first time I read it. I'm really looking forward to the movie! Jonas is a young boy who discovers that his 'perfect' world is not what it seems, but he alone has the chance to fight back, to try to save humanity that for the most part is comfortable and doesn't have any desire to be saved. If you had never seen color, and never even realized that color existed, then would you miss it? If you were comfortable and happy with your life, would you even consider taking action that was 'right,' but that could destroy your peaceful existence? The struggles and decisions that Jonas faces remind me of the challenges faced by Aranka, the main character in one of my other favorite dystopian books (in the Kyrennei series by Arie Farnam), except that her 'perfect' world is our world now. . .we already live in the dystopia that we fear. Definitely one of my favorites; I know not to start any of them unless it is the weekend, because I'll be up way too late finishing them!"
"The Giver is a phenomenal book about finding your place in the world. Jonas, the main character, is living in a futuristic society and is unlike anyone else in his community. Many rules have changed since present day and the people of Jonas' community don't own as much control over their lives as we do. One of the major changes is that Elders choose your occupation when you become a ""twelve."" Since Jonas is not outstanding in any of his day to day tasks, he finds himself being placed in a job that is very remote from his society, yet is highly honored. This job allows Jonas to view and experience what our world today was like and even before today's world. These ""memories"" are transformed to Jonas through the Giver. This is the occupation that Jonas will someday fulfill. However the memories come in many different attitudes from sad, mad, hurtful, happy, fun and many other moods. These have a major effect on Jonas' way of thinking of and seeing his society. This makes Jonas very isolated from everyone in his community. As Jonas sets out to change the world he also finds and changes himself!"
Don't fail to buy and savor all four books of this series:The GiverGathering BlueMessengerSonYou will not be sorry.
"I have a friend that absolutely adores this book. She read it when she was a child and really wants to see the movie. So, I decided I would read the book before the movie.It was okay. Perhaps if I had read it as a kid, it would be a different story. But I read it as an adult. I was a little bored, found the story to be a little too simplistic, found Jonas to be a little too whiny at times, and found the ending to be a little unfulfilling. I know these things work better in the context of a children's book. However, I saw the previews for the movie, which portrays Jonas as older than 12, and I couldn't help but picture a 16-year-old throwing a tantrum and that really turned me off (I know, that's my problem, not the book's).I was also a little disappointed in the ending. I would have loved to see the aftermath of Jonas' actions. I just felt that this story wasn't quite complete. It was also a little dark for the intended age group because I'm pretty sure that ending wasn't as vague as it presented itself as being.But hey, at least it was really short and quick to read."
"Lowry's book is fascinating to say the least. She leaves you to make many conclusions on your own about what is happening. The ability to read into the story your own world view is almost frightneing when you consider that this is a childs book. However at the same time from a sociological and political stand point it raises some very serious questions for the adult reader to struggle through. The theme is one of what would life be like in a ""perfect"" society where everyone was safe and content but never made decsions for themselves, if the government (elders) were trusted to make the right decision for everyone. It touches on such tough issues as euthanasia, society role or class, and socialism. As you can imagine these are some very deep subjects for a children's book. I would reccomend that any parent read this book before or at least with their child so that they can dicuss these important topics with them. Let us pray that our society never becomes this ""safe."" Overall a very quick read and worth a couple hours of your time."
"Any reader of any age can find something appealing in ""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry.  It is the tale of a young boy, Jonas, who lives in a world of sameness, free of pain, but also missing color, individuality, and true emotion.  When Jonas is selected by his elders to become the next Receiver, the most honorable position in the community, he has no idea what to expect.  As his training progresses, he learns of an entirely different world, of an Elsewhere, filled with pain and delight, misery and bliss.I read ""The Giver"" as a child, and was spell-bound by the story it told.  Reading this book as a child, I was able to relate it to experiences in my own life: my own happiness, my own sorrow, my own pain.  I recently read ""The Giver"" a second time, now as a senior in high school, and the book has taken on an entirely new meaning.  I could relate the story to my own search for individuality as I head away from home and into the world.I would highly recommend ""The Giver"" to anyone of any age.  This novel can be read a hundred times, and each time it will mean something different to the reader."
"Great book!  I just reread this after having read it a few years ago in undergrad for a class.  Quick read too, I guess partially because it's written for young adults.Quick synopsis: Jonah, the main character, lives in a world of Sameness.  Everyone is the same, eats the same, talks the same and dresses the same.  Everything is regulated so that no one is different and feels bad because of their differences.  When he becomes a Twelve (his age - everyone changes ages at the same time, on the same day) he gets assigned the job of The Receiver of Memories.  This is a very prestigious job on the outside, but comes with much responsibility.Lowry does a wonderful job making this an easy and enjoyable read.  She also only introduces the reader to pieces and parts of the utopia little bits at a time, where, at first, the reader may think that this world Jonas lives in sounds like a great plan; no pain, no sorrow.  However, as you read on and discover the other things they don't have in their world; weather, hills, mountains, you see that it's not as wonderful as you may have initially thought."
"First, I want to thank Gretchen Rubin, whose The Happiness Project led me to The Giver. It was on a list of children's books she loved. I think it should be on any thoughtful adult's list as well. Jonas is chosen to hold all the memories in a world where everything is ordered and organized in such a way that no one needs to make decisions. Hunger, want, violence, chaos do not exist in this well-ordered society and its members are spared as well the pain of imperfect children and frail elders. No one questions anything - except Jonas. And as he is given all the memories that exist, he increasingly questions how society is organized and whether or not people would be better remembering for themselves.This is a though-provoking book for anyone who has wrestled with the thorny issues around societal control and information flow. Who owns our memories? How much information should be shared? It may be that this is essential reading for anyone who is trying to figure out social media and anyone who has ever reflected on the appropriate boundaries for government. It certainly broadened my perspective."
"The Giver written by Lois Lowry is a well written book.Lois Lowry choose a simple writing style, so everyone can understand it. The book is about a boy who lives in a community where everything is the same. Jonas was selected by the comity of the elders for the most honored job of the community. Lois Lowry wants to show the reader how the way of life could be different if everything is same. I think it is a good book because she proposes the reader to think of his own life, after reading the book. It is written like a science fiction story which seams to be very unrealistically. So at the end of the book I thought that there is a parallelism between The Matrix and The Giver. There are many agreements in this two stories because of the parallelism world in The Matrix there are also Machines which have the control of the whole population, they look for the right way of how the people live.In The Giver there is near the same with the memories. So if the reader is thinking of the difference of his own way of life and of the way of life which Jonas is living it could be interesting."
"""The Giver"" is a very originel and exciting story.We read the book in our English-lesson and I have to say that I really enjoyed it! A life without any feelings or memories of the past is an excelent theme for  a (children's)book! In my opinon her writing-style is simple and good  understandable,without foreign words,which is typical of children's  books.Her usage contains some extraordinary words like  ""Receiver"",""Giver"",""Sameness"",""Elsewhere""or""Family  unit"".Makeing use of these she builds up her (and also the  reader's)""futur-world"", which is very best explaind. The story is  pretty exciting because of the strange atmosphere of a life without  feelings or emotions,a lot of rules/regulations and the rise of Jonas's  behavior the more he knows about the past. There are some highpoints, f.ex.  the videotape of Jonas's father killing the babies or the  warfar-ememory,which lead to the ""real climax"",that is Jonas's  and Gabriel's flight out of the community.This rise shows that Jonas's  character changes in the story."
"I just finished reading the best book that I have read in the6th grade.  It is entitled ""The Giver"" and was wonderfullywritten by Lois lowery.  This amazing book was about a boy named Jonas and the difficulties that he faces while in training to become the Receiver of Memory.  I am going to inform you about the great and horrible obstacles that happen in this book.  I think that it was a wonderful sensation when The Giver gave Jonas the good memories because now Jonas knows what love and hapiness are.  I also thought that the author did a wonderful job making it heart-warming when The Giver talked about Rose-Mary because that is when he (The Giver) felt love.  He talked about that because Jonas asked many questions about her.  It was aslo wonderful that Jonas could feel and understand the Giver because no one else could. My eyes were glued to the book ... To find out what happens with Jonas, The Giver and Gabe read The Giver and maybe you will agree with me that a sequel is needed or maybe just a little more information at the end of the book because the author is not very specific."
"The Giver  Random House 1993, 179 pp., $6.50Lois Lowry  ISBN 0-440-03768 ""Jonas you will be trained to be our next Receiver of memories."" Jonas lives in a world where everything is the same: the same routine, the same school, the same people and the same house. Everything changes when Jonas turns 12 and gets his first and last job for life. Up until now, Jonas has been worrying about this job and what would become of him. It is much more than Jonas expected. Jonas learns about things that he could never have in his world. Jonas is happy with his assignment until one day when he realizes that it has a bad side too. Will Jonas bail out or become the new Receiver? I recommend this book to any reader who seeks adventurous, thrilling books. I like the way the book shows the reader that everyone is different and you should never try to be something you're not.  You should always be yourself. This book also shows that you have to choose your own way to go. You have to choose your own path and no one can choose for you."
"The Giver  Random House 1993, 179 pp., $6.50Lois Lowry  ISBN 0-440-03768 ""Jonas you will be trained to be our next Receiver of memories."" Jonas lives in a world where everything is the same: the same routine, the same school, the same people and the same house. Everything changes when Jonas turns 12 and gets his first and last job for life. Up until now, Jonas has been worrying about this job and what would become of him. It is much more than Jonas expected. Jonas learns about things that he could never have in his world. Jonas is happy with his assignment until one day when he realizes that it has a bad side too. Will Jonas bail out or become the new Receiver? I recommend this book to any reader who seeks adventurous, thrilling books. I like the way the book shows the reader that everyone is different and you should never try to be something you're not.  You should always be yourself. This book also shows that you have to choose your own way to go. You have to choose your own path and no one can choose for you."
"The Giver  Random House 1993, 179 pp., $6.50Lois Lowry  ISBN 0-440-03768 ""Jonas you will be trained to be our next Receiver of memories."" Jonas lives in a world where everything is the same: the same routine, the same school, the same people and the same house. Everything changes when Jonas turns 12 and gets his first and last job for life. Up until now, Jonas has been worrying about this job and what would become of him. It is much more than Jonas expected. Jonas learns about things that he could never have in his world. Jonas is happy with his assignment until one day when he realizes that it has a bad side too. Will Jonas bail out or become the new Receiver? I recommend this book to any reader who seeks adventurous, thrilling books. I like the way the book shows the reader that everyone is different and you should never try to be something you're not.  You should always be yourself. This book also shows that you have to choose your own way to go. You have to choose your own path and no one can choose for you."
"The Giver  Random House 1993, 179 pp., $6.50Lois Lowry  ISBN 0-440-03768 ""Jonas you will be trained to be our next Receiver of memories."" Jonas lives in a world where everything is the same: the same routine, the same school, the same people and the same house. Everything changes when Jonas turns 12 and gets his first and last job for life. Up until now, Jonas has been worrying about this job and what would become of him. It is much more than Jonas expected. Jonas learns about things that he could never have in his world. Jonas is happy with his assignment until one day when he realizes that it has a bad side too. Will Jonas bail out or become the new Receiver? I recommend this book to any reader who seeks adventurous, thrilling books. I like the way the book shows the reader that everyone is different and you should never try to be something you're not.  You should always be yourself. This book also shows that you have to choose your own way to go. You have to choose your own path and no one can choose for you."
"The Giver  Random House 1993, 179 pp., $6.50Lois Lowry  ISBN 0-440-03768 ""Jonas you will be trained to be our next Receiver of memories."" Jonas lives in a world where everything is the same: the same routine, the same school, the same people and the same house. Everything changes when Jonas turns 12 and gets his first and last job for life. Up until now, Jonas has been worrying about this job and what would become of him. It is much more than Jonas expected. Jonas learns about things that he could never have in his world. Jonas is happy with his assignment until one day when he realizes that it has a bad side too. Will Jonas bail out or become the new Receiver? I recommend this book to any reader who seeks adventurous, thrilling books. I like the way the book shows the reader that everyone is different and you should never try to be something you're not.  You should always be yourself. This book also shows that you have to choose your own way to go. You have to choose your own path and no one can choose for you."
"I LOVED this book! I had to read this book for my English class and I am so happy i read the book.Jonas is almost 12. And for him and his community thats a big deal. When each child turns 12 they are given a certain job that they will do for the rest  of their live's (unti they are released) Jonas is given the most important job, the job of learning how to hold all the people's memories (good and bad) within his mind. The Giver is thw man who shows him this. Along  the way he learns the truth behind his family, the communities history and why it has so many strange rules, and the mean ing of pain, love, and death.I would reccomend this book to kids 13+ because it has some strong material and it can be hard for other kids to emotionaly handel this book. It has some sexual stuff (ex. the stirrings (which is like puberty but in a different way)) and some strong material (ex. realeasing (which is hard to understand exactly what being released means)) Thank so much for reading this review!(sorry fkr the typing errors, for I tyed this in my kindle)~A 7th Grader"
"I first read The Giver by Lois Lowry about twenty years ago, when my children were young. With the advent of the movie, I decided to reread the book. I would label the story a fantasy more than a facts-of-life book dealing about family, values, and emotions and feelings.Jonas, a soon to be twelve-year-old awaits a ceremony in which he and others his age received their adult jobs. We learn about his family and a futuristic society where people are conditioned for sameness.  At the ritual, Jonas discovers he is to become The Giver. As the giver-in-training, he is The Receiver, receiving memories from the aging Giver. As part of the training process, Jonas discoveries that his family and society are not perfect, and that he cannot live in it any longer. The Giver plans to help Jonas leave the drab Utopian life by giving him memories that will help him escape into a better world. But things go wrong, and Jonas departs before getting all the necessary memories. Does he survive?I found the book more depressing than inspirational, leaving the reader with lots of questions."
"The Giver is an example of good literature, because it had a very surprising ending. This text is very good literature, because of the way that the novel ends was seriously unexpected. It was completely shocking and I thought the author might say something like if Jonas and Gabe made it to elsewhere or they froze to death. The mid-to end of the novel was shocking because I was not expecting Jonas to run away with Gabe. But what I found to be the most shocking was that they were going to release Gabe the next morning. I thought Jonas and Gabe would make it to elsewhere and find a community or build a shelter and live they're the rest of their lives. I was not expecting the story to just leave you hanging like that. The novel The Giver says, ""Behind him across the vast distance of space and time, from the place he had left, he thought he hears music too. But perhaps it was just an echo."" The novel The Giver was a very good book everything about it how creative it is, all the detailed events everything so I feel that the novel the Giver was a good peice of lierature."
"I definitely enjoyed the storyline of this book very much. You are presented in the beginning of the book with Jonas, a boy about to turn twelve. You meet his family and see that there is much emphasis on job titles in the community, as well as much emphasis on what is called Sameness. Jonas' story of being selected as the next Receiver of Memory is definitely riveting. You encounter his trials and tribulations as he learns about the world and begins to feel and see things for what they really are.This book most definitely had touches of Communism, in that everything is the same and everyone has an important role in the community. Everyone has the same things, and everyone (mainly the Committee of Elders) is the government. Jonas begins to see through this as he learns more about his job, and begins to feel things such as love for the very first time.This story is powerful. It has so much inner meaning behind it, such as in the end. The symbolism in the book is amazing, as is the storyline. I would definitely recommend it to anyone and everyone of all ages."
"I always heard all my friends talking about how amazing this book was, but I had to see for myself. They were right! The Giver was a great book that showed what love and pain are really about. It also shows how scary a world of perfection can be.  The Giver is basically about a young Twelve named Jonas who lived in a community of perfection. No one is poor and no one argues, and there is no color. Everyoen gets everything at the exact same time. Whether its a bike at Seven, or a job at Twelve. Everyone has different jobs that are assigned to them. Jonas is assigned to the most important job in his community. He is the new Receiver of Memory. Jonas must deal with all of the things the community has chosen not to live with. Such as: love, pain, color, sunshine, or snow.  Jonas must be put through physical and emotional pain to receive all of these horrible things like poverty and illness that their cmmunity does not want. Lois Lowry wrote this book EXTREMELY well, and I would recommend this to any reader looking for a book that really makes you think."
"If anyone ever needed proof that the society we live in is not as bad as  it seems they should read The Giver. The problems we have to deal with such  as crime, starvation, and war are insignificant to the problems that face  the utopian society of The Giver. In this so-called perfect society  everyone is the same they all have the same homes and the same amount of  belongings but, they don't have memories and they all do what the leaders  of their society tell them to. The people within in this community act like  robots they do what they are told and they never question why things are  they way they are. How could anyone exist without the basic human rights  that we take for granted? It is so true that you don't know what you have  until it's gone because after reading The Giver I came to realize all that  I do have that I take for granted. For example, can you imagine a life  without color or going through your life without a memory? I know that our  society does have some serious problems but, The Giver shows you that  things could definitely be a lot worse."
"At the beginning of The Giver by Lois Lowry, Jonas, one of the main characters, and an eleven feels apprehensive on page one. The other main characters are the Giver who is the Reciever of Memory, and Gabriel who is a newborn and is having trouble sleeping in the nurturing center.  The setting is somewhat plain, colorless, and sameness meaning no one but the reciever of memory has books, no one has individual birthdays, and everyone sees black and white except for the reciever of memory and the reciever in training. At the beginning of the book Jonas feels apprehensive due to the age ceremony, he gets selected for the reciever of memory and later on doesn't like his community or his father. Here is one of the sentences in the story,""The daily training continued and now it always included pain.""  I highly recommend that you read this book for three reasons. Lois Lowry fills minds with interesting facts. She makes it interesting. And she makes you want to read on.  (...). The main theme of this book is that sameness is not important."
"In my mind, I would consider The Giver, to be an excellent book. I enjoyed how Lois Lowry based the book upon having a perfect community. Also, she used many characteristics of good literature. In fact, I think that this novel had at least 4 or 5 good literature traits. Some of these traits would be that this novel had lots of description, lots of interesting details, had believable characters, and also at times I found that this novel could be considered humorous. Most of all, I enjoyed how Lois Lowry showed what it would be like if the whole world was perfect. As in perfect, I mean no death, no colors, people telling you what to do everyday, people picking out the food that you were to eat, and most of all there would be no feelings. I could not imagine what it would be like to live in a world without feelings. For example, the characters from The Giver would not know what it is like to be happy, sad, angry, or even what loving someone feels like. All I know is that if someone were to take away my feelings, I would have no idea how I would be able to live."
"The book The Giver follows Jonas, a boy growing up in a Utopian society. The story follows Jonas to the age of 12 and at the age of 12 he recieves his job assignment. The most interesting part of the story is how perfect society is set uo and how it follows this young boy and a man discovering different things. What is unusual about this story is how the man is teaching Jonas his job assignment, has powers that he is able to give to give to this boy. The relationship between the Giver and Jonas is very interesting as the story follows each of them through the teaching of the job assignment. The first six chapters of the story were pretty slow and it was hard to keep my attention on the story. When Jonas finally recieved his job assignment the story went at a fairly fast pace and it got to the point where you dont want to put the book down. I would recommend the book for sixth through eigth grade because it tells the story of a different kind of world that we currently live in. Some of the book is hard to comprehend so I do not recommend it for younger kids."
"""The Giver"" is a book about a boy, Jonas, who lives in a perfect world. As he grows older, he is given the most honorable job in his community. The job teaches him about the past,when there were feelings,  color, and emotions. As he learns more and gains more emotions from the old  man,""the Giver,"" he tries to teach his friends about the past,  but they don't understand him, and what he is talking about. Soon, he  becomes fond of a little boy, Gabriel, and passes the information of the  past to him. Jonas soon can not put up with the community and leaves with  Gabriel. They journey to another place.  This bok has no ending. If you  like sci-fi books then this is the book for you. This book will spark your  interest and you will never want to put it down. There is much suspense  near the end of the book. The begining of the book might be boring but once  you make it to the ninth chapter it becomes more interesting and begins to  get intense near the end. I recommend this to people ten years old and up.  Just give it a try. Happy reading."
"This book was very interesting and mysterious.  It was almost like you were in a different world.  The people couldn't see color.  They didn't know about many of the things we have, for example weather.  They also thought animals were imaginary.  It was amazing how much was taken away from them.  Even their emotions were taken away from them.  They kept trying to make a more civilized society.  Though they seemed to get more cruel.For example, they didn't even care when they killed a twin of a baby just because they had a twin.  They were very mysterious about all the deaths and the memories that the main character Jonas is suppose to receice.  Though he thinks it is unfair to the people that they can't have the memories and feel the beautiful feeling like love.  Though along with these beautiful and invigorating memories he has to recieve terrible ones of war.  Though sometimes there is a price to pay for true happiness to be discovered.  Overall I think this book was mysterious and also a bit sadning at parts like when the people were lost."
"I rated this book the way I did, a 6, because it wasn't quite averge, and wasn't below it. However, it was not a book I would care to read again, as it is about, basicly, the oppression of a community of people. It starts out with everyone supposedly being happy, and living in a perfect place, where there is no war, poverty, or starvation. However, Jonas looks past that and sees a community deprived of culture and freedom. But Jonas is chosen as the new Giver, in which he will recieve memories. Some sad and horrifying, others peaceful and serene. But in the middle of his training, the Giver and Jonas take a day off to see what Jonas's father does at work. He is outraged that his father murders people each day as his job! Eventually, he goes and takes a child who is to be slaughtered because of his bad habits. Jonas takes him, and some supplies, and they leave the community. They are almost caught, but they managed to escape. The ending is beautiful and heartwarming, but not enough to throw off the other feelings of monotany, oppression, and lack of freedom"
"Jonas lives in the ""perfect"" world. A world where the needs of the whole outweigh the needs of the few. A world where there is no reason to go to war. A world where everyone in the community has a job, a spouse, and children assigned to them. A world where ""sameness"" is achieved, and no one is different. When Jonas is assigned to become the new ""Reciever of Memories"", however, Jonas soon realizes that this ""perfection"" comes at a steep price.Lois Lowry's ""The Giver"" is a truly masterful piece of Young Adult literature. It captures the readers imagination while making some very deep insight about what it means to be human. Lowry skillfully crafts her language in a way that cultivates a readers emotions. As the reader journeys into Jonas's world, they identify very quickly with this very special young man.This Newberry Award winner is suitable for most children twelve and up. Because of some of its sexual and violent content, the book has been banned is some districts. It is, however, very well done and could be used in most schools."
"I read this book back in seventh grade and was decidedly against the plot of the story. As a beginner in the realm of more advanced literacy, I was very unhappy with the undefined ending and did not fully appreciate the depth of the text. Rereading the novel as a senior in high school, I find myself actually drawn into the novel and find myself relating to and rooting for Jonas as he makes a choice for what he thinks is right. While the story is originally meant for children, it is one of those rare stories that change meaning as the reader grows older. When I was twelve I saw the work as complete fiction and not relevant to my life at all, but now I understand how the search for ""utopia"" in the novel is a reflection of our modern world and my understanding of The Giver's literary predecessors brings the message of the novel to a new level of importance. This book is truly one that can effect readers of all ages as a critical look at the state of the world's social and political landscapes and the unceasing question of what we will give up for our safety."
"The book 'The Giver' was a book that could tech you lessons. It was a type of book that you had to pay attention to so that you could understand the meaning and the lessons that we going on throughout the whole book. I thought that it was intesting at some parts because you had to really go back and think about what you were reading. What i really thought was intesting and yet neat at the same time was that Jonas could interperate these memories that the Giver had, and also being able to say the word before The Giver told him what it was.(p.85)Like i was saying the book really makes you want to think about all these questions that run through your mind...like "" Is this possibly what the future really holds,"" or "" If it is the future then how will it start and when will it start."" Just different questions ran through my mind about some of the things. This book overall was a pretty good book! I think that it could have a different ending to it, but if that is the way that Lois Lowry wants to end it then i guess she can.  7.3 MB"
"The book The Giver was wonderfully written  by a very talented writer, Lois Lowery. On a scale one to five with one as the lowest and five as the highest, I would give this particular novel a four. I would give it a four  because it didn't have enough action. I'm the type of person who loves  action.  One thing that made the book good was the allusions dealing  with character's and objects in the book.For instance, Asher. He is a happy  character because Asher means happiness. He always wanted to play or joke  around. Also, Jonas, which means a symbol of peace. He always wanted  everything to be fair and go smoothly.  Another thing was that the  people in their community didn't have to worry about anything because  eveything was the same. No one had anything different.What one person got  everybody got the same.  To make this short and sweet the novel The  Giver didn't have any racism or jealousy. They all had a life picked out  for them. They didn't have to worry about anything. Sometimes I wish the  ""real world"", our world could be like that."
"My name is Erin Michell. I am a seventh-grade student at Cadillac Middle School. I am writing to you about a book I read of yours , The Giver.  This book to me was very interesting. Usually when I read a book it gets boring and I put it down and never read it again. When I started reading The Giver, I thought it was going to be boring, but as I got further into the story it started getting really interesting. I am also writing to you because I have a suggestion . I really think you should write another book about what happens to Jonas.Do they ever find him and Gabe? How do they end up in life?  If you could do this I would be really happy, because I really want to know what happens to Jonas and Gabe. I was also wondering if you could write to me at my home address , which is at the top or e-mail me at the Cadillac Middle School, and tell me if you are going to write another book. Thank you for your time. I hope you take this in to consideration.  Sincerely,  Erin Michell"
I love this book because it was very exciting. I loved the character the giver because he was very smart and was always giving a lot of cool memories
"This is the story of a nameless, futuristic society where everyone's needs are provided for, there is no unhappiness, and no knowledge of life outside, or before, the present.  A young boy is chosen to be the only one to receive the world's memories, and his life is changed forever.I love this book; it was absolutely mesmerizing.  I just read it as an adult, many decades past the target audience, and I'm glad I read it now, because I realize what the citizens of that society gave up in order to live so happily.  Everyone receives the same food, clothing, and housing, but without choice.  They have no concept of hate or fear, but neither do they know love or desire.  This sanitized Big Brother-world is created slowly, gently, and subtly until it becomes quite horrible.  The last 30 pages had my heart pounding and were truly terrifying.  Lowry is an excellent writer.This is an quick and easy read and the pictures in the illustrated edition add to the mood of contentment contrasted with emptiness.  Heartily recommended for fans of dystopian novels."
"Imagine living in a Utopean Society that is rotten at the core. For Jonas, a 12-year-old boy, just that happens. His exists in a community with the strongest sense of conformity. There philosophy is in the idea of sameness. They believe in this so strongly that they have removed memory, emotion, pain, and even color from their society. Jonas is chosen to become the Receiver of Memories. Everyone is so proud and confident in him, but Jonas will soon realize the corrupted community that is being controlled by. Jonas learns about emotion and freedom through an old man known as The Giver. He transfers his memories to Jonas, allowing him to experience love, pain, and joy first hand.This book is a great and easy read for the science fiction fan inside of us all. If you like the myth or folklore, it will be especially exciting. Every turn of the page hold a new twist that will leave you guessing for more. Although, if your a big fan of solid endings, don't be upset if this book leaves you with unanswered questions. I give this book a very solid 4 out of 5."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is an interesting novel, I read it with my class in 11th grade, but I think I would have read it even if we hadn't done this in class. I like science-fiction stories, so I could compare it to ""1984"" and ""Brave New World"" while reading. First of all I have to say that in fact it IS a novel for young adults, its quite easy written and I think easy to follow the story. I liked especially the great imagination of the author, who created a whole new world which is really frightening sometimes. However I detested the open ending, in which the reader is left with a lack of information. Some fantasy-elements, like memory-transmitting, are disturbing the sf-atmosphere, like I want it to be. In contrast to ""BNW"" and ""1984"" I can hardly imagine any solution or advise for our future which the author might have been thinking of while writing this novel.All in all it is a good experience to read but if one is one of this hardcore-science-fiction readers (like me) one is dissapointed. My suggestion: read it, if your less than 17 years old!"
"I just finished reading The Giver.  It is a phenomenal book about a young boy who lives in a community of rules and laws.  The young boy, Jonas, got the most important job of all--the Receiver.  The Receiver is the only person who knows what is going on in the community.  Jonas did not mind his job even though he had to do the same thing every day until they chose a new Receiver and that would be decades. He was angry that they lied to him, and he ran away to save Gabriel.  I think this book is good because it shows that it is a great thing to have choices.  Jonas did not have the freedom we have to live how we want. He had to follow all the rules of the community.  Also, his parents weren't able to help him either because they had to follow the rules too.  I think Jonas should have gone through with his job because it is only fair to the others who do their assigned jobs.  Lois Lowry is a really good writer.  She can really make the story come alive in your mind. She taught us how lucky we are to have freedom.7.3sjk"
"""The Giver"" is a profound read that has captured the hearts of many since its first release in 1993. Unfortunately for ""The Giver"" it has also been one of the most controversial and banned books throughout the years. ""The Giver"" has been banned by many schools and other institutions because of some of its themes such as euthanasia, infanticide, suicide, and also some of the violent and sexual passages that many thought were inappropriate for young minds. I disagree with the banning of this book because it is one of the more inspiring intellectual reads out there. I believe that many, young people especially, could learn and benefit from the themes that are taught in this book.Lois Lowry uses the premise of a utopian society to introduce to its readers the lifestyle and cultural differences that could be faced, while still having a subtle undercurrent of deception. This Let the reader know that something was seriously wrong in this seemingly wonderful lifestyle. I really loved learning about this secretive world and discovering along with Jonas that not everything is as it seems and that some rules were meant to be broken. ""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry is a though provoking and delightful read for readers of all ages and personalities."
"I am a sixth grader (...). when we read the book ""The Giver"" as anovel study in class, I began to get into it. Everyday I would look foward to reading it andto find out what happens next. This book is suspenseful and surprising at every chapter.There are twists and turns waiting around every bend, the book is a great because it'sdetailed and very well thought over, it's also very emotinal, there are no times when youfeel ""normal"" you're either about to cry or you're jumping for joy. When you read about the main charecter, Jonas, you feel as if you where right there with him, being embarresed, being afraid and even feeling his pain as he watches a ""release"". The book somehow, teaches you not to always take things the way that they are and to try to change it, I think it tought me not to be afraid of being different. When Jonas begins to see colors it makes a different world for him, a more beautiful world. Then Jonas learns about the true feeling of love which is a wonderful feeling, which we sometimes take for granted, when Jonas gets feelings there not all happy, some are cruel and evil, such as hate. Jonas feels anger and love at the sametime. (...) So, please you owe it to yourself to give this book a< chance."
One of the most powerful books I have ever read.  I strongly suggest reading they authors speech at the end.  This is the book Divergent tried to be.  Wonderful in every way!
Have read all of Lois Lawry's books and everyone provides a good example of morals for teenagers as well as older individuals.  Would recommend her books to any and everyone.
"this is a great, thought provoking book. i read it for English class and finished it in 3 days. yes the ending is a cliffhanger but i dont mind that. all in all a great book."
"The GiverThe Giver is a book that is extremely captivating and intriguing. It will blow us as teachers with adult minds away as well as children's minds, taking them out of reality and forcing them to imagine the world in a different way. This way though, is not a happy visualization. It is a world with no color, love or joy. The one fine experience that this book offers it the revelation of us as a people to be grateful for the things in life we do have. The story follows a boy names Jonas who is chosen as the Receiver. As the receiver, he is imparted with memories from before the world was void of things we know as life and vibrancy. These memories are given to him from an old man named the Giver, who wants Jonas to not only see, but know the world through a fulfilling journey. As a reader you will be captivated by this story as it keeps you constantly on the edge of your seat as you wonder if Jonas will make it to the land of the living. The Giver would be a great tool to read before a writing lesson on science fiction. This text would most appropriately be used in a upper primary grade such as fourth or fifth grade. So next time you step outside, rejoice in the clouds, the blue sky and the birds singing outside."
"The Giver is a great book about a twelve-year-old boy named Jonas.  In Jonas's community receiving the assignment of The Receiver honored him.  In this society there is no pain, color, not even real feelings.  These people in Jonas's community in a sense were brainwashed.  From the beginning of  their lives they were trained to speak common phases such as ""I apologize  for my inconvenience,"" and ""I accept your apology.""  In the community, it  is common practice to share each other's feelings of the day at dinner with  family units.  However, these people can not explain their feelings  properly.  Once, during dinner Lilly, Jonas's sister, told how she met with  kids from neighboring community and became angry at how they broke the  rules.  However, she did not realize that they didn't know or didn't have  the same rules.  I believe the book is mainly about humanity.  I find it  very hard that a utopian society could ever exist.  I believe that human  beings need emotions such as fear, danger, love, and even hate.  Without  these emotions people would never be human; they would simply be mindless  robots willing to obey.  In reading this book I have learned that having  imperfections is only part of being a human being."
"The Giver is certainly an intriguing book that would most certainly challenge the perception and knowledge of any young adult who reads it. Through a young man named Jonas' journey into self-discovery and such profound incidents as seeing colors for the first time and feeling the horrid sting of true fear and pain in a world, which is so controlled and monitored that the people around him will never understand unless he finds the strength to share it with them. Showing us that a world of ignorance and perfection is by no means what it should be and forcing readers into considering their own reality and how the world around you must always be questioned, even presenting us with parallels into our current state of the world. Hopefully showing some young readers what it means to analyze the society around them and the barriers that societies build up, which sometimes must be broken.However, this is a mature book, even though it is a middle school reading level it deals with complicated situations and emotions, which some young readers may find upsetting and confusing. This doesn't mean it isn't a great book, but best for a mature young adult.  A great discussion tool and definitely a book some kids will never forget."
"Jonas lives in a perfect world. Everything in the world has been carefully planned and designed and carried out to make the world perfect. Each family has exactly one boy and one girl. All children get a bicycle at nine, no sooner, no later. At dinner, each family member brings up the feelings of the day; at breakfast, each family member relates his dreams. All families. Every day.Twelve is the big year, the year each child will be assigned his job, the perfect job just for him. Jonas is eager, though perhaps a little anxious, to turn twelve and learn what his role in his society is to be.He is shocked to learn that he is to become the Receiver of Memory, the one person in the society who holds all the memories, both good and bad, happy and sad, of the past in his head. He is given special privileges: he can ask any questions he wishes of anyone and he can lie. He studies with an old man, the former Receiver of Memory, a man who asks Jonas to now call the Giver.And the Giver does given memories to Jonas: color, snow, the sky, families, pain, and - most powerfully - love.As Jonas learns the black truths behind the perfect world he lives in, he and the Giver realize it is up to them to change this perfect world."
"I saw a preview of the movie and thought it looked good. I figured I would read the book first. Unfortunately, I was kind of bored and when it finally picked up, it ended..."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry takes place in a ""perfect world."" For kids of every age, something happens to them.  At age 9, they can ride a bike.  At age 10, their hair gets cut.  There is a naming ceremony for newborn children.  Every person has a role in this town.  There is a house for the old, and if they get too old or are not the kind of person that should live in this town, they are sent away.  This goes along with babies, too.  This year, someone will be selected from the 12 year olds to work with ""The Giver"" who gives him facts and images from the past.  But who will it be and what will he/she do with it, and how will he/she react?  This book is a great novel.  The story flowed easily and at the end of the story, you are left in suspense to what happens next.  The only thing that I didn't like was that the story was fiction, this kind of community would not exist ever, or maybe it would sometime in the future.  I recommend this book for anyone who likes suspense, because this book will have you hooked on it until you finish it."
"I've been hearing amazing things about The Giver for awhile now, but I had never had the chance to read it. That all changed this year at BEA when I had the opportunity to get myself a copy and also meet the talented author. Now I am kicking myself for not picking this book up sooner. The Giver is hard to describe because it is so weird to try and imagine the world that Lowry has created. It is a world of simplicity and that is safe. The leaders have taken away feelings (warmth, cold), colours and worst of all wisdom (books and memories).I loved Jonas! He was a little rebel, always so full of questions, despite not being allowed to ask or not getting an answer. He could tell the difference between what was done to their people for the better but also he thought things should be done differently to benefit everyone.Although I enjoyed this book I hated the ending. I need more! I have so many questions that I want to be answered. I am so glad that there are more books in this series, I will absolutely be picking them all up and reading them."
"I remember this book very well from when I read it as a child. I advise parents looking for a book for their child to get this one if they are looking for an intellectual, thought-provoking, and captivating story. I recommend that a parent read the book first in order to be able to help your child understand it when they come to you with questions. The book may seem like a pleasant fiction book, but it has much deeper meaning about society. The book is set in a Utopian society (you may need to explain this to your child) where people live orderly and monotonous lives, until one boy is chosen for a special career of being the keeper of memories that existed before the society was created and he learns all that he was missing in life by being ""perfect"". The best reading age would probably be 10-15, depending on your child and your assessment of their ability to understand the subject matter. Parents, this is a great opportunity to get your child thinking, but make sure that they understand what they are reading and the message is not wasted!"
"Pulling you right in looking for answers, the author of The Giver, Lois Lowry, knows just how to grab attention.Jonas, the main character, is a 12 year old boy who represents the rebellious youth in our communities. He provokes change throughout the story and challenges the way of life.""Jonas, Jonas, Jonas."" The chant comes alive as we learn that he will be the next Receiver of Memory. This appointment requires him to enter the room of the Giver. Here is where the adventure commences.Training to take over for the Giver, Jonas learns what everyone has forgotten. Truths are revealed, memories set free, and morals put to the test. Should Jonas leave life as it is or make the decision to change it for everyone?Lowry closes with much to interpret. Stated as her reason for this, "" People bring to it their own complicated beliefs . . . So, I don't want to put my own feelings into it, my own beliefs, and ruin that for people who create their own endings in their minds."""
"I have pondered about this book along time and I have come up with my opinion of the ending.  I think he went in a circle.  When he left the community all his memories stayed in the community and he came back to his old memories.  The sled was where it was in his dream, It was December (ceremony time, but because of his memories ceremonies are gone) which is winter-snow, It had the lights and tree as in his dream of ""love"".  I also think he may have died.( Some think your happiest memory comes to you when you are about to die and that was Jonas's happiest memory.) There is a paragraph that says ""He got off and let it (his bike) drop sideways into the snow. For a moment he thought how easy it would be to drop beside it himself, to let himself and Gabriel slide into the softness of the snow, the darkness of night, the warm comfort of sleep"" which I think (I'm only 13 gimme a break if it sounds stupid) refers to death, that he wanted to die and when he fell to his knees he had done so and dreamed his happiest memory from there on."
"I am in love with this book! I am sure that almost everyone has already read it, but I just now got around to it. It is such an awesome story that says so much without being too preachy.The Giver is a well-written, cautionary tale about a place where rules and sameness are valued above really living. When Jonas comes to realize that life should be full of colors, wonders and love, how can he continue to live in a place where life is always regulated and individuals have no real value?Lois Lowry does an exceptional job in painting the black and white existence lived by Jonas, his family and friends, everyone. Jonas finally begins to realize that there is a world filled with color, individuality and beauty. He develops emotions and understands that each life is meant to be valued. He learns what it feels like to love.The Giver is a reminder that a life of value, a life well-lived, is one filled with the good, the bad, and everything in between. Love means caring for someone else more than you care about yourself."
"Jonas has the perfect life.  There is no war, no pain, no unemployment - everyone is assigned a job in the community.  Everything is taken care of.  When Jonas turns twelve, he is assigned to the lonely but highly honored job of Receiver of Memory.  In his new life he discovers that his Utopian lifestyle has not been around forever, that before his day there was more than this.  There was war, there was pain, poverty, joy, colors, happiness; much more feeling than anyone in his lifestyle has ever experienced.  The Giver, who is giving Jonas all the memories of the past, is training him so that the community can call upon Jonas when they need wisdom.  Jonas later becomes confused, because he is to bear the burden of the past while the mindless drones in the community continue their `perfect' lives.  He wonders if one person is to bear this burden while the others continue not knowing anything, or if everyone should know the truth of the past.  He discusses his feelings with The Giver, and they hatch a plan.  Want to find out more? Read the book!"
"A very thought provoking book for any age.  I read this book in 1 day.  It was a very easy read & flowed smoothly.  It is not action pack like ""Maze Runner"" (recently finished) but I was held captive & (obviously) could not put it down.I actually love the way she bypassed all the detail (what they ate?; where was the sun?) and focus on the points of the book: Giving & Receiving Love.  The point of the book doesn't get lost in details or sidebar mini plot.  I also love the ending.  The reader is given a choice  (another theme of the book) as to what actually happens at the end.  I know that I have read a good book when I think about it for days after. ***POSSIBLE SPOILER ALERT***Did he find Elsewhere or share the ""happiest memory"" w/ Gabe as they were releasing?  I lean toward the latter, after all, why would a red sled just be sitting at the top of a mountain waiting to be ridden to a Norman Rockwell town below just like the one in a distance memory.  At least he got to choose in a no win situation"
"Short but thought-provoking.  I picked it up because I've seen this title every time I read a review on an utopia/dystopia young adult book and was curious. I've read various books with very similar ideas (Delirium and Matched) of a society where everything has been decided for them to avoid suffering, wrong-doing and chaos; but is that a life worth living? No uncertainty but also no control. No suffering but also no passion. No choices, no freedom.Jonas was selected to be The Receiver of Memories of everybody that has ever existed so that people don't have to carry their burden.  Only he will learn from these experiences and will have the wisdom to advice society on unprecedented matters.""The worst part of holding the memories is not the pain. It's the loneliness of it. Memories are meant to be shared.""I had this interesting thought that this is how I feel about reading books. I experience someone else's memories or stories and it makes me wiser although they are situations I've never been through."
"No matter what your liberal or conservative views of governmental control may be, this story gives you something to think about while entertaining."
The book is sad excusing it was the book I would never have thought it was from the cover so you should read it then you will see how great it was.
"Great book that opens our minds to new ideas and thoughts about how our world could be without conflict, pain or suffering. (Deep-Thinking Book!!!)"
"Wow, I really enjoyed this book. An easy, quick read that keeps you hooked. An interesting look at our future society that looks to create a perfect Utopia. It builds and unfolds layer upon layer about how children are raised and how adults and families (Family Units) are formed.I really enjoyed it... five stars, until, the ending..... If you don't like ambiguous, open endings, then you won't like the end of this book.SPOILERS FROM HERE TO THE END OF MY REVIEWI will agree with a few reviews that said the last 15% of the book felt rushed. Once Jonas sees the video of the Release of the one twin, he sudden tells The Giver that he can't believe that and then suddenly The Giver, who has yet to show any signs of betraying the Community, suddenly helps form an intricate plan with Jonas to escape. Jonas then, in the next chapter, has to scrap the plan and leave with Gabriel and the book ends.I don't mind open-ended endings, but this certainly felt like it was resolved much too quickly and in a hurry. The only reason for it losing one-star."
"The Giver by Lois LowryI understand the theme for The Giver could be too much knowledge could be bad.  In The Giver, Jonass world is beautiful.  Nobody is hungry, sad, or missing. There is no war, pain, or hurt. Each family has a mother, a father, a girl, and a boy.  By the age twelve you are an adult. You are given jobs and then you are set free. But for Jonas, this is different. In each community there is a receiver -somebody who inherits the memories from the receiver before them. The receiver is wise, intelligent, and honored. Now its Jonass turn to be the giver and he is shocked by the memories. First, he begins to see color; this is a shock to Jonas considering he has never seen anything like it before. Next, he receives the memory of war. Emotionally this affects Jonas.  He doesnt realize how unfair lifestyle used to be.  He also doesnt understand why life is unfair now.  People are killed if they arent like everybody else. When Jonas is given knowledge he doesnt understand, it upsets him so much that he runs away."
"I lead a Dystopian Summer Book Club discussion group for gifted and high-ability 4th graders with this book. It was a fantastic book choice to discuss with them. They started out taking all of the text at face value, but as we discussed and progressed through the book, they became much more conscious of who was saying what (and whether to believe them!) and much wiser to the hints that the author was lacing throughout the text about what might really be going on. We had great discussions about how some of the issues brought up in the book (for example, of safety vs privacy) are issues in the real world, too. I highly recommend this book for adults or even savvy readers as young as my second grader, if you read it and discuss it together. There is so much to talk about that some of the touchy issues go right over the heads of the younger kids (like the ""Stirrings"" of puberty), so we didn't discuss that part, but I told the kids to read the book again and again as they get older and promised them that they'd see more in it each time."
"I remember reading The Giver in 6th grade and it made a permanent mark on my heart. I loved it and read it over and over again during adolescence. I recently picked it up a again many years later (at age 28) and was once again blown away. I just found out by reading some reviews that this is a controversial book containing subject matter too dark for 12 year olds. I disagree, but it should discussed. The themes contained in this book of the value of human life, family, suffering and joy, free will, etc...are too important to wait. Just recently I found out that some young people I know have experienced terrible acts against them in childhood. Even those spared abuse are witness to so many terrible things whether it be hearing about the continual mass shootings of innocent people to the teacher's degrading treatment of the ""ADHD"" kid in the class. Children experience and carry so much more than we know. Books like this can help them to process and learn from the novel's protagonist, Jonah, who displayed such compassion and courage."
"The Giver By Lois Lowry is a truly remarkable book!  It is about a boy named Jonas who lives in a community where the rest of your life (your job) is decided for you.  Jonas is just reaching that point of the Ceremony Of Twelve and he is very nervous.  His friend Asher hopes for a job that has something to do with taking care of kids, and Fiona, another friend of Jonas's hopes to take care of the elderly.  Jonas doesn't really hope for anything, just something that will suit him.  When he is chosen to be the new receiver of memory, he is shocked! So is the rest of the community!  From now on, he will be studying with The Giver, and will find out the real meaning of life. While I was reading the book, I was kind of wondering what was going on.  At the end/ middle of the book though it was all clear.  I thought that the book was wonderful and very original.  You will never read anything like it!  The Giver  is definitely on my top 5 list of books to recommend and I would hope that everybody who reads it will enjoy it just as much as me!"
"I should start by saying that I did not read this book by choice;  it was a school assignment.  I was told to expect something as powerful as 1984,  but I  did not find this book to be anything close to that level. I cannot give a proper review of it without spoilers,  so I don't  want to go too  in-depth with plot and  summary. Part  of my extensive project involved getting others to read it.  I enlisted the help of twenty others.  No one in this group liked it.  However,  it did inspire some very  thought-provoking questions and I was able to build a very nice project. It is a children's book.  I might be tempted to think that was the reason it was unpopular,  but my project involved examining the reaction of different demographics to the book,  so children were involved.  It is not a good read, according to my experience and my research.  It does make you think.  So,  when you are considering buying it,  think of your reasons for reading. Escapism?  Find something else.  School paper?  This is the book for you."
"This is an extremely well written and engaging story. The world of the Giver is a chilling place in which the author explores the danger of trying to sanitize human life to avoid risk and hurt. The book is pretty heavy duty for kids, bringing up very serious questions such as the ethics of euthanasia, the meaning of love and happiness. As an adult, I read this book in 2-3 days and really enjoyed it.The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that I felt the ending was very rushed, incomplete and inconsistent with the style of the book. The only place in the book where events are told out of order is near the end and it was a jarring change of style. And then we are left hanging in an unpleasant way. I don't mind unresolved threads especially for a first book in a series but the ending of this book seemed more rushed and incomplete than I would have expected.I am reading book 2 now and it's a whole different setting and characters I am eager to see if things are eventually resolved, if we ever learn more about the outcome of book 1."
Small and very easy to read... The ending was a little sudden for me. It left me with many unanswered questions but I think it was supposed to ;-)
"Very creative and entertaining book.  A little bit hard to understand at some points, but a very creative idea.  Makes me want to read the sequel."
"I really liked reading The Giver by Louis Lowry. I think that students ten years old and up would enjoy this book also. This book revolves around a boy named Jonas and the perfect world that he lives in. In this Utopia, everyone is the same. The people who live here cannot see color or feel emotions. After the age of twelve, nothing changes and you are assigned a job for the rest of your life.This book tells the story of the position of Giver which Jonas is being trained for.  Even though I liked reading this book, I cannot imagine living in a perfect world. I like the fact that there are people with different thoughts and feelings.I like meeting people and hearing what they have to say. In a Utopia nothing ever changes. Even when something bad happens in our world, you can learn from it. With Jonas, the people never learn or grow, they are assigned a life. The author was able to create a world that was interesting to read about and maybe someday in the future there might be some form of living that way, it does make you think."
"The Giver is a remarkable story which tells what life might be like if our world was perfect, although there are some flaws in this world. The story follows the life of a singled-out individual named Jonas. Jonas was selected to be the next Receiver of Memroy for his community. His job is to contain all of the memories of the past. The memories will include everything from a peaceful picnic, to a hateful war. After his selection, Jonas begins to notice the flaws in his world and decides that there needs to be change. The book includes happiness, sorrow and loneliness as Jonas is beginning to feel separated from the rest of his community.  I've heard that this novel has been banned from some states in the U.S. and personally, I think that is absurd. Most young adults can deal with another person having affectionate feelings for someone and the needle-in-the-head issue is not as big as it seems. I give this book 5 stars, making it my personal favourite novel.  Braydon Mercer"
"The Giver is a Science Fiction book written by Lois Lowry. It is set in a future society where you may not control any thing in your community; including your life. This society has no almost no pain and no emotions.When al the ""11's"" turn to ""12's"", they get their life assignment. They range from many things. The main character Jonas, 12, is given the job title receiver. Jonas receives memories from a man called The Giver. The Giver stores old memories from past times. He holds memories of pain, anger, and love. He holds these memories in case the Elders of the community need help in making decisions that they don't know how to handle.As Jonas receives these memories, he feels more and more pain. He sees how much his community has changed into a more diabolic place to live. He sees what all the people in his community have done to change the lives of people and how the world works.If you love science fiction or love Lois Lowry then you should love this book. The Giver will keep you turning pages until the very end."
"I read a book called The Giver this summer! I think personally that it is an adventurous yet strange and if you like to read I would recommend you reading this book.  The Giver is about a boy named Jonas who became the  receiver of memory, his community, and the people in it. Jonas meets The  Giver and learns some amazing things that he never knew. He learned that  there is a such thing as color and everything is not the same color. In the  book, at the ceremony he became the new receiver of memory. Every time they  turned a year older up until they were twelve they had to go to a ceremony  to receive something new. For instance, Lily received her bicycle at a  ceremony. He has a sister Lily, and she became a nine at the ceremony. She  was so happy! Jonas's dad works at the Nurturing Center.  All of the  members in the community had to use appropriate languaage all the time. It  is good use correct language.  In conclusion, the book is great and I  think you should read it sometime. Well thats all I have to say for now,  Bye-Bye!"
"Can you remember a time in your life when you parents or teacher said to you ""You're special, because there is no one else like you in the whole world""?Lois Lowry emphasizes this question in her novel about conformity and a completely controlled society called the Giver.  On a scale of 1-5, I rate this book a 4, because of its immortal lessons beneath the cover.  This book presents extremeties to which there is no hurt or pain, but also no love or true happiness.Jonas, the main character, is a boy who has entered his time to be ""chosen"" for his assigned job in his completely controlled community.  He is chosen as ""The Receiver"", which is the most honored job in the community.  ""The Receiver"" holds all memories to which the society over the years has chosen to do away with- all the memories which make life unique, including color, and most feelings and emotions.  Throughout the book we see Jonas emerge and realize these emotions are essential to a fulfilled life, even if the good comes with the bad."
"Jonas lives in a strange town. One where this is about a rule for anything you do. (examples: you can't ride a bike until you're a 9. You can't be rude, or ask a question that might fall under rudeness.) In this town you  aren't 9 yrs old, you're a 9. That's how it is with every age. Every year a  ceremony is held for each age. Every year you may get something that  changes you a little. But the ceremony of Twelves is the most important of  them all. It is when the council tells each twelve what he is to do for his  occupation. The council watches every child until the age of twelve to see  what job they think fits each individual best. When Jonas is chosen as the  town's new giver, he is frightened. What if he messes up like another young  person did several years ago. This job is told to come with lots of pain.  But, Jonas sees none when he comes to his first meetings. Then he learns of  pain he has never known of, thought of, or could have ever possibly  imagined. It is a struggle for Jonas. One he could have never thought up."
"The Giver is a good piece of literature because it's full of adventure and action.  It also has lots of description and it shares an important message.  This book is full of adventure and action because in this story, Jonas runs away from home and it keeps you wondering if something is going to happen to him.  Also, this book has lots of description.  The author describes the scenes so well that I could easily ""draw a picture"" in my head of what she (the author) is describing.  Last, it shares an important message because it tells you that diversity, independence, and freedom is what makes life interesting and exciting.  It's also makes life worth living because without freedom, diversity, and independence, life is boring and it's not worth living.  The Giver makes you think, ""What if there wasn't any diversity, freedom, or independence, how would life be?""  So, The Giver is good literature because it's full of adventure and action, it has lots of description, and it shares an important message to everyone who reads this book."
"After reading The Giver, I was amazed at how the setting, thoughts, and characters all interacted to spin the story that you can't put down. It appears to be a perfect future with no hunger, no war, no pain, and the awareness that all was well. Based on things in everyday life, The Giver focuses on the life of Jonas, a boy that lives in an environment of peace, rules, structure, equality, and seeming perfection. But when given the title as The Receiver of Memory, Jonas begins to see his family, their life, and their world differently. Jonas leads the reader on a journey of self-discovery that forces you to think of how you, your life, and your beliefs are shaped. It is this journey that leads Jonas to question everything and find that all of life is not as we grow up believing. This book was great; it never stopped raising questions--some answered, some not. By seeing the world through Jonas's eyes, you can not help but see your own life differently and know that some questions have no answers, but we must always keep asking."
"My book group chose this novel in part because of the reviews, and in part because it is going to be made into a movie.  Having recently read ""Divergent"", I've become curious about the topics covered in the Young Adult literature.  The images of the future as seen through this literature genre aren't looking very bright.""The Giver"" was an enjoyable read, painting a futuristic scene devoid of emotion in exchange for safety and sameness.  The concept of passing along the memories of the past is unique, and I'm sure has led to some great discussions over the years.The endingit's not so much as needing a specific ending that caused me to feel unsatisfied, but there just wasn't enough information for us to even feel confident with any chosen ending.  I've read that the author didn't want to write the ending so people could picture it in their own way, but I don't feel happy with it.  I am looking forward to seeing the movie to see how the ending is treated there.  I hope it's not as vague."
"The Giver, by Lois Lowry, is a fascinating story of a young man named Jonas who lives in an isolated community that has chosen to live meticulous societal laws that hinder freedom of choice and give the image of being a perfect place. Every member of the community is assigned a role and when Jonas reaches the age of twelve, he is personally taught by The Giver, who holds the secrets and memories of life before the community changed, or in essence, the truth.The book really took me into a mindset that I didn't expect. I imagined the difficulties I would have by experiencing things that none of my friends or family members could relate to. Imagining myself trying to explain what love feels like to someone who has never experienced it in any way, shape, or form was almost painful. I could almost feel the loneliness of having a vision that is beyond that of any of my associates or loved ones, yet not being able to express to them the real significance of our surroundings.Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed the psychological roller-coaster ride that the book took me on. I had to ask myself many times how I would respond to the situations that Jonas was in if it were me. Lowry wrote in simple context yet portrayed her message very well through examples and the memories Jonas receives."
The Giver is a fascinating book and something which all children/young adults should read.  The story is one which warns against blind conformity and group thought.  A wonderful read.
"The Giver is a book great.It has a very interesting and consistent plot. It caught my attention and made it fun to read.  It was about this boy named Jonas who lives in a perfect community. All of a sudden it's time to get there life time jobs. Jonas now gets his lifetime job which is the receiver, (The person in the community that holds all the memories even the good ones.) Jonas tries to change all of this when he figures out how few choices they have. Jonas finds out that they are going to release (kill) Gabriel. Jonas wasn't trying to let that happen and the only way  Jonas could change the memories to the community was to leave. That is exactly what he did and took Gabriel with him who is only 2 years old. Jonas font out what love really feels like. Also he figures out what looks like. Jonas almost starves and  freezes to death, but it doesn't happen.Some more of my opinion on this book. I think the people in his community are rude and unreasonable. There are things that  do for no good reason. Such as killing a twin baby because of they want everyone to have there own identity. They choose there spouse, kids, jobs.That is crazy,but that there community operates. Rules on everything and they just mess the people up.Thanks to Jonas and he who tried to change."
"I've read The Giver twice, once as a confused fifth grade student and recently as part of an online class assignment as a high school Junior. This book never fails to entertain my senses and keep me clutching on to its paperback until I finish the very last page. It's an amazingly artful weaving of words that keeps the attention of all its readers, young and old. It's intriguing to try to fathom a world in which there is no yesterday. This is a world where social classing is non existent. Each and every individual of this community has the same house, the same size family, the same hair style and clothing. If that is not challenging enough, imagine a life built on ignorance rather than past experience and knowledge. A life without memory, without pain, without feeling whatsoever. The story centers on Jonas, on the brink of turning twelve at the beginning of the novel, in a utopian society. Jonas is chosen to be the new Receiver of Memory for the colony. Jonas, and those Receivers before him, stores the collective memories of those things which their society has managed to forget over the time they've been apart from the rest of the world. Jonas's then can see his world as it really is. This is definitely a thought provoking tale and full of twists and turns. Highly recommended!"
"""I don't understand it yet,I don't know what it is. But sometimes I see something, and maybe its beyond!"" Thats how I felt at the end of the exiting and adventurous book the Giver by Lois Lowry. That quote was made by one of the main charachters Jonas. Jonas has light eyes and Dark hair. He has the gift of seeing beyond with one other person,The Giver. Some of the other characters are, Mother, Father, Lily, Asher, Chief Elder<and Gabriel! The setting of the Giver is in a place of sameness,no color and borindness,just picture the oppisite of our world and you got it!!  I thought the author,Lois Lowry did a great job with detail and discription.I like the suspense ans  sadness at the end of the book.The book has an exiting end and leaves you to decide the fate and destiny of Jonas and his friends and family! I was very impressed by the vocabulary of Lois Lowry.  One quote that shows that is the following one:  ""I'm apprehensive,thats what Iam!"",by Jonas!  The plot of the book is odd. First Jonas becomes the new Reciever. Then he wants to make his own decisions ect. because of his memories.Then they make a plan!! You have to read the book to figure out what happens. All and all this book is great and I recomend this book to anyone!!!!"
"I love science-fiction books.  This topic is one that I have never thought about... a perfect world.  Life in the community is so orderly and planned out.  It is too beyond belief to even begin to comprehend.  You can predict what will happen each day.  How incredibly boring!  In the beginning of the book, it seemed that there was nothing that could be better about this community.  Every one was caring, no one was hurt.  But after Jonas learns what ""release"" REALLY is, he realizes that adults do lie.  In fact, it is hard to distinguish a lie from the truth, unless you know first hand that the information is incorrect.  When I found out that ""release"" is just a nice term for killing (just as ""putting an animal to sleep"" is to killing the animal) I learned that this wasn't a perfect world.  It is a lieing and cheating world which puts on a crocodile smile to make everything seem as though it were perfect, when in fact, this community is far from it.  Everyone is in hiding without the memories, but now that Jonas can release them to the community, they won't have to hide anymore.  They can learn instead of following orders.I think that the end is very abrupt, though, and I would like to see a sequel, and find out what has happened to the community and Jonas and Gabriel."
"I've always been a big reader. One of my favorite things to do is read. I've never really liked reading books in class, though. We never get to read any really good books. But my class just finished reading ""The  Giver,"" and I actually liked it! It was a really great book.  Basically, it was about a perfectly organized community where people's  choices were made for them, from simple decisions like what to wear to  important choices like what career to choose. In the story the actions of a  boy who is chosen to receive memories of the past, where colors and choices  existed. The actions of this boy change everything for the Community. Part  of the reason I liked it was because I've always liked imagining a  community as perfect as the one in the story. It really makes you thankful  for all the things you were lucky enough to have that didn't exist in the  Community. It makes you realize that, hey, we're pretty lucky to have great  things like color and families and the privilege to make our own decisions.  Really, these are very important things. We just don't know how important,  because we experience them every day. ""The Giver"" tells us that,  and makes us wonder what life would be like in the Community. It opens up a  whole new door of possibilities."
"I am going to put in my two cents, even though there are already 682 reviews. I thought this book was brilliant.  I read about 10 pages before going to bed, and then I read the rest of the book the next day.  It was very powerful!  I am 32, and I read it, and it blew me away!  It isn't just  a young adult novel. Lowry creates a utopia, and then her viewpoint  character is the misfit, the one set apart within that utopia.  I won't sum  up what happens, because others have already done this, but if I were to  teach a Science Fiction class, and could choose only a few books for my  students to read, this is one of the ones that I would choose. It reminded  me of Robert Cormier's The Chocolate War, in some ways. I have read through  a few of the reviews, and they say it was a good book until the ending,  which they didn't like.  I thought the ending was the most powerful, poetic  part of the book.  The ending was perfect.  It was nebulous, and we aren't  sure what will happen, but Jonus has won, whatever he finds at the end of  the hill.  Everything doesn't have to have the hollywood, or New York  bestseller neat resolved ending.  And this is the end of the book - there  shouldn't be any kind of sequels, because that takes away power from  Lowry's ending. Pick up this book!"
hi i am 11yrs old and i read this in two days thats how interesting and awesome this book is i could totaly see a tv go on while reading this book. It is  the best book i ever read!
"I first read this book back when it was first published, and I'm happy to say that it's still a truly great book even now, when I'm quite a bit older. There's a surprisingly high amount of depth and meaning to the story, particularly given the age group it is written for, and I love it for that. My one real issue is the ending, which I knocked off a star for, because I hate it still. It's still a great reading option for younger and older readers alike though. Essentially, the book is an excellent middle-grade level journey into the world of utopian and dystopian fiction, opening the door to many great discussions about how the two relate to each other and all the related topics that go with that subject. To this day, I am in awe of how smoothly the two concepts interact with each other in this book, as everything that you first assume about the depicted society is twisted around and called into question. The main character, Jonas, is likable while not being perfect, and he pulls the reader smoothly into his life and his world, leading to a level of attachment and interest in his welfare that cannot be healthy, given where the book ends up. As I said, I recommend it for everyone, but especially if you have kids. Maybe you could read it together. You won't regret it."
"Put simply, this is a fantastic book. Following the character of Jonas, Lois Lowry tells the story of a world in which difference has been obliterated, rudeness is obliterated, and everything is controlled. However, beneath this Stepford-like perfection lies the truth--in order for this utopia to continue, lies must be told and atrocities must take place behind closed doors, in the dark and silence. At the start of the book the reader has only a vague (though persistent) feeling of creepiness, though as the story continues this escalates into full revulsion. As I was reading, I could not help but be reminded of Ayn Rand's book, ""Anthem"" (those who enjoyed the Giver might find that they enjoy this book as well, and for similar reasons). This book reminds us of the importance of pain and joy, and reminds us that even though life might sometimes hurt, the goods are worth fighting for. From a philosophical standpoint, this book is beyond fantastic in its implications and the issues it raises--a must read. Brilliant."
"Save the Child  In the book The Giver, by Lois Lowery, the main character named Jonas lives in a world that is controlled. Jonas has to take medicine each morning. He has friends named Asher and Fiona. Jonas, Asher, and Fiona are about to get life time jobs. Jonas gets the job called The Giver while Asher gets the job of Recreation Director, and Fiona gets the job of a Care Taker of the Old. Jonas's dad brings home a baby named Gabriel. Gabriel has a hard sleeping so Jonas gives him good relaxing memories . Jonas gets to see what released means. His dad said they were going to release Gabriel. Jonas ran off  with Gabriel to pass the boundary of memories. When they passed the boundary of memories, everyone got feelings again. My favorite part of The Giver is when Jonas gets worried that he was skipped when they were giving them their jobs. My recommendation for you on this book is that if you like loving, sad, and action books the magnificent book The Giver is the one for you. The genre is science fiction."
"This is an excellent Newbery Award winning novel. I thought the different levels of thinking involved in this book are wonderful. It was a quick read because I couldn't stand to put it down. This book could pose thoughts and make people thankful for the way that things are. Jonas is a normal kid whose life gets turned upside down when he learns the truths about the community that he has been living in. It has a little bit of the White Mountains book feel in that the world they live in is over simplified and the way that we live is looked at badly. It is so thought provoking and heart felt though that Jonas finally takes the ""newchild"", Gabe, and tries to leave and give the memories to the whole community to try to save it. That would be a huge undertaking. The idea that they are always watching them and how they reprimand them is so odd to think about. Also the idea of applying for a wife and children is very strange. Ms. Lowry is an excellent writer and wholly deserves the award for this book."
"The Giver is a terrific read for anyone, but it's perfect for middle school students because it is so thought provoking.  It is the story of a controlled society in which there are no choices or conflict.  When Jonas turns twelve, he must train with The Giver and prepare to receive all the memories of love, happiness, war and pain.  During his training, Jonas learns the hard truth about his community and its rules and knows he must act decisively to bring about change.The best part about this book is that every word counts.  Lois Lowry is great at describing her characters and their community.  She includes meaningful foreshadowing that leads the reader through a gradual understanding of what might initially seem like an acceptable way to live.  She accomplishes this by revealing just enough details and we realize the facts just as Jonas does.The Giver ends just as you want to learn more.  And thankfully, there is more to the story in Messenger, Gathering Blue and Lowry's newest, Son."
I love Lois Lowry.  This is such a good quick read that makes a very poignant statement about the dangers of an overly controlling government.
"We read this book in our summer school class this year. As a collective group we decided that the book was very extreme and stressful towards the end. During the reading of the book the community was too controlling and the lack of a true family (grandparents) was a turn-off. One student stated, ""Through out the 180 pages, there was no true meaning of who 'The Giver' was until the middle of the book. Then at the end, The Giver faded away with out significance."" Another student stated, ""It was unclear whether Jonas was alive or dead at the end."" For us, this fact ruined the book.What we did like was that the community members were able to share their feelings. The children were treated as adults at twelve. The way that the author describes the memories was descriptive. The most descriptive memory was ""when Jonas first experienced color."" The relationships between Jonas and the Giver and Jonas and Gabe are very similar. We enjoyed the fact that both Jonas and Gabriel could rely on someone else."
"The Giver is a very good book.  No, a realy good book.  I loved it.  It kept me wondering, I would try to guess what would happen next.  Things that kept on appering in my head were questions such as: what exacly does this mean? it might be a lie!  whas this right or wrong?  could it be better?  The Giver is a very exiting book that kept me on my toes.  The story is about a boy named Jonas who was chosen to hold all the memories of the past for his community.  His community is a town were everyone is the same.  However that doesn't mean that they just are all equal.  They had the same of everything, same school every thing in their lives were the same.  People got assigned jobs at 12 and were given every thing they needed.  There were strict rules such as 1 boy and 1 girl per family.  They didn't even have their own kids they had to apply for them and like ""UPS"" would deliver them to your house which was exacly like everyone elses. Anyway, I didn't like the ending.  It just sudenly ended. Jonas ran away!"
"The Giver, written by Lois Lowry, is not only a strange but an interesting novel. It is based on the theme on Utopia.  To Jonas world it is Utopia, but to us there are many flaws.  One is Release.  Why should a utopian world want to kill because two people look alike or they are handicapped?  Everything is planned out for everyone, which means no choices and no freedom.  When Jonas is selected to be the Receiver of Memory, the holder of the past, he realizes that the world he is living in is not perfect after all.  Even though the past held pain and sorrow, there is unforgettable love to even it out.  So Jonas decides to run away with Gabe for a better, more exciting life in Elsewhre.  On his way there, Jonas begins to see the beauty in life.  The life that we are living in now.  Lois Lowry is trying to convey an important message through this novel.  You dont need to be perfect to succeed.  In fact, being perfect is not a good thing.  This is a very well written and unique novel."
"'The Giver' by Lois Lowry is a great book. It's about a boy named Jonas, who has lived in sameness all his life, with his experience in a new life as a Receiver of Memory, will learn what was. He was selected with honor. The preasent Receiver of Memory is very wise, kind, & origanal. 'Somehow he is different,' as Jonas had put it. Jonas is a  cheerful, boyish, & fun boy.  There are many great characters also. His two best friends are Asher & Fiona. Asher is spontanious & spunky, while Fiona is sweet & calm. His family unit is made up of Father who is talkitive & helpful, Mother who is proper, kind, & well-manored, & Lily who is hyper, talkitive, & inquisitive.  'The Giver' is a fantastic novel. I would recommend it for anyone. It's easy to read, though there are some difficult vocab. There are a few things I disliked about it. I think the theme is 'be you, not the same as someone else. Uniqueness is an important tool to life' (my advice is to listen)!!!!!"
"I read the book two years ago, in Grade Six, for a noel study.  I was fairly impressed, but when I was done I was not satisfied.  It most certainly caught my attention but I didn't like the characters much. I found Jonas to be a little...annoying in the sense that he was almost emotionless.  He was bland and tasteless.  As the book progressed I started to like him more as he grew into a new person, challenging what he has been force fed his entire life..  The book was slightly...disturbing.  For example, the baby part was awful.  I was shocked that people could be so inhumane.However, it was certainly an amazing book.  I was going to give it three stars but I have given it four due to the fact that the writing showed great talent and that it was original and well planned over such a short book.  The only thing for me to complain of is characters which is one of the things I rank highly in a novel.  I would borrow it, though, because it is eally short and nearly seven dollars ir bloody ridiculous."
"The Giver is captivating book about a lifestyle quite different from our own. Lois Lowry shows her incredible imagination and creativity in this story about Jonas, the main character, living a restricted life and proceeding to realize there is a better way to live.Before reading this book, I took my individuality for granted. While the story of The Giver is not true, it opened my eyes to a different and controlled way of life and made me realize how privileged I am to be able to make my own decisions. There are a lot of little things taken for granted in our world. Lois Lowry gives you a glimpse of what life would be like without them.The Giver holds many twists, turns, and surprises. As you read about Jonas's life, you will find your feelings changing from happy, sad, and confused about the life this boy has to lead. You may find the lifestyle appalling or you might find it incredible.A key element in The Giver is the difference of opinions. Would you stand up for your beliefs even if it meant utter rejection from everyone you knew?"
"On a scale of 1 to 5 stars, this book is definitely a 6! I bought this book on Friday, didn't began it until Saturday morning and had it finished by Saturday afternoon. It is excellent! Set in a Utopian-type village,  where life is ""perfect"", one boy, Jonas, is selected to be the  next ""Receiver"". He will learn about what life used to be like.  He will discover all the joy and pain that accompanied people in the land  of ""Elsewhere"". This book is incredible! I'd love to sit here and  tell you every little detail, but hey, that would ruin an outstanding book  for you! I absolutely loved it, and there couldn't have been a more  appropriate ending, for those of you who said the ending wasn't so great.  Read it! One of the best I have ever read, and I have read a lot of books!  JANE EYRE is still my favorite, but then again, it is hard to compete with  the classics. Lois Lowry does an excellent job, very different from her  usual ""Anastasia"" books. This novel is superior! Well, stop  listening to my praise of this book and go out and buy it!"
"I am generally not a fan of books set in a Utopian futuristic society. Brave New World and 1984 are others that I have read, but not thoroughly enjoyed. In this novel, Jonas, a 12-year-old boy, is given his assignment as ""The Receiver,"" which means that he receives memories of the world from the previous Receiver, now referred to as ""The Giver."" In Jonas's world, there are many rules that that the members of this society have to adhere to, words must be very carefully used, and there is no such thing as color. As Jonas receives memories from the Giver, he decides that this world he is living in is incredibly unfair and devises a plan to run away to ""Elsewhere"" with a child. Although I typically do not like these types of books, I found this one incredibly easy to read. The one thing that I really did not like, however, was the ending. It is very difficult to tell whether or not Jonas and Gabriel actually made it to Elsewhere, or if they died from hunger. This aspect would be great for discussion though, because I could easily see students disagreeing greatly on the ending."
"""The Giver'' is not good literature based on these characteristics Ichose.  ""The Giver'' is not good literature because the characters in thebook have no feelings. They have no feelings because it is a Utopian society,in which the people live.  Another reason why ""The Giver'' is not goodliterature is not considered as good literature is because there is no adventureand action. I felt the novel was tedious because the setting of the storyoccurred within the community and there wasn't a lot of action. Lastly,""The Giver'' is not good literature because of the ending. The ending of thebook wasn't surprising. There isn't an actual ending to the book. A quotefrom the end of the story is, `'Behind him, across vast distances of space andtime, from the place he had left, he thought he heard music too. But perhapsit was only an echo.'' This is why the novel,  ""The Giver'' is not consideredas good literature."
"Of all books I have read, I strongly feel that this one ranks up in the top three.  I feel as though it was a very well written story which, if you think about it, it isn't the easiest topic to write about.  Well, at least I can't see how anyone can come up with a story about such an abstract concept as the way that the people in the novel lived.  Nonetheless, this novel was written masterfully. The only flaw that I found was at the very end.  While I was reading it, I noticed I was running out of pages.  However, I was not running out of questions.  I feel as though this book really leaves the reader hanging on a lot of questions which, I for one, would have liked to have answered.  I actually went to my friend the next day who read it and took his answers to my questions, even though he can not be fully sure if he is correct or not.  However, it eased my mind to have at least some sort of answers.  Other than the ending, I feel as though this book was really well written and I would recommend it to anyone, young and old, as long as they enjoy reading good books."
"I just finnished reading the book The Giver in my 8th grade Languge Arts class. I really wasn't a big fan of the book. In the beginning it didn't really grab my attention it was really boring.It took to long for something to start building up. If I did not have to read the book with my class I would have stopped reading the book. I felt that the author made things really hard to understand and had a few things that did not even make sense. I felt that the ending was done well, but it just left to many things unanswered. Things that I was anxious to find out. I know that it lets the reader use their imagination, but still you can't end a book with that many unclear and unanswered things. I feel that if the ending were done different then maybe it would give people better closure about the uncertainty. One thing though that I did like though was how the author introduces and reveals kind of twists and turns and shocks in this book. So in conclusion if you are going to read this book expect frustration coming your way."
"The Giver by Louis Lowry was an exceptional novel about the true nature of a utopian society.  The society that the main character, 12-year-old Jonas, lives in is completely devoid of the emotions and pleasures of life in order to shield them from the bad points.  However when Jonas is selected to receive all of the memories of the ""old"" world, his safe life is thrown into turmoil.  Through this child's eyes, Lowry poses the question as to whether this utopia is actually superior to society today.  Yes, there is no pain, war, hunger, ect., but in order to cause this ""sameness"" the people are forced to live in a world as if sedated, devoid of strong emotions, and ultimately the freedom of choice.Lowry attempts to answer her own question in the denouement of the novel, which although in a minority, I thought was an appropriate way to end. Since it does not supply a definite answer, she allows the reader to draw their own conclusions.  It would have seemed trite to me if there were a simplistic end to the novel, since the ideal of a utopia is such a complex concept."
"Lois Lowry did an excellent job writing the narration of the story. The perspective is very clear, and most of the ideas expressed are easy to understand by the masses. Of course, there are some things I couldn't stand.For example:'Jonas almost gasped aloud. To have the power to turn the speaker off? It was an astonishing thing.'  -End of Chapter 10 of 'The Giver''As O'Brien passed the telescreen a thought seemed to strike himm. He stopped, turned aside, and pressed a switch on the wall. There was a sharp snap. The voice had stopped.'  -Excerpt from 1984 by George OrwellAbout less than a paragraph later, the protagonist in 1984 says the exact thing that Jonas said at the end of Chapter 10.Another thing that I couldn't stand was the sudden, almost magical transition of the characters' moral appearances seen by the protagonist.The Giver was an excellent read. If you like The Giver and wish to read more difficult selections, both Dune by Frank Herbert and 1984 by George Orwell are outstanding novels."
"The giver is a thrilling story by Lois Lowery. It tells about a boy named Jonas who lives in a society focused on everyone being the same. Behavior is controlled by drugs, emotions are non-existent and messing up is simply not allowed. Also the citizens have their spouses, children and careers chosen for them.Jonas is given the career of giver. A mysterious job very few know about. When he arrives at his place of work he discovers that the giver is the one person who remembers the outside world. Jonas experiences memories such as color, and snow that make him happy. But he also experiences terrible painful memories like war. He begins to have emotions and wants others to have them too. But will Jonas make it in a world where individuality is literally a crime?This is a thrilling story is not necessarily mystery but more anticipation. It is definately a page turner. Lowery does a great job in bringing the story to life and making the reader want to know more about jonas and his friends. I think this book would be best for twelve and over."
"The Giver, by Lois Lowry, was a very interesting and eerie book. It's about a boy named Jonas who lives in a perfect world. Nobody ever is upset, nothing ever dramatically changes, and nobody cares or realizes the one thing everybody is missing: memories. Jonas, apprehensive about the coming December that brings new changes, doesn't know what his assigned role in the community will be. But when the day comes, he is selected to be the Receiver of Memory. The Giver, who brings a whole new light to Jonas from the past, alone holds the pain, joy, and sorrow of the world in the past. Wanting to change, Jonas does one thing that could change the community forever.  I enjoyed this book because of the alarming things being discovered about the community that Jonas lives in. The feelings Jonas discovered that he had never had before were the very things that changed his community. I disliked the fact that everyone was constantly apologizing in order to not break the rules. But overall this book was very good and had not a lot of action, but a lot of emotional feelings."
"This was a rather good book- very intreasting, and it took me to a whole new level!  The characters were well-drawn out, and it was a heart-wrenching story;  it showed you what the world would look like if we were all the same, condemmed to a live of normancy, and also showed you what happens when one person stands up and says this is wrong.  I really enjoyed it, expecially since it's a book that I would not normally read.  The only true promblem that I had with it was the end-I felt that it did not tie up the book as well as I might have wanted it to.  It was much like the book Troy by Adele Geras- not the ending persay, but the way it was ended-it left the ending up to the readers, so  that you constantly go back and forth between what could have happened, without ever knowing what actuaally did happen.  Besides this fact, I really enjoyed this book, and would recommend anyone and everybody to read this book, as well as The Times Series(The first book being A Wrinkle In Time) by Madeleine L'Engle."
"Social engineering.  Eugenics, collectivism, society based on threat of being released and on lies.  Lois Lowry painted a graphic picture of an ordered society in which man decides who survives in it.  At the beginning, I was irritated with the author however, by the end, I thought she had exposed the flaws in such an ordered society and the courage that it took to leave it for the unknown.  It was eerie that no one questioned where people from The House of the Old were going when they were released?  No exceptional people were tolerated at any age.  Only those who were willing to comply.  Observation of all facets of family life via the black screen was the control mechanism.  Exposing the Nurturer/Father for the administrator of the lethal injection was pivotal.  If one had reservations, after that, the reader was sure that the system was horribly flawed.  Glad that when the topic comes up, I will be familiar with it.God is the Creator and Man has continually tried to usurp that role."
"I thouroughly enjoyed reading this book.  It caused me to think about issues that I do not normally think about.  It also provided an entirely different viewpoint than any that are available in the world today.The book showed benefits and flaws to a controlled system, one that many people think could work, given a chance.  Some of the issues presented in the book, had not even crossed my mind as being a problem or a solution, such as the formation of the family unit and the generalization of age by having one day on which people advance in age.The Giver also showed what it would be like to experience certain concepts and emotions for the first time, something I enjoyed tremendously.  Love, anger, hate, suffering; all of these things were discussed in this book with a kind of clarity that no one who had grown up with them could possess.This book is a must-read for anyone who enjoys being provoked into thought.  It is easy to read, with moderate vocabulary, but is incredibly well-written."
"While I can't say that I loved the book, I still liked it. The book maintained a fairly good storyline from start to finish, yet at times it was a bit boring and dull (the reason I gave it 4 stars...I like action). I did enjoy, however, the tone in which the narrator speaks and the style in which the book was written. It was written with the perfect mixture of passiveness and seriousness, and the end result was great. Furthermore, I found the book to contain meaningful and important themes and motifs that relate to the real world. One such theme is the importance of memory to human life. The Giver also contains lots of motifs (vision, the sled, etc). This book is an eye opener and can really change the way you view the world.This book is a classic. Lois Lowry deserves immense credit for his work. It was very spiritual and a good (maybe great) read. I would recommend buying The Giver and those doubting whether or not to purchase it should go ahead and shell out a few bucks for the read."
"Lois Lowry's award winning book, The Giver, is about exactly what I want to avoid in the future...a totally mapped out life. Jonas, a young boy about twelve, has a very important position in his society. After he turns twelve he and other twelve year olds in his community are given jobs to have for the rest of their lives to serve for their community. The world and atmosphere that they live in is colorless, the children have no real family, and they can see what their future will be on a piece of paper before they live it. When Jonas' special twelve year old ceremony comes around he is appointed the most important job of all... The Giver. The Giver is a person who stores all the memories, colors, feelings, and worries of the blan people in his town. But the Giver is a toughter job than Jonas expects, he is scared to face what lay ahead of him. He has heard of a Giver before that suffered much pain, for she was not used to the real world, only her sheltered one. But can Jonas withold the position?"
"The Giver, written by Lois Lowry, is not only a strange but an interesting novel. It is based on the theme on Utopia.  To Jonas' world it is Utopia, but to us there are many flaws.  One is ""Release"".  Why should a utopian world want to kill because two people look alike or they are handicapped?  Everything is planned out for everyone, which means no choices and no freedom.  When Jonas is selected to be the ""Receiver of Memory"", the holder of the past, he realizes that the world he is living in is not perfect after all.  Even though the past held pain and sorrow, there is unforgettable love to even it out.  So Jonas decides to run away with Gabe for a better, more exciting life in ""Elsewhre"".  On his way there, Jonas begins to see the beauty in life.  The life that we are living in now.  Lois Lowry is trying to convey an important message through this novel.  You don't need to be perfect to succeed.  In fact, being perfect is not a good thing.  This is a very well written and unique novel."
This book has such a different world in it that it is a bit hard to understand for little kids but i think it is lois lowry's greatest book.
This book has an amazing storyline. It touches your heart too. This was a wonderful book to read. I can read it over and over. A great book.
"wow! i read the book a couple of weeks ago in American Lang. (I'm foreign exchange from America, I'm not British) everyone was puzzled at the end. i knew about it from reading it in fourth grade, and i'm in seventh, and it still carries me from day to day. this is the kind of book that needs to be made into a movie, but that might destroy it. the key idea would be for Lois to come on set, design the ideas, the buildings, everything, so nothing is wrecked. but that it isfar to hard sometimes, i know. i can't even capatialize, i loved this book so much! this book is the kind that leaves you dreaming of the possibilities, and a sequel might ruin it's glory as a creative tool in Lang. this is a good recomendation for teachers who want to reach people my age, because it traps you inside. some of the girl at my US school never read, besides zines, and they loved the book so much, they even borrowed a copy over night to get far into the book for the next day! check this book out, you won't regret it."
"Jonas' world is perfect: everybody gets along, everybody has a job, and there is happiness everywhere; but throughout the story Jonas finds it is not a perfect world after all. In each family unit there is a mother, a father, a brother and a sister. When each citizen turns twelve they are assigned a job in the community, Jonas was chosen to de the Receiver. He would receive memories of happiness and colours. When Jonas sees that the real world is full of sadness, fear ,and pain he is scared. After a while Jonas escapes the community to find the real world. The author leaves you hanging to choose what happens to Jonas and the baby Gabe. I like the idea of a perfect world, but in some cases this isn't even a perfect world. Differences cause conflicts but complete sameness is not good. I think this is a great book to read in school, it shows twelve year old that they don't have to be perfect and now maybe more than ever they have to realize that.  I give this*****(% stars)"
"I know why this book was chosen for a Newberry Medal. It is extremely well-written and is thought-provoking, I found it to be almost terrifying in that, are we not careful, we might have the imagined world Lowry creates in her book as a reality for our future world. I would hope that we would guard against allowing our families, as we know them, to be taken from us. The world of Jonas is one without any true happiness and lacks love and color. I was somewhat hopeful throughout the book that Jonas, the hero of the story, and his young charge, might find a better world. I suppose the message for all is to be aware. Sameness has been tried and found wanting in the world's history. I enjoyed the book as an adult. I would not have liked it as a young teen (the intended audience) because I would have found the parallels between the attempts of Germany to create such a world during World War II, where my father and uncles fought, and the world of the Giver too harsh for my tender young heart."
"This book was very facinating. It had me where i couldn't put it down. The book was a little depressing towords the end of the book and I think it could have ended better. It ended in a way that makes you want to keep on reading. I was intriged by the world that the character lived in and curious on how their life compared to ours. The book also had some mystery in it that i liked. For example, when the apple changed and when he was about to find out what release was. It also had a lot of exciting parts, like when the main character recieved his first memory. It also had some sadness to balance the good. For instance, When you read about the Giver's daughter killing herself. The book had some really neat stuff in it, like the fact that everyone except the Giver and eventually Jonas couldn't see colors. The world that Jonas lived in also had a orginized way of life ,but in my opinion it was too perfect. If you are ever woundering if you should buy this book or not, I think you should."
"... The giver, a very mysterious and new kind of book, did not sounded interesting because of its simple title.  Instead of boring, I found it to be very interesting.  I did like it more than the books I have read in school like A Separate Peace or Great Expectation.  This book was different from the others; it was a mysterious and fantasized book.  I love books that are out of the ordinary. For instance, the part where they said that people were being release.  I did not know where they were going. That made me want to read it and find out. Another part was when the 12th years got their job assigned to them. It was intense because Jonas number was skipped.  The other part that got me going was what was the name of the girl before Jonas that was Receiver. All this and more in this exciting novel. I do not want to give away the ending, but anyone who picks up this book cannot stop reading it.I give this book a 4 because it is the best of the books I have read for an English class."
"I honestly really love this book. In my short life I've realized that i read a lot, yet I've failed to come across a book such as this one. it's full of conspiracies, lies, love, fear, and power. yet, never once, was there any PURE doubt. the characters in this story knew exactly what they were doing, without knowing what they were doing. I think it's amazing how much this idea corresponds with the real world. people are blind to what they do and believe in. there is no cure to this clueness people have developed with time. we know so much but know so little. this book has given my a whole new perspective on the way I see things.I do have some questions tho.1. if the giver and rosemary are related, are receiver qualities passed down by blood?2. (relating to question 1) If being a receiver is passed down by blood are the recivers and the givers related?3. what happens to have once they reach the town?4. is the town celebrating Christmas?that's it."
"After reading 'The Giver' by Lois Lowry, I was forced to re-think everything i have ever known to be true in life. Jonas,  while reaching the age of twelve, is assighned to a job for the rest of his life, along with all the other twelve year olds. Growing up in a set community where all he knows is what he has been told.  His whole life is a lie, but he does not realize that.After the ceremony in December, Jonas receives a job assignment unlike any other. His friends receive jobs such as Caretaker, and Recreation Director, while he recieves the mysterious job of being the Reciever. This is the start of everything he has ever known beginning to unfold.  He is faced with many choices, and decisions that the rest of the community could never even understand.  I recommend this book to anyone who is bored with their life, and feel the need for stimulation. This book definatley makes you think, and leaves you with a suprise ending that can be interpreted in many ways."
"What you're in for: Order. A very controlled society. Ceremony of Ages. Stirrings. Sameness. Quick and easy read. Unanswered questions.Am I glad I read it? I am glad I read it. I mean, come on, it's just one of those books you have to read. But I wasn't all that impressed by it, to be honest.  I did like some of the surprises it threw my way, such as the colour thing. But, there were things that bugged me.  Too many unanswered questions. I thought the Giver was going to answer all these questions, but he didn't even know much. There was just so much left up in the air, so many aspects not explained. That bugs me.  It was fairly enjoyable and it was interesting, but something was just off.  I'm not really sure why this book is sooo popular and well-received. I mean, I get that it was, like, the first of its kind or whatever, and it was decent, but it just wasn't that great in my opinion. Only okay.  Not sure if I will read the second book."
"In the book, a boy named Jonas becomes the Receiver for his town when he turns twelve and finds out the truth from The Giver. The story takes place in a community that is not normal. Everything is in order and everything is under control. The people have no worries and cares. Everyone is equal and everyday is the same. Each member in Community is assigned a position. When Jonas turns 12, the Community selects him to be the new receiver of memories. Only The Giver knows the truth and memories of the past, and now he must pass these memories on to Jonas. When he finds out the truth that how his father releases babies, it makes Jonas hate his family because his dad kills innocent babies by injecting poison into them. This point of change made him run away from his home, where the story ends questioning what would happen next. I really enjoyed reading this book because it was a wonderful adventurous book. And if you enjoy reading adventurous book, you definitely have to try this one."
"I really felt this book is a must read for people of all ages!  The main reason is because I believe that within Lowis Lowry's THE GIVER, everyone can find something to relate to.  For example, Jonas, the main character, is very worried about his future life, like many people are.  From another view, Jonas also seems to feel left out, a feeling many younger people and adolescents can relate to.  Another aspect of this book that I feel should strike a chord with anyone and everyone who reads it, is how wonderful it is to have variety.  Just as had happened in the book, everyone ended up with the same birthday, not being able to see colors... dressing alike etc.  Thank God we don't have to worry about that!  I feel that people, when reading this book should focus on the feelings that Jonas experiences when being the Giver's tutoree... so to speak.  He goes from confusion to understanding- from sadnees to overwhelming joy.  The spectrum of emotion that Lowry reflects is amazing!"
"I found The Giver to be a shockingly realistic portrayal of what a conformist future may be like. Everything and everyone is the same, and variation is rare if it exists at all. It is here we find Jonas, a 11 year old boy about to turn 12.When a person comes of age at 12, they are assigned a job to do for the rest of their life. Because of this, I thought that the book may have had communist undertones. More in the sense of a Utopian communism than a communism in reality. Everyone is the same, and has the same things. The world is ideal. There is no pain, suffering, war, or grief.I feel that The Giver flawlessly depicts the struggle of an individual in a society that is unwilling to change. Jonas is forced to deal with how he feels, and the knowledge he is different from everyone else. I found the plainess of the other characters to be an excellent foil for Jonas's differences.The book leads to a stunning conclusion I found to be a perfect ending to the story."
"Each age has its own idea of the good life - and of its opposite. Lowry has done an exceptional job with the latter. This owes a lot toBrave New World, with it peaceful people drugged into passivity, but throws in the abolition of sexuality that others, like1984, have advanced. (I have to wonder whether this book's loss of color influenced later dystopias, like that inEquilibrium.) Then, Lowry throws in aggressive feel-goodism and praise of mediocre that have become so entrenched in the current education establishment - and a core of hypocrisy and casual brutality that chill even more than overt aggression.The central character is scapegoat-in-training, the child who will become the conscience of the community - the one who feels the horror so that others don't have to. If you want a clearly happy ending, well, you're not going to love it. That's your problem. This book's value lies much deeper.-- wiredweird"
"the giver takes place in what seems to be a perfect world, the are no wars hunger sickness or pain of any kind. jonas becomes aware of hidden and horrible problems within the community with help from the giver.  spoilersjonas learns in creating this ""perfect"" community many good things had to be lost. there is no color animals weather musicor even love. parents are assigned to their children and everyone is the same. there are no specific birthdays and you are not allowed to choose your job. many good things are lost to create the pain free world. all through the book you hear about release which is preformed to some newchildren and the old. you do not learn what it is until the end when twins are born and one is released. the horrible truth the inoccent child is killed just because they look alikethis was a great book. i would reccomend it to anyone  it will leave you thinking thought the end is disappionting you will enjoy it may be shocked at some parts"
"This book is wonderful! As I turned the pages of this book, I learned new ideas, thought about stuff that I normally wouldn't have and enjoyed the wonderful story! I enjoyed the idea behind the book: living in a perfect world without pain or feelings...except for one person in the whole town. I think, that living in a world without feeling or pain is not very good. When we live we enjoy or not enjoy things because of how we feel about them. In the town in which the story takes place, it's difficult for me to imagine how people there can enjoy life if they have no feelings about anything. I'm glad that Jonas and the Giver knew about feelings, pain, color, and music.I read this book all in one day, the moment I picked it up I couldn't put it down! In some of the other reviews, people said they didn't like how Lois Lowry didn't write the ending. But I think that's a wonder of the book, you can make the ending however you want. I recommend this book to everyone older than ten."
"A fantastic future world creation.  Young and old alike will enjoy this amazing vision.  The young narrator lives in a community of the future where all citizens are selected for their jobs and trained at the age of 13.  There is no choice in this society but thereby also no haves and havenots.  The citizens live happily in their roles and don't question what they have or what they don't have.  Because everyone, everything is the same.  No one has ever known suffering or hunger or need, but in having never known it, they don't even know what it is.  When he is selected as the receiver of memories, our narrator realizes that the world has not always been the way it is.  And in so learning, he starts to question whether everything is always for the best.An amazing work that will make you think about society, community, risk, and choice.  Will spark many deep thoughts and discussion.  A great read that will definitely make you think about society, structure, and opportunity."
"""Jonas you will be trained to be our next Receiver of memories."" Jonas lives in a world where everything is the same: the same routine, the same school, the same people and the same house. Everything changes when Jonas turns 12 and gets his first and last job for life. Up until now, Jonas has been worrying about this job and what would become of him. It is much more than Jonas expected. Jonas learns about things that he could never have in his world. Jonas is happy with his assignment until one day when he realizes that it has a bad side too. Will Jonas bail out or become the new Receiver? I recommend this book to any reader who seeks adventurous, thrilling books. I like the way the book shows the reader that everyone is different and you should never try to be something you're not.  You should always be yourself. This book also shows that you have to choose your own way to go. You have to choose your own path and no one can choose for you."
"The book The Giver, written by Lois Lowry is very interesting and great. I think that it is good for all middle school students. It has a pretty high  vocabulary so younger kids might not get it unless there parents read it to  them. It is a very strange book but that is what it makes it different and  better. If you like strange books that you can't put down this one is for  you, you never are going to want to put it down. It is about a boy this is  about twelve years old that a middle school could relate to, the only  difference is that he lives in a society that is totally the same,  everything is the same so there is no judging. That makes it so you don't  have to impress anybody. The book started off a little slow but if you keep  reading it gets better and better. The ending could be better but it lets  you make it up so it is kinda fun because you get to pick what the ending  is. So, if you like strange interesting books the book The Giver because it  is a great book."
"My name is Hilary Harris and I am 13 years old. I have read some of your books called Number the Stars and The Giver, and have found them both very fastinating and well written. Although I love the other, I'm writing to you about The Giver. I thought the book was a good view into science fictioned life. It started out very detailed and explanatory, which I like, but toward the end it became a little confusing. Like when Jonas and Gabriel reached Elsewhere. What I thought from that was that you wanted the readers to make-up their own ending, but I think you should help us out and tell us what you thought was going to happen by writing a conclusion to The Giver. Thank you for taking your time to read this letter. I hope you consider writing another book about Jonas, Gabriel, and Elsewhere, and what happened after Jonas stopped taking his pills. Again, I thank you for listening to one of your readers, and I look forward to reading the second book if you decide to write another."
"The book The Giver, written by Lois Lowry is very interesting and great. I think that it is good for all middle school students. It has a pretty high vocabulary so younger kids might not get it unless there parents read it to  them. It is a very strange book but that is what it makes it different and  better. If you like strange books that you can't put down this one is for  you, you never are going to want to put it down. It is about a boy this is  about twelve years old that a middle school could relate to, the only  difference is that he lives in a society that is totally the same,  everything is the same so there is no judging. That makes it so you don't  have to impress anybody. The book started off a little slow but if you keep  reading it gets better and better. The ending could be better but it lets  you make it up so it is kinda fun because you get to pick what the ending  is. So, if you like strange interesting books the book The Giver because it  is a great book."
I think it was good book a little weird at beginning but then towards middle got very interesting when you finally understood everything.
"Fast delivery, great condition.  My daughter needed it for school and this was the cheapest book we have found.  Definitely worth buying."
"When I first picked up the library copy of The Giver, I didn't know what to expect - the cover was intriguing, the plot summary didn't tell much... ...I finished reading it in one sitting, then almost immediately began rereading it, because the book had struck me as so powerful that I wanted to reexperience it, and let it sink even deeper into my soul.  Not only is the book well-crafted and a powerful idea, but it contains many levels of meaning.  The Giver is the sort of book that different people will interpret differently, based on their views and experiences - and all of those interpretations are right.  This is a book ripe for discussion and rereadings (for rereadings bring new insights and new discoveries, and a further understanding of both the book itself, and the significance of the book).  I highly recommend this book to almost anyone (and do so on a regular basis - several of my friends have already adopted this book as one of their favorites)"
"Having just read The Giver by Lois Lowry, I can see why she won the prestigious Newbery Medal for this excellent tale about a futuristic, utopian(?) society, one which produces conditions of conformity, sameness and, as a result of strict adherence to the Community's Set of Rules, a society where turmoil does not exist........except for the few who are enlightened. As many have written, I had just as many questions as answers as I plowed thought this quick read in record time. I only wish that I had read this as a teenager, as my children did, where perhaps I could not accurately anticipate what would come next, as adults with more experience can oftentimes do. With that said, there were still suspenseful moments. What prompted me to pick this up from my youngest's bookshelves was the fact that I now work with a new band called Jonas Sees in Color. Read about the band and in particular see why they chose this name above others.Jonas Sees in Color"
This is an interesting look into what life would be like in a stepford wife like life. Or how life would be if we lived in a grey world.
"I liked this book a lot  because the main idea,the plot,and the ending.I would recommend this book to anyone who has wanted a good book."
Interesting read. I thought it curious how the ending was left to the readers own interpretation. Quite thought-provoking in my opinion.
"This book is good literature because its full of feelings, shares an important message, and it's full of adventure. This book is definitely full of feelings. This book makes people feel bad for Jonas because his community has no feelings at all! Imagine going throughout life with no feelings! The Giver's message is that you need feelings in your life. Without feelings we wouldn't be able to love or hate. Also pain is how we learn and get stronger. During the middle and towards the end of The Giver, it gets full of action. When Jonas runs away to Elseware, the setting changes and his life get harder and harder. It gets tough to find food, and he gets hurt many times. ""His ankle throbbed as he forced the pedal downward in an effort that was almost beyond him."" This relates to the book because he goes through pain a lot during his journey. As you can see The Giver is good literature because its full of feelings, shares an important message, and is full of adventure."
"The Giver is an interesting book. The part I liked about the book was when it talked about Sameness. Sameness was an amazing town.  Everyone in the community got along, there wasn't any fighting or any body getting hurt.  Also I liked Jonas because he used his gift or shall I say memories which is his job for a good cause. For example, when Gabriel couldn't sleep at all Jonas gave Gabriel a memory to help him dream good dreams that helped him sleep. There was also something I didn't like, like the part in Sameness,where children was put in groups by their age and everyone in that group had to look exactly alike.  They had to wear their hair alike and the same exact clothes. I wouldn't won't to do that. I think that was a cruel thing to do to children. I really liked that in Samness no one goes hungry. In the world we live in there are lots of people going hungry.  So over all The Giver was an excellent book and I would probably love to read it again!!"
"""Number 20"", said the head elder. This part made me want to keep reading to see what happened. He had skipped Jonas. After the very last number Jonas was called back up. He was assigned the job of the Receiver.  In the book The Giver by Louis Lowry a 12 year old boy was assigned the most important job in the town. When he started this glorious job the Giver gave him happy and colorful memories. Then he started receiving the painful memories. I really enjoyed how the painful memories mad Jonas realize that the town he lived in was not as perfect as he thought it was and that things could be different. After so much the Giver and Jonas decided enough was enough. I think they were right they should not be the only one to hold these abominable memories. I could not believe what these 2 brilliant people they decided to do next. What will they do next? If you want to find out read the suspenseful book The Giver by Louis Lowry."
"The Giver is an incredible book that is very well written and has a captivating and thrilling plot. Jonas lives in world with no color. There is no music, true feelings, pain, or uniqueness. His world is controlled and planned from what job you have to who you marry. This means that no one in his community goes through the horrible thing people in our world have to go through. This seems like a good thing but is it? If there is no pain how can there be true happiness? Is the world a utopia or dystopia? The Giver raises many interesting questions like this and is the perfect book for anyone whether they are just looking for a fun book to read or in the mood to think about the structure and basis of society. Furthermore, The Giver is a great contrast to some of the other books that are popular today and a refreshing break from the books that show a clear evil. I definitely recommend that everyone reads this book and truly gives it a chance to affect how they think."
"Lowry's The Giver, is quite possibly one of the best pices of literature I have ever read.  It stands out from any other book.  Never before has a book captivated readers with a strange world that is similar, but yet  different from our own.  Some of the things characters go through are mind  blowing.  Jonas, the main character, suffers these things with the rest of  the community, however, Jonas begins to learn about things such as color  and temperature that other members in the community do not know about.  He  goes through so much pain and discomfort and learns about death and killing  and war.  When you read these vividly described scenes, your jaw will be  unhinged and you will know that you are completely obsessed with this book.  It might be 2:00 in the morning but once your into this book you'll be  stuck in Lowery's world.  You won't want out, you won't answer the phone or  talk to family or friends until you finish The Giver.  This book is that  good."
"I loved the premise of Lois Lowry's ""The Giver"", and the story is well written about a society that has, as a result of it's past, evolved into a world lacking in passion and emotion, e.g. blandness is the rule, there's no color, no music, nothing that might cause competitiveness and therefore strife among it's inhabitants. It's a strange form of a totalitarian state populated by a people who've no understanding of what is lacking. The Giver is the only one who truly knows and when he hands down the history to the next in line to be Giver....things happen.The entire point of the story relies on the ending and I think it succeeds, except there is still a need to know more and then I realize this book is but a single part of a quartet of stories. I've also read 'Gathering Blue', by this author, which is a companion to this book and is OK as a stand alone but rather short and it, too, begs for fulfillment in 'The Messenger', the 3rd installment."
Book Cover - I really liked this book cover and found it to be appropriate for the story line. *Story - I loved this story. The more I read the more I wanted to read. I honestly don't think that there was a slow period in this entire book. *Author - I loved reading the work of Lois Lowry and defiantly want to read more from her. *Religious Factor - There really wasn't a boldness of this category in this book however there was one point in the book that I could easily have seen them trying to do a Narnia case where the Lion is suppose to represent God but in this case it was The Giver instead of the lion. So because it kinda left it open to let me form my own opinion on that I gave it a star. *Cleanliness - There was no fowl language used in this book. *Overall Review: I loved this book and think that everybody should read it at least once. I was supper excited to find out that there are other book like this one by this author and I will defiantly be reading those when I can get my hands on them. This book was a page turner for me that I just really didn't want to put down and was always looking forward to where the story would take me next. Great Work!
"This is absolutely, without a doubt the BEST book I have ever read. And though I may be young, I have read quite a few books, some truly atrocious ones, to tell the truth. Fortunately, for whoever is interested in knowing about this book's integrity or quality The Giver does not fit in the above category at all. I first read this book at the age of ten and I'm a bit ashamed to admit that I was one of the deluted people who tried to have it banned from class, mostly because of one particularly descriptive and unsavory passage that was far too advanced for me at that age. But ever since then, something about that book has haunted me until last year, when I picked up a copy at a used book store. It was only a matter of hours before I finished the book for the second time and felt the greatest sense of accomplishment at having finally grasped the story's universally appealing message. Let me just tell you this, if you read one book in the remainder of this summer, make sure it's this one. And definitely recommend it to your friends and be sure to have your children read it. In conclusion, this is a fantastic book that will continue to influence your opinion of all books prior to and following your reading of it."
So this is one of the books I re read as an adult and I have to say it didn't have the same feeling the second time. I wish I hadn't read it again and ruined the memory. :(
"This book is a sensitive way to teach about euthanasia and other issues in our society. Although one of the first stories about a controlled society, still one of the best!"
"I really enjoyed Lois Lowry's The Giver because Lowry uses a variety of literary techniques that contribute to the overall style and meaning of the novel.  Imagery, metaphors, symbolism, irony, style, and language are a few of the devices used to create this piece of science fiction literature.  Science fiction novels, in general, involve some sort of technology and often pertain to the relationship between man and society. The Giver portrays these characteristics very obviously and, therefore, is placed in the science fiction genre.  In this case, the technology is so far advanced, that inhabitants of the city, in The Giver, no longer have to worry about problems that are contained in the ""memories"" such as pain, fear, and warfare.  As a downside to this, they also cannot experience all the wonderful feelings and emotions of the past, such as love, color, exuberance, or immense joy.  Society has decided that ""sameness"" is how the city will survive and endure.  If everyone is the same (personality and routine), no one will argue, and virtually there will be no major complications.  This style of living became habitual for the citizens and they eventually knew no other way to live."
"""The Giver"" is a very interesting book and I enjoyed it very much. It depicted a utopian community. The main character is named Jonas, a young male, who is picked to be the new receiver of memories. Each person in the community was assigned a role in the community when they were an eleven, such as a laborer, director of recreation, caretaker of the old, nurturer etc.. They train to be that role until they are finished and take up that job. The receiver of memories is a special job, because there is only one and they are the only person who knows about the real world. When someone is the receiver of memories he or she receives memories of the world before this utopia where there was color and love and fear and war and music. Jonas realizes that the community that he lives in is not the world he wants to be in, so he runs away and saves a baby who was going to be released (killed ), doing so releasing the memories of the real world. This book is very disturbing at parts. I recommend that children under the age of eight probably should not read it, but for preteens to adults this is a great book. Over all I think Lois Lowry did a terrific job on this book and I would recommend  "" The Giver""  highly."
"Jonas is a 12-year-old boy, although, he is not like you or me.  His ""community"" takes place in the future.  In Jonas' community no one can see colors, hear music, or make choices. Everything is peaceful.  No one is hungry or sick, or even different.  There is only one person in the community who knows how the community came to be.  This is The Giver, and young Jonas has been selected to become the next Giver.  Soon Jonas and The Giver are the only ones who know about animals, hills, emotions, wars, Christmas, and sled rides in the snow.  They are the only ones who know what happens when you are released. This book is an awkward and often difficult read if you like to read for enjoyment.  Lois Lowry's The Giver, however, takes a unique look at the mind of an adolescent put into an adult unique story of mind games and adventure, memories, and fear.  Jonas experiences all of these things for the first time and you as the reader get to see what that feels like.  As with many tales of future utopias, Jonas's once perfect world becomes a nightmare.  Can The Giver help his community understand who they really are?  Can Jonas find peace in a place called Elsewhere?  Find out in Lois Lowry's The Giver."
"Love love this book!! First time reading it (most people read it in school and I am in my late 20's)! The book makes you think about life, emotions, and many other things."
"This book has touched me deeply. The world that Jonas, an average 12 year old boy, is living in, is supposed to describe `utopia.'However, Jonas is not a child anymore, and just like every 12 year old he gets to be assigned a job. In the big auditorium everyone is anxious, and excited. Suddenly big gasp fills the room as a mistake is noticed, the numbers went from 18 to 20. The elder has made a mistake. How can this be? At the end of the ceremony, the elder told everyone that the number ""19"" is very important. Jonas has been `selected' to be the Receiver of memory, and the Giver is giving the memories to Jonas. This has Jonas frightened, because everyone heard that it is going to take physical pain for this job. However, Jonas is a brave heart, and didn't let this bug him. Unfortunately, other things have disturbed him greatly. Finding out how that is world isn't all that perfect, having to inject a deadly needle into your body so that you vanish from this black and white world. Not being able to have the freedom to love. Jonas and the Giver decide to do something about this, making a plain to seek their future, they go on a life to death adventure. Where in this world does their journey lead?"
"Jonas is the twelve-year-old protagonist of this novel. He is living in a world without colours, pain and love. In the Ceremony of Twelve he receives his asseignment: He is the one who is chosen to be the new ""Receiver of Memory"". When he meets The Giver, who gives him these memories of pain, love and the ability to see colours, his life changes.The journey to the realization that this system is not the right way to achieve peace and silence, is suspense-packed. At first,the daily life of the members of the community is described so lively that you think it is almost real. Every detail that the author mentions helps to create the apparent harmony and this ""clean"" atmosphere.When Jonas realizes that there must be a change, the dark secrets of the system come out and the action is rising. The suspense is even growing untill the end, which is open(I dislike this!).You can describe the developpment as a chain reaction- everything Jonas believed in becomes a lie.I think, that Lois Lowry has created a world like this to show us that our life- with all its positive and negative sides- is better than living in an utopia without the thing that made us human-beings human-beings: Humanity"
"I love this book; it ranks up there as one of my favorites. It makes you look at the world in a completely new light, for every bad; there is something that is good. To get rid of all bad we would loose our freedom. The book is about a little boy name Jonas who lives in a supposed utopian society, but really is a dystopian one, everything is controlled by a council from emotions to what you wear. They killed people off and make it sound like a good thing ""release"" is the term they use. There is one man who knows the truth he is ""the giver"" and Jonas has been chosen as the new giver. He learns about the realness of emotion and he discovers that choices are better than the bleak existence without love, color and most importantly choice. The end is ambiguous; it leaves you to make up your mind about what happens. This is an excellent read and a note to all those who said this was a difficult book to understand, I do not get it because it was crystal clear for me. The book is straightforward, and if at the first chapter, you do not know what they mean you will certainly know by the end."
"Without a spoiler, The ending took my breath away. The character's were believable even though the book is fiction. I enjoyed The Story Teller very much."
Pretty dismal view of a dystopian society.  Short but powerful. As more details of the village are released you realize how depressing this place must be
I loved this book so much. It showed us that everything in the world wasn't so perfect then and it isn't now. You just have to live with whatever you got
"I understand why this book is so popular--it has a great premise and the writing style is simple and effective. I was hooked after the firs  chapter and read the whole thing in one sitting.A warning though: the book ends very abruptly and does not solve any of the dilemmas that the author builds up to through the first 70% of the book. What lies outside of the community? Are all of the other communities in the world the same as the one Jonas leaves? How is it that the citizens are unable to see color? What happens to Jonas's family?The bottom line is that the book is a great read, but the ending is very unsatisfying. Basically, Jonas runs away from the oppressive society he grew up in. We don't get to find out where he ends up. He doesn't make any differences in his society. His whole struggle is essentially useless.Maybe these questions are answered in the sequels, but it looks like the other books in the series are separate stories focusing on different characters.Three stars for a great idea and and a well written book. Two stars off for meaninglessness."
"""THE GIVER"" is the story of 12-year-old Jonas (no last name) a boy who lives in a world where everything is controlled. There are thousands of strict rules to follow, and everything is chosen by a select Council of Elders. This includes jobs, marital partners, children, etc. There is no color, no emotion, no diversity.  The story is good from the beginning, but really picks up at the Ceremony of Twelve, where children who turn twelve that year get jobs chosen for them by the Council and go into training. Other kids get jobs like Engineer and Laborer, Jonas gets specially selected to be the Reciever of Memory.  On his first day of training, Jonas meets the Giver, a kind old man that transmits memories of past generations into Jonas, so he can gain wisdom. There are happy memories, such as sailing on a lake, and going downhill on a sled, but there are sad and horrible memories, like poverty, war, and physical pain.  I won't go into much detail from there, because I've told you too much already, but I will say this gets thumbs up from me. Highly recommended."
"The Giver is good literature for it is full of adventure and action, lots of descriptions, and a lot of interesting details. The Giver is full of adventure and action because it is about this young boy named Jonas who has to go through so many painful things to be the new Reciever. There is adventure, a lot of it is towards the end when Jonas and Gabriel escape from the community and have to survive in the cold. There are so many vivid descriptions in this book. They talk about the community and how it is so plain. They talk about the many difficulties in which the community faces every single day. Finally, The Giver provides a lot of interesting details. They talk about how when two identical twins, they take the one that weighs the most and the other one and give them a needle in the forehead and goes into the vein. And once they are dead they take the body and put them in a box.''Once they are dead it is bye-bye for them.'' The Giver is good literature because it has adventure and action, descriptions, and interesting details. I recommend this book to all children of all ages."
"This book was interesting to reread. It was definitely much faster the second time than the weeks it took our class in fifth grade. The entire world of the Giver was quite fascinating. I didn't remember that Jonas was so young in the book. I had always thought he was fifteen or sixteen. Now I see him as a very mature person for his age. This might have been related to how the community works though. It is a very ordered society that on the outside doesn't seem terrible. People are happy and everyone knows their role.The Giver isn't completely realistic in how the society would work, but I felt that the character interactions made up for it. The relationship between Jonas and the Giver is interesting. The Giver is a very tragic character who has sacrificed much for the community. Jonas is his designated successor. Without the Giver, the entire society would collapse. The question of the book is whether it is worth having security and relative peacefulness over freedoms.That is a deep question for such an age group, but the author firmly decides it is not."
"At the first time I read this book, I was very confused because their society is very different from reality and my stereotype. They have special rules own such as assignment. When they are 12 years old, they will be able to assignment each other, and Jonas received the Receiver. When he got the instruction of assignment, it can break the whole thing from community rule, even though he can lie.  When Jonas trained by the Giver, he was surprised because of new experiences; for instance, colors, sunshine, pain,Anyway, I would like to say it is really wrong idea the rule of Jonass community. There is not any release like my society, and somebody can kill other people because they couldnt do anything in the society. And they are learning something when they are young and they do that job until they are old. Then if they couldnt do that job anymore, they removed. I think the community is necessary to working the society. However, this is really wrong idea. So, I dont agree the plot of the story about society rules; however the book is so fantastic for me, and wonderful!"
"I really liked this book, for a couple of reasons.  One is that it subtly incorporates the concept of traditions and urban legends.  Because this community didn't have any folklore, just rules and regulations, there was  nothing to tie the community together.  The only reason why the community  felt any connection was because they were ingrained with the sense that  they were a part of the community since they were born.  But what community  were they really apart of?  Without the stories that are passed down from  generation to generation, there is no real link.  There are superficial  links, necessary for order and survival, but when you come right down to  it, there is nothing.  This book reminds us of that, and teaches us to not  take our roots for granted.  The other thing I like about The Giver is that  it makes the reader pause and reflect on his or her own life.  What would  we do if we didn't have any choices, not even what we eat for breakfast?  I  for one would go crazy.  It makes us appreciate the choices we have in  life, even the ones we really don't want to make."
"I read this book because other teachers at my school were using it in their curriculum, and I wanted to see what all the fuss was about. I read it straight through in an afternoon, then read it three more times over the course of the following week! I tried to get everyone I ran into to read it, bought a few copies to give away and kept loaning mine out!The story of Jonas, and what he learns about his community, is riveting. Lois Lowry presents a future dystopia that is so disturbing simply because it is so terribly possible. Her straightforward style, with surprises unfolding at every turn, is easy to read, but has many levels that give depth to her tale.As a teacher, I recommend this book for the effect that it had on my students (after reading it I decided I just *had* to teach this book), but as a lover of literature I would recommend it to anyone of any age.  This book might be listed as ""teen fiction,"" but it falls into the same category as ""Brave New World"" and ""1984."""
"The book that I am doing is called ""The Giver"".  It is about a boy name Jonas who turned twelve and became a receiver.  During his time of life, people of each age would have a community service which they would become something.  For example- Jonas turned twelve and became a receiver which he gets to tell lies.  He doesn't tell lies to anyone before.  Then Jonas had met a guy who he calls himself The Giver.  The Giver gave Jonas memories and thoughts.  I think the book ""The Giver"" is a pretty good book, but some of the parts I don't understand that makes me confuse in the beginning.  Once I keep reading it until I got to the middle of the book, it was starting to get into me.  It has really touching details and it is like I am part of the book.  It was like I was Jonas of his point of view.  This author name Lois Lowry is a great writer to create this great book.  I think that the book, ""The Giver"" is a great book that everyone might enjoy."
it was interesting and to think of a world without memories or colors and to live uniformed like that is unthinkable. I would read it again
Ive read this book at least 3 times since I read it the first time. Amazing book. I would recommend reading the other two from the trilogy.
"The book was okay; not great, not awful.  It's a decent ""food for thought"" read, but I tend to like a little... MORE from my reads."
"I thoroughly enjoyed reading The Giver this year. The book carries the story of 11 year old Jonas, living in a government controlled, utopian community. From telling them what to wear to how to act, there is absolutely no room for personality or difference in this society. But Jonas is special: he has been chosen as he grows to the age of twelve (The age of placement) to be The Receiver the most special and demanding job in the society. Taking on this responsibility trails many ups and downs, including seeing color, remembering memories of the actual uncontrolled world, and seeing what goes into the control of the community.  I found myself very intrigued by this book for both the creative writing style of the author, and also the interesting plot line of a boy going from a controlled, orderly life, to getting a blunt awakening toward feelings, including fear, pain, happiness and love. The Giver is a touching tale that I would recommend for all ages. (I am 13 and as I said, loved it!)"
"Favorite quotes from the book:""...We relinquished color when we relinquished sunshine and did away with differences."" He thought for a moment. ""We gained control of many things. But we had to let go of others.""""if everything's the same, then there aren't any choices! I want to wake up in the morning and decide things!...""""...I knew that there had been times in the past-terrible times-when people had destroyed others in haste, in fear, and had brought about their own destruction.""""...now he understood the joy of being an individual, special and unique and proud.""""But Jonas had experienced real sadness. He had felt grief. He knew that there was no quick comfort for emotions like those. These were deeper and they did not need to be told. They were felt.""""The worst part of holding the memories is not the pain. It's the loneliness of it. Memories need to be shared."""
"Without experiencing unpleasant events it would be difficult to fully appreciate the good. No one wants to suffer or fear but in doing so joy and all the good can be fully embraced. The Giver portrays life in a perfect community; orderly, happy, content where all of the undesirable experiences have been filtered out. But as the story continues the author shows us the horror of this so-called perfect world. It is one stuck in the middle, the gray area, not knowing fear or true happiness; bland, colorless, and depriving people from the experiences that define their lives. Its a quick read, interesting if not thought provoking, of what life could be like if we try to overly control it. The ending is a bit abrupt and leaves the reader hanging but it gives the reader the opportunity to decide the future of Jonas and Gabriel. This is the first book Ive read by Lois Lowry and I would rate it a 5 of 5 for interest, creativity, and provoking thought. I will likely read more from this author."
"The Giver, a book written by Lois Lowry, is about a twelve-year old boy, Jonas, who has been chosen to be the Community's new Receiver of Memory. He has the ability to see beyond - see colors (the people in the Community do not see in color.) In training to be the new receiver, he experiences pain and pleasure unimaginable in the Communty, and thinks it unfair that the Community can not see these things...  I think The Giver is a remarkable book and is great for all ages. Lowry's use of words really move you and that is what makes a great book even better. One scene in the story is where Jonas is receiving a memory of snow, and the crash.She describes the motion and pain so well, it feels like you're really there. I gave The Giver five stars, hands downbecause of the use of words, creative ideas, and the story itself. If you want to read a book you will really enjoy, select The Giver. : )7.3HEC"
"I saw the movie first and liked it very much while realizing that my enjoyment was in conflict with most critics' lack of appreciation for it. I decide to read the original novel to see if the film was a faithful to the book and was pleased to see that it was. I fully realize that for some time the book has been used in schools for kids in the intermediate level and I think that is a good thing. First of all, it challenges the concept that the state knows better than we do what is best  for us and that its attempts to regulate our lives, however well intentioned, too often reduce our humanity. I suspect part of the critics' distaste for it results from that very challenge. In a society that increasingly finds getting rid of the less than perfect children or releasing adults from all pain a positive thing, the notion that our children might be reading something that questions those practices is disturbing. I recommend it highly to those people who want their children to question things."
"The career you choose is chosen for you. When ""The Giver"", by Louis Lowry, is about a community that has no famine, violence, crime, prejudism, and diseases. In the community where a twelve-year-old boy named  Jonas lives, family units are picked out, you have no thoughts, and when  you have dreams, you get a pill to make them go away. Jonas wonders what  career he'll get and if he'll get the same career as his friend Asher. I  sort of liked and disliked this book because of how the people have their  careers picked out for them and that when you have dreams, they're  controlled by pills that make them go away. What I like about this book is  that it's very calm and a very quiet place and you can't get hurt really  bad. What I also disliked about this book is that your careers are chosen  for you and the families are being chosen. I recomend this book to  everybody who likes to read non-fiction books and read very exciting books."
This book was completely out of the norm for my reading Interest.  After reading a little more the second night it seemed like a sci-ficbook which I never ever read but the reviews of this book were in the thousands so I plowed forward.  Please don't feel the beginning of the book drags as it was me reading slowly to understand what was going on.  Definitely at some point in the second night of reading I was hooked.  The story moves slowly as the author is very descriptive but not boring.  Jonah thought his world was perfect until he is given the knowledge of the past.I really like this book and know that in the future I will read it again.  Also  will be looking for more books written by this author.Not much of a description of the book but you can find more on the reviews.  Just wanted to let the readers know of my first impression in case they feel they got something not to their liking in the first pages of the book.
"I understand this book is often assigned in middle school or early high school. The protagonist is a young person who has to grow up fast and accept the responsibility of a hero. There are many themes in the book which would be perfect for classroom discussion: The whole notion of Utopia; the essential flaws in collectivism. the age old concept of believing versus knowing. There are echoes of Orwell in that the State controls all and all citizens are under constant surveillance. (Except the Giver.)  The literary conceit of collective memories being off-loaded to one person is unexplained and takes the story out of the sci-fi world and into Fantasy. As far as the ending goes, I just thought it was somewhat weak, as well as some of the dialogue and narrative toward the end. There is no climax and no denouement which might have made for a five star book.  I really enjoyed the movie and especially Jeff Bridges' contribution to it."
"Jonas is a young boy growing up in a very disciplined town. The spouses, jobs, kids and home is all chosen for them, forget freedom and privilege; in this enticing story Jonas grows up to be twelve. Every year each kid gets a gift for completing another year. When they turn twelve they get their life assignment. Jonas is selected the receiver of memories. While everyone in his town lives in the ""perfect"" fantasy world Jonas learns about the rigid reality of the past. After receiving some of the memories certain things start happening and Jonas learns things that are not to be learned. Rules are broken, and the truth finally comes out.This book is perfect; unremarkably perfect. I cherish this book; the way it is written is captivating and the way the story has been constructed is phenomenal! I am twelve and found this book perfect for my age! i don't suggest younger than eleven, as it has things that are hard to handle."
"Rifkin does an excellent job as the narrator of this book. his vocal tone and reading style match the story very well.  the story itself has various logical problems that i found distracting. i cannot add much to what has already be written by over 3000 reviews.  The story has a very interesting if not new theme of a dystopic planned society and the ending is deliberately open. Unfortunately, the story has logical problems that prove distracting to a reader thinking about the subjects raised, and therefore make you aware you are reading a constructed narrative.i would suggest looking at the Dr van der Linden's review (he rates the book 1 star)  as well as the 5 star reviews, as he makes some valid points about the story and suggests other better constructed stories on the similar dystopic  themesThe Forgotten Door (Apple Paperbacks),Between Planets,Citizen of the Galaxy."
"I read this in middle school. That was 20 years ago. Now I've read it again in an adult book club. Much better. I get why this is banned in a lot of schools. Practically the only thing I remembered about the book from when I read it was that a dad killed a baby and shoved it in a box and threw it away. And that that was a big secret in the community. We had very little discussion in the classroom that was lasting in my memory. And I guarantee my parents had no idea what the book was about so that we could discuss at home. And I was  a GOOD student. Now as I have kids of my own, I would be ok with them reading this book with me so that we could have actual discussions about it. There's a lot to consider. A lot that isn't far fetched, and then some concepts that are obviously maxed out. It isn't something that I would keep from my kids, but definitely not just one for them to read and have open to anyone telling them exactly what it means."
"During the Summer I read a fantastic book called, ""The Giver."" I think this book would rate a three star, on a scale from one to five. This would be about average. If there was a movie, I would rate it a PG-13.  Why I rate this book a  three is because I do not think some kids  understand parts. For example, when Jonas has his flashbacks they tend to  get confusing. This would be one of few major setbacks. I do not think I  liked any part of the book the best. The reason is because I did not think  the book was really that bad.  I think you should read this book  because it can teach you many new things. It teaches you of love, mystery,  desire, hate, fear, and many others. It can teach you how to survive some  of life's tuffest rides.  To conclude my review, the book was great.  Louis Lowry shows strong deposition in her writing. To me, that is a must  in a good writer. this is my overall review on ""The Giver."""
"I first read this book when I was 14. I was in the eighth grade, "" the here and now""of 1994 so to speak. Even then, the book moved me. I felt it's importance and hung on to my school paperback until a friend, looking for a book to write a report on, asked if I had anything interesting.  I immediately pulled this out and gave it to them. I lost contact with the friend and the book was never returned.Just this year I bought a kindle and this was the first book I looked up. I wanted to read it again, to see if it still spoke to me in the dame way it did 20 years ago....Gladly, it did. It spoke to my heart like an old friend who had been away, but not forgotten.I have read several books though the years by Ms Lowry and have yet to be disappointed. Now that I have finished this book again and I now look forward to passing the tale on to my 11 year old son in the hopes it speaks to him as it had spoken to me all those years ago."
"I had to read this book for a class that i am taking and now i wished i had reda it earlier.  I am not so big on reading but this has got to be one of the best things i have ever read.  The fact that they book is not only about sharing memories and the importance of that but it lso deals with conformity and all the problems that can occur through onformity.  The book describes very well and very creatively what would happen if we descnsitized every body in the world and basically turneds them into drones.  The fact that people in this story had their fates chosen by others kind of scared me and made me think, what would we do if this happened to us?  I really found this book to be interesting and at times some what confusing but it all became clear again within the next few lines.  So in conclusion i will stop babbling and say that this is a great book and i haighly recomend it to anyone who is into strange or unusual things...."
"The Giver, written by Lois Lowry, takes the reader into a different world, very different then what we currently see ourselves in today.  Actually, imagine our world without any surprises or different circumstances.  A life lived the same way, everday.  Instead of picking what you want to be in life, the task is given to you.  Jonas, the main character, lives this utopian lifestyle at the age of eleven when the book starts out.  At the age of twelve he recieves his assignment or job.  Except he recieves a very rare and honorable position.  Scared and confused, he recieves his ""training"" for his new ""selected"" occupation and takes on a new lifestyle that others in his community are lacking.  A real world!I wasn't able to read this book in school because of the english courses I was taking.  Thankfully I went back and read these books in my free time, for fun.  The Giver is a great and very different read.  I highly recommend it."
"I am a senior at UNC-Chapel Hill and I'm in a Young Adult Fiction class.  So this semester we're reading many YA books.  And we get to choose our own as long as we end up reading across the genre's of YA books.I choose The Giver because of the reviews I read on this website and I thought it was only appropriate after reading the book to contribute myself.This is an EXCELLENT book and I don't care if you're 8 years old or 80, you will gain something from it.  The way Lois Lowry shows this world of ""sameness"" makes you physically ill sometimes but at the same time frightened because you can actually see our own world in bits and pieces of it.With the way she portrays ""the community"" it allows you to get more and more out of it the older you are.  If you aren't aware of certain things, you don't understand them as much as a young reader, but the plot and story are so well written you still get a lot out of the book.If you are older and do understand, her statements are even more profound.Definitely worth your time and effort.  I couldn't put it down once I read the first chapter."
"Hey! I'm in Seventh grade, we read this book for school. At first I thought it was going to be really boring, but it turned out to be an Awesome book. This book is set far into the Future. Jonas' world is Perfect, or so he thinks until be becomes the Reciever of Memory. When he  is selected to be the Reciever, he recieves memories about the Worlds Past,  Pain, Love, and Color. The thing is, Jonas' World has some good things: The  weather is always sunny, you don't have to worry what your job will be when  you get older (the Elders choose it for you), and their transportation is  bicycles (So there would be no polution). A few Bad things are: Their world  is Black and White, They are only allowed to have 2 children in each family  (1 girl, 1 boy), They don't have their own children (someone is assigned to  that job), they perform Release (I wont say what that is, because it kind  of ruins the suspense), and No one has memories of how the World used to  be. This is a very interesting book, I would recomend it to anyone. Also  there are some movies that have the same sorta plot, they are: Soylent  Green, Gattaca, and Plesentville."
"The Giver By: Louis Lowry ""The Giver"" is a book of the future where all life's decisions are made for you. All of the world problems have been solved and the people live in the dark and are told nothing. Everything is assigned to each person from parents to job occupations.  A good  example is when Jonas the Main character is talking with is Father and  Mother. They are talking to him about how soon he will be given his job  assignment for life at age 12. He recalls back to when he was assigned his  bike and even when he was assigned his comfort toy. Then his parents tell  him how they were excited when they were assigned there jobs, and then they  tell him how they felt when they were assigned his sister ""Lily"". They said  they knew it would a girl because that is what they applied for and there  application was accepted, and how the Commissioners of the town assigning  everything with the help of the ""Giver"". It would soon be Jonas's turn to  be assigned his occupation.  I would recommend this book to people who  like things of the future. It is a very scary environment where everything  is monitored. It is a good book."
"Outstanding book! What a concept, this world of Sameness. No hills, no sunshine, no rain, no snow.. No love, or other emotions we experience on a daily basis. A woman and man are paired together, they get each one boy and one girl.. job assignments.. Another big one is NO color..What happens if you should get ""released""? Lots of questions will be answered in this book.When you are a ""twelve"" you get your job assignments. Jonas is so excited, but at the ceremony he is passed over. At first he is embarrassed but then he gets the greatest honor of all. To be a ""receiver"". Jonas has no clue what that is about, but what it is is, the ""receiver"" gets all the memories, good and bad and keeps them so that if the community has a question, they can go to the receiver and see if their idea is a good or bad one, because they know everything about why they made the rules the way they are, because of pain, hurt etc.I hope I can explain it half as good as the book does. LOVED this story. I won't say any more, but if you haven't read this book YET, order it RIGHT now! You won't want to put it down! I recommend this book to everyone!"
"I'm an eighth grader, and I'm reading this for the second time. Okay, I guess. No attachment at all to any of the characters, and there are many plot holes. How is this a Newberry Honor Award winning book, I ask? Very good writing and description, but not very powerful topic or characters, like I've said. The main character finally gains dimension (Jonas), but everything else is bland. There is no excitement in the story except for these flashbacks the Giver and Jonas experience. Who do we like? Who do we hate? Who do we support? Why do we support this Jonas? The only interesting part is the (SPOILER ALERT) when they leave this plot hole ridden society with this baby we're sympathetic to because he isn't perfect. Very boring. Please, just pick up any other dystopian future book like ANTHEM by Rand Ayn or THE HUNGER GAMES by Suzanne Collins or ANIMAL FARM by George Orwell (It uses animals as a metaphor towards real life political problems, which is convenient). Even though they are full of Republican ideas, they make you think harder than this boring attempt that doesn't deserve the hype (Sorry, Lois Lowry, but it's true)."
"Great as an introduction to dystopian novels for young readers. Through this book, children will learn the value of choice and independence in their own lives."
"The GiverJonas is a kid of the future, which is neither all ""high-tech"", or ""full of pollution"" like some might expect. The government has quite a way of protecting bad things from happening to the future. Thy took away color, music, weather, pain...and choices. In other words, they took the meaning of life away. Only one, soul person even has memories of these past goodnesses, which are passed down to one ""reciever"" after another. What does the reciever of memory become once he is replaced? He becomes ""The Giver"".WARNING: spoilers follow! Eventually, Jonas finds out that if he is released, the memories are transferred to the people. He finds out if he is washed away in the river to the land of elsewhere, he can give the people what is rightfully theirs to have.Spoilers end here.You might be wandering why I gave this book 4 stars. Well, I guess I should admit that it is a pretty heavy book. Now, I don't mean as in a tragedy. I mean, with all that the government takes away... it can sink your heart pretty deep. I, personally, am not one for heavy books. If it's too heavy, just make sure you read to the the end."
"I LOVE this book. I have probably read it between 10-15 times. It has a subtle & simplistic darkness about it. It's about a too-perfect futuristic world that's devoid of pain, emotion, choice & even memories. No one ever knows what happened in the world before them or what happens when they leave it. History is completely lost to all but one man; the giver. The Giver's job is to hold & endure those memories & then a successor is chosen; Jonas. Jonas slowly learns the truth about the underlying horrors of the 'perfect' world he used to be apart of. He gets to finally feel for the 1st time in his life, emotions like happiness & love, but also has to experience all the tragedies of the 'old' world firsthand including emotional & physical pain. It gives you a new appreciation for the freedoms that we take for granted. It helps you to look at things a little differently. The journey that Jonas embarks on is fascinating w/ so many thought-provoking moments along the way. It's touching, humorous at times, & even shocking. All in all, a great book thats worth reading again & again!Pick up this book & get ready to 'think'."
"The Giver is a science fiction novel based on  the future community a boy named Jonas lives in. This is a community  which has gone through sameness, meaning everything is the same. There is no color, no snow, no rain, or even sleet. The weather is always the same. However there is one thing what all the people in the community don't know what really it is.......... RELEASE! They all think that  it is a person who is sent to another community. However it really is when you get killed.  The story really begins when Jonas is picked to be the new reciever of memory at the ceremony of the twelves. The ceremony is kind of like your birthday. You're in a group with all the fifty kids born in the same year. Each December you are promoted to a new age. when you turn twelve your future is decided by the comitee of elders.  Later Jonas meets The Giver and The Giver gives him memories of  all different things. Then he learns of all colors and starts to see them. After he sees what release really is he decides to escape to go elsewhere. Interested, buy the book to find out what happens next."
"I will give ""What Could Go Wrong"" By:Willo Davis Roberts 4 stars.Cause it was a verry intersting,funny,mystery book and the caricter's were always in to mischief.This great book is about 3 cousin's named Gracie,Eddie and Charlie who are in Sea.Tac. Seattle Airport getting ready to go see there Ant in SanFransico.  Charlie had been on a plain lot's of time's so he was a expert.  Gracie and Eddie had never been on a plain,so they where really  excited.They where in the air having fun and anxious to get there.When there was a bomb threat so they had to stop in Portland.They had to get off the plain so they could search it so Eddie, Charlie, and Gracy went walking around.When they found locker's and started opening them.When one poped open and money and a suit case fell out.They decited to take some money and get some thing to eat.They get something to eatand go back to the locker's.Someone is watching them verry closly so they get some more money and walk away as fast as they can.They haven't seen the enemy for a while,but they know he's still folowing them. TO  FIND OUT THE END.YOU HAVE TO READ THE BOOK."
"This is one of the most poignant books I've ever read, and I read it twice when I was in middle school.  This science fiction book for young readers shows the perfect world of the future, and shows the many advantages and disadvantages of both perfect and imperfect worlds.  It chronicles the experience of Jonas, who has lived happily in a perfect futurestic community, until he recieves memories from the giver.  I don't want to give away too much from the book, but basically in an imperfect world there is pain, love, and knowledge.  In a perfect world, there is no pain, no love, and no knowledge.  Jonas starts to challenge many of the qualities of the world and the plot gets pretty exciting as the story advances more and more.  At first I thought it was a little harsh, but I later realized that the message in the book not only touched the mind and heart ofthe reader, but the characters in the book as well.  Both me and my sister enjoyed it.  It's very good overview of the world and life, and it's also a very good book for young readers."
"I read The Giver as a buddy read with my son. I'm trying to get him to read more and I thought me reading a book with him would motivate him more and keep him honest. Lol. But I didn't expect to love it so much.Jonas is twelve. He lives in a society that requires sameness. Also long gone are feelings of rage, despair, love, pleasure... No one can see in color. But everyone is content simply because they don't know any different. Jonas is about to find out the truth. At the Ceremony of the Twelve, Jonas is assigned his job within the community and the job chosen for him is quite special.I thought Lowry did an excellent job creating a visual during Jonas's training. I felt everything Jonas felt. And I couldn't put the book down for wanting to find out what Jonas would do.My only complaint is that it is a take-from-it-what-you-will kind of ending. I really wanted more detail of how things went for Jonas and Gabriel and even for the community from The Giver's pov maybe. I don't know. But I still liked it and it made for a great discussion for my son and I."
"what a joy to read this outstanding fictional book. the giver.I would recommend this book to all ages who have experienced love, loss and joy."
For some reason this was missing from my library. I plan on re-reading it before the movie comes out due to the fact that the movie looks a lot different.
"Before and as I read The Giver, I heard constant compliments and praise on how it is such a fantastic book.  I too agree with most peoples' opinion, for I found it a very well written book along with very interesting; however, I felt the ending to be unsatisfying.  Obviously, the conclusion is meant to be hanging, allowing the reader to use their imagination to predict what could have happened, but it didn't seem to fit the rest of the book.  As I read the book, I enjoyed the great details and could even picture everything as it happened, and to have an ending as it did, I was surprised.  The book shows a glimpse into a world with no memories.  Supposedly this is a `utopia.'  But again, I question this.  Jonas and everyone else live in a world of no memories, knowing nothing of the past, with the exception of Jonas and the giver.  With no memories of the past, the pain and the bad, along with all the good, what leaves them to learn from their mistakes.  Being in a world with no memories to learn from, the world would be chaotic, constantly making the same mistakes over and over again."
"While I can't really write something more erudite and thoughtful than the other reviewers of this book I will add an observation. What really freaked me out about this little novella was the way in which people talked in this future dystopia. The speech is very stifled and over-intellectualized, but at the same time the characters are kind of super in-touch with their feelings when compared to twenty-first century humans. For example, there is this nightly that takes place in the early chapters after the family finished dinner where each family member talks about something that happened that day and how it made them feel. Then, they all analyze the situation, the feelings it produced, and talk about solutions or other aspects that may have been overlooked at first. It's kind of sweet in this quirky Bizzaro World way.Funny thing is, the stilted way the characters talk remind me so much of Kro-bar and Lattis from the movie ""The Lost Skeleton of Cadavara"". It might as well have been set on the Planet Marva. I imagine all of the characters speaking in that cadence and emotional affect."
"Imagine a world with no poverty, no sickness, no criminal intensions, a utopia you could say a perfect world apart from today's violent society. There are no colours, and no love, the community itself is very strict and organized run by a counsel of elders, who decide everything from who will receive a certain role, and one ordinary boy has to bare the incredible burden of being the Receiver of Memories, the most honored and respected job in the community. Jonas is that boy he had to receive personal lessons from The Giver (the previous receiver of memories) learning the truth about the world, digging into the past and Jonas will change his fate and discovers a dark secret that may change his life forever. I thought that this book was just a must read once I started the book I just couldn't put it down. It's like the book catches you in a trance. But the only bad thing about the book was that I thought the book ended too soon, it just jumps from the most climatic part of the story to the end. Overall, it was amazing this book is a must read and out of 5 I would rate it a 4.5 . Jonathan"
"The Giver is good literature because it is full of feelings, full of action and adventure, and has a surprise ending. The Giver is full of feelings because during the novel, the Giver and Jonas can feel things that other people in the community cant. For example, during the story, Jonas feels sad when he sees what his father did to the twin at the Ceremony of Release. This text states, "" Jonas felt a ripping sensation inside himself, the feeling of terrible pain clawing its way forward to emerge in a cry."" The Giver also has a lot of action and adventure. For example, when Jonas tries to calm Gabe down and accidentally transfers the memory of a sailboat to Gabe. Also when Jonas goes through the memory of war, there is a lot of action. The Giver also has a surprise ending. I never would have expected the novel to end with Jonas and Gabe getting lost trying to find the elsewhere they were looking for, but only hear an echo. I would have hoped that in the end Jonas and Gabe would have found the elsewhere and would have started a new life there. The Giver is an example of good literature."
"Jonas lives in a world most people today would not even be able to comprehend but it is all he knows. All his life he has been tought to strive for sameness and always be polite. Jonas follows the rules of the community without question. In the Jonas's community when children turn eleven they are given their jobs. Each of them is closely reviewed and chosen for the job they will have till they enter the house of the old. When Jonas is made the me receiver his world is turned topsy turby.Lois Lowery has done a good job a creating a completely new world that is like nothing I have read before. Some say, however, that young adults which are the intended audience won't be able to grasp all the concepts in this book. I disagree, no the book is not meant for preteens perhaps and might zoom over their heads, but it is a great book for older teens. Other than Jonas the characters in the book end the same way they started but Jonas' changes make up for that. I have read many books both in and out of school and the Giver is like nothing i have read with its new world and hidden messages."
"I read the Giver once back in seventh grade and now I had to read it for my YA literature class. When I first read the book I enjoyed it and that is why I wanted to read it again. I still enjoyed the book and when I read it, it also brought back the memories I had in seventh grade about the book. Jonas lives in a place where everything is perfect and planned out. No one has to decide anything. Jonas worried about the job he would be given when the time comes. Jonas was given his career just like all the other kids his age. Jonas questions his career, all the other kids can't wait to start their careers but Jonas can't share anything about his. Jonas now sees the world differently now because of his career he was given. Jonas can't live in the community that was created for them to live in. He wants to community to experience the things he has. Jonas has the feelings and emotions that no one else has.I enjoyed this book and I think others should read it because it is a different way to look at the world and could you imagine a world with no color, emotions, feelings, or choice."
"I read this after my daughter had read it for school and told me about it. Normally she never recalls the details of the books she reads when she is recounting the plot to me, but this kept her attention and made an impression. Now that I've finished it, I want to discuss it with her and she what she thinks of the themes in the book. She is 11 going on 35 so I already know that she wasn't disturbed by the content, because she already showed exuberance for the story, but she is at a very advanced reading level for her age and her maturity helped her handle the situations that may be alarming for some kids. Personally, I think that this book gives us as parents a chance to discuss more complex topics with our kids to gauge their overall sense of the world, right and wrong and morality without having to bore them with our ""parent-like"" stories. I think parents should read it first if given the opportunity, to see if their own child could handle it."
"Really love the book. But it's very short and stops suddenly. Then book 2 doesn't pick up where it left off so your left ""wondering""."
"I think that overall The Giver was an interesting and suspenceful book.It's interesting in the way that the town is so organized. They get assigned jobs. They can't see color and they get put in a family. They also  have to tell their dreams if they had any. It was a hard book to understand  sometimes like when people got released. It was also hard to understand how  much freedom they don't get.  It was suspenceful in many ways. One  time when they were at the ceremony waiting for their tasks. And another  time when Jonas (a main character) was going to The Giver while wondering  what they meant by pain. And finally, the time when they could never get to  Elsewhere.  One of many lifes lessons that I thought of while reading  was to never give up. When Jonas was biking to Elsewhere he knew not to  give up and that ti was somewhere. I would strongly suggest this book to  anyone over 12 years of age because sometimes it is hard to follow along."
"Lois Lowry has created a book about the future, but unlike other books about the future, this one does more than just talk about huge television sets and weird cars.  Lowry had created a whole new world for her readers;  a world of Sameness; a world where no one can be hurt--except for the  Receiver.  The Receiver has to hold onto all of the memories from the  past--all the wars, all the bloodshed.  But the Receiver also holds onto  all the joys that his Community gave up when they went to Sameness: music,  color, and beautiful weather.  When Jonas is chosen to be the next  Receiver, his normal world is turned up side down.  And to make things  worse, baby Gabriel is about to be killed.  When Jonas leaves the community  with Gabriel, he makes a hard decision.  In this powerful book, Lois Lowry  creates a world where everything is safe and secure--except for one person.  I really enjoyed this book, and I would gladly recommend it to anyone of  any age."
"I read this first at 12 and it has been one of my favourite books ever since. Jonas lives with his parents and sister in a society where everything is strictly ordered. It's safe and everyone knows what to do and how to act in any thinkable situation. The society runs like clockwork. Jonas is turning 12 soon. For the children, every year is marked with a Ceremony. At the Ceremony the transition is marked with new clothes, a bike, new duties etc. for each age group. The Twelves are given their assignment - their job for the rest of their adult life.Jonas' Assignment is a shock to him and to the Community. But he soon learns to cope with it - and with a dangerous new world of feelings, memories, lost freedoms and the consequences of brutal equality. The story follows him through most of his twelfth year, where Jonas' thoughts of his home drastically changes. He grows up fast - and then has to make a choice for himself and for the Community."
"The Good: The story was compelling and the author was able to draw you into the characters. You really began to care about the few ""real"" people in the story. The people who know ""anything"" come alive and you feel the depth of the truly unique and horrible situation they are in. I applaud the perspective on the intrinsic value of human life. The horror felt by the taking of innocent life for the convenience of the community is a breath of fresh air in our society. I love the narration. I listen to quite a few books and quite a few narrators and Ron Rifkin did a first rate job here.The Bad: It seems that the most difficult part of a story to write is the ending. In this case the author simply chose not to write an ending, leaving the decision of what actually happened up to the reader. While on the surface this sounds like a clever intellectually compelling device in practice it just seems like a copout.The Giver"
"I feel as most of the other readers feel, that the book had so much more potential and ended with so many more questions than answers.  I read the book in 2 days and I wondered if there were sequels.  When I went to B&N to find other books by the author, I was surprised to find this book in the children's section.  I knew it was taught in classrooms, but the children's section?  I can't believe that this is appropriate for school children.  Anyway, I did like the book and I feel about it the same as another book I recently read called Everyday.  it is not so much the content of the story but the message that the story holds.  For this book, to me, it meant that to truly experience life we must suffer pain and loss as well as love and joy, because in order to feel love we have to feel ALL emotions.  And love really does trump all.  Imagine what else could have been communicated if the book had delved a little deeper into the characters and plot line."
"In The Giver there is a boy named Jonas. He is eleven year old boy that lives in a world which is made perfect in everyway, no hunger, no pain, on war and no danger. When he turns 12 he is given the most respected job of them all, the Giver. This job consists of holding all of the memories of the people. Through many stages of his training he becomes more mature and relizes what the world is all about....happyness and love. Soon he has to make many vital desicions which change the course of his life.I recomend this book so anyone that is looking for a suspensfully, a sit at the edge kinda story that will stun you more that anything realistically now. I hope you understand this novel and really get to love it. Some times we take things for granite and dont realize it. This book points out what life would be like with having nothing, no emotions and no feelings toward anything.by: spencer hockey"
"With her masterpiece ""The Giver"", Lois Lowry creates a riveting tale about a nightmarish world.  The central character is a young boy named Jonas.  In his world, there is no war or fear or pain or color of any sort.  Upon reaching a certain age, each person is assigned a role or a duty in the community.  The role Jonas is assigned requires that he receive special training from ""the giver"".  The Giver is the only member of the community who contains memories of true pain and pleasure, and he must pass them on to Jonas...Although it may seem cliched, a rip-off of so many sci-fi stories of dystopian worlds, ""The Giver"" separates itself from the pack.  This is a book that transcends generations of readers, so that grandparent and grandchild alike can find enjoyment in its pages.  And perhaps along the way we will learn something about the joys of life and individuality.  Highly recommended.Britt GilletteAuthor of ""Conquest of Paradise"""
This book is wonderful and should be read by all. However it's short length (it seems so) and unsure ending are absolutely maddening!
"In the future life is perfect, or is it? Experience this perfect world through Jonas's experiences as he discovers another side of this perfect world.Jonas lives in a world that is perfect, or so he believes. There is a purpose and a role for everyone community. When Jonas turns 12, he receives his special role.  That role is The Receiver. He will receive from The Giver, all the memories of the true pain and pleasure of life. Jonas will experience the truth of life, unlike the rest of the community.This is an exciting, riveting story. The reader is taken in to a new world where everything is ""nice"" and ""appropriate"". But there is a cost to this perfect world and Jonas after being chosen as ""the Receiver"" finds out just how much the community is really paying. This was a delightful page turner, readers won't be able to put this book down until it is done. Well written.Good for reluctant readers.(...)"
"Lois Lowry uses simple yet compelling language to create a tale about what happens when people trade individuality and choice for safety and security. The society in the Giver isn't truly a dystopian society because the powers that control it don't even know what they are missing because they've eliminated all strong feelings and all differences. Part of what is so good about this story is that the author gives the society both positive and negative elements as well as reminding the reader of the negative consequences of free choice and diversity (loneliness, war, pain etc). I think this a great book for both children and adults because it asks you to think rather than handing you the answers. But I'd recommend the book and not the audio version because although the narrator has a nice voice, he is constantly swallowing and smacking his lips. (Give the man some water, please!). I also really hated the musical undertones."
"This book instantly captured me by portraying a potential future we could quite possibly face. I wanted to know more about this crazy world and I am very pleased with the amount of detail included...at the beginning that is. After Jonas found out about the Release, I was hoping for an incredible climax into a sort of war against his own humanity, but what I got was an extremely rushed ending to a wonderful story. I felt like I wasn't prepared when The Giver and Jonas made their plan, and suddenly Jonas was just gone. And even more quickly they had made it to whoever their destination was, but you don't even get a slight glimpse into what happened to him, the community, his family, or the Giver. I really think the author could have really pushed her genious into this book and continued on (instead of making 3 more somewhat short stories that have nothing to do with the first book). I am left unfulfilled yet wanting more!"
In Middle School this was one of the many books that was on the assigned reading list. It was even better the second time around.
"The Giver is a great book for all ages. It may start off slow but once you get into the book you will really love it. The book is based on Jonas a child that lives in what they call it in the book a ""perfect world"" there is no war, disease, mistakes, or suffering. The community that he lives in strives for ""sameness"" where everything as it says in the word is the same. people look the same, and even act the same. To keep the community in order they assign jobs to children at 12 years old. Jonas' job is the ""Receiver of Memories"" they receive the memories of the community to prevent mistakes that are repeated so it doesn't produce chaos. Only ""The Giver"" can give these memories to Jonas and know how he feels. Lois Lowry creates a masterpiece in creating this divine work of art and this book is a pleasure to read. Also in this book Jonas takes many journeys and is a wonderful book to read."
"The novel The Giver by Lois Lowry is a very good book. The reason why I think this book is so good to read is because it giveslots of good details about the main characters and the community.  Next, in the beginning of  the book I reed that there was a kid named Jonas that always saw  unidentified aircrafts flying over their community  which I didn't think  was so interesting in the first chapter. I think the author should of wrote  different things that would have made the first chapter sound more  interesting because when I reed the first chapter i found it rather boring  but then when I reed more and got to the middle of the book it got more  interesting because it had more action and other stuff.Then When I got to  the end of the book I wanted to read it over and over because it was so  good but I didn't get a chance to. What I really want to know about this  novel is if something really happened like this before."
"When I was in fourth grade, this book was read to me by my English teacher. I liked it then, but couldn't really get into it. I understood it, but I just couldn't grasp the emotions needed to fully enjoy the book. Now,  in the 8th grade, we are reading it for an assignment. I have only 3  words--I LOVE IT!! We were assigned to read 1 chapter each night. I  finished the book in less than 2 days. Once you pick it up, it's glued to  your hands until you finish it, and then the basic idea is glued to your  mind forever. I would recommend this book for anyone over the age of 12 or  13. Anyone under these ages simply would not be able to understand the  content of the book fully. All of the emotions that Jonas is feeling, the  conflict that is brought about by ""sameness""--you HAVE to be able  to understand these concepts to enjoy the book. I strongly recommend this  book. And to Lois Lowry--keep up the great work!"
"I've probably read this book tons of times since I was a child, but I couldn't recite it for you. Every time I read it, it's like I have never read it before. The Giver always feels new and fresh to me. I continue to read it with surprise and heartbreak; and even now I find myself tearing up or down right crying at different parts in the novel. Sometimes I feel that Lois Lowry wrote this masterpiece with me in mind, like it was written just for me.The novel is relatively short and simple to read, but is full of powerful themes and deep meaning. Lowry shows the power of our senses, the importance of memories (good and bad), and the significance of being different. The world in The Giver is supposedly a perfect society, but that doesn't make it a Utopia. I recommend this to anyone and everyone, especially young adults and older children. I believe this book shaped me in some way to be the woman I am today."
"I loved The Giver. I thought it was one of the most insightful and thought-provoking books that I have ever read. What intrigued me the most was the society that Lois Lowry created in this book; a society where everyone and everything is the same. It seems like it would be completely impossible, but is it? Could our government, in the hopes of making life easier for us, slowly turn our society into this one? I don't know the answer, but it's something to think about. I also liked the way she explained the importance of memories. It's true that memories can often be painful, as both the Giver and Jonas experience, but they can also bring joy. In the Elders attempt at making life painless, they also took away that joy. No one in this society really lives, they just go through the motions of life contently, but they aren't really happy. It is memories and the ability to choose that make life worth living."
"This book is not your average teen dystopian book. This was the first dystopian book before dystopian books became the subject of nearly all teenage books.There are no vampires, zombies, great destruction. Simply put, this book has a great morale subject, set in a time when, and there always are, society is taking individualism from our control. It also teaches that it CAN take only One Person to stop the many.I recommend this book to anyone who believes that they are just a mere dot in a world of millions. This is proof that if you feel insignificant, ONE PERSON CAN CHANGE THE WORLD. Let us just trust that that person can make it a better world.Truly insightful. I remember seeing this book in high school, but not really wanting to read it. I am glad I have now had the chance to finally check it off my list.I didn't really know what to expect from this book. Turns out, my expectations were not disappointed."
"My ten year old daughter and I loved reading this book together and talking about the theme of a society without pain and suffering.  This review is from both of us.  After the first few chapters gave us the context, the story became very interesting when Jonas' number got skipped at the ceremony.  The rest of the book was fascinating to learn and discover along with Jonas in his new assignment as the Keeper of the Memories.  What we learned:  While it is nice to be comfortable and have fun, we are able to appreciate why it is necessary to have the challenges that bother us in life.  Learning from history and from other people's suffering can help us with decisions when we come up to a similar challenge.  If we do not have any of our own experiences and our own memories, we are not able to have empathy and make good choices.  This gives us a framework of morality that makes a better society.  When our actions are manipulated our agency is stolen."
"Stephen  Gambardella  2/5/07  THE GIVERThe Giver is good literature because there is lots of description, lots of interesting details, and full of adventure and action. There is lots of description because they described every single part of how Jonas' dad released the baby. Lois Lowry even had Larissa describe all the parts of Robert's release ceremony. There were lots of interesting details because an apple changed in the air and of where the released people go.  The article states, ""His father loaded the carton containing the body into the chute and gave it a shove."" It was full of adventure and action because a lot of planes were looking for Jonas. It was adventurous because every time the planes came around Jonas had to hide and use a memory. He could of messed up easily. The Giver was good literature because there is lots of description, lots of interesting details, and full of adventure and action."
"In the story a child is going into adulthood faster than most people. For twelve years the main character, Jonas, will grow up in what they call a perfect world. This perfect world has no colour , feelings or pain.  When Jonas is twelve he is picked to be the new reciver of memories. For a long year after he is twelve the Giver will transmit to him all of the memories they are missing. Jonas finds out what a lonely world he is living in , so he and the Giver make a plan to...I am not going to tell you the end if you want to know read the book. My rating*** I give this book three stars because I don't like books that do not have an ending that tells you what happens. So the story line was really good in this book but did not tell me what I wanted to know. The other thing that bugs me is that it tells you that they don't have  colour and weather but they do not tell you how they got rid of it.Becky Holden mr.C's grade 7 class"
"The Giver has now become my #1 favorite book. It's full of cliff hangers. It's the type of book once you start it you'll never put it down. It's about a boy who lives in a completely ruled world. Jonas was 12 years old when he got selected for a job in his cummunity,(Every child in the cummunity, once 12 are assighned jobs.) It seems like the pressure of the world is on his shoulders, you'll see why once you read it! We'll, the one who was selected his job to serve the cummunity before him so called"" failed."" So this is the story; He has been given special training by the Giver, who has secrets of the pain of life, which Jonas has never even known of. The things that he knew were of the joys of life, he gets much more of that from the Giver and gets to know and develop feelings of love, sadness ,and hertfullness. The Giver shares the real truth with him and there's know turning back, even shutting out his family ........................"
"The Giver has now become my #1 favorite book. It's full of cliff hangers. It's the type of book once you start it you'll never put it down. It's about a boy who lives in a completely ruled world. Jonas was 12 years old when he got selected for a job in his cummunity,(Every child in the cummunity, once 12 are assighned jobs.) It seems like the pressure of the world is on his shoulders, you'll see why once you read it! We'll, the one who was selected his job to serve the cummunity before him so called"" failed."" So this is the story; He has been given special training by the Giver, who has secrets of the pain of life, which Jonas has never even known of. The things that he knew were of the joys of life, he gets much more of that from the Giver and gets to know and develop feelings of love, sadness ,and hertfullness. The Giver shares the real truth with him and there's know turning back, even shutting out his family ........................"
"This book had a good plot. However, the author didn't do an exceptional job describing the communist-like enviorment. In the ""community"", where the story is set, everyone works for the good of the community. In  this so-called perfect world which Lois Lowry has set the story, everyone  is the same. Jonas, the main character in the story, gets his role in the  community at the age of twelve along with all of the other children his  age. He gets the role of reciever meaning he gets memories from the Giver.  No one else in the community has the  memories. As the plot thickens, Jonas  tried to leave the community so that in turn the rest of the community will  receive the memories. I disliked this book since it doesn't relate to our  lives and the community is a fantasy world that we won't ever experience.  The author also left out a lot of essential parts of the story including an  introduction and an ending! Parts of the story were vague."
"Everyone talks about how they want a ""perfect world."" The Giver centers around just that. But, it isn't what you think it is. This ""perfect world"" is nothing more than a prison where conformity is the golden rule. I happen to like the ending. It give room for you to think, instead of forcing on an ending to such a mind-boggling thing. There is an article out where the author, Lois Lowry, explans why her ending is like it is. She wanted people to form their own ideas and if she had given a definite one, there wouldn't be discussions about it. About writing a sequel: She feels that since some people feel that Jonas dies on the hill (there's this stage before you freeze to death that you see things and fall into a dreamlike state). There wouldn't be a sequal because he's dead. Btw, I'm one of those people that feel Jonas dies. It just seems like a tragic ending and you just gotta love those. And it's the only one that seems realistic to the story."
"This book is great for everyone with a wild imagination. I would  deffinatly recomed this to everyone. I really enjoyed this book, in the  story there is a place where everything is the same. Everyones dissions are  made for them. How to cut your hair, when to ride a bike, and even what job  you will have. The best part of the book is towards the end when Jonas is  on his way to find a differet place and things start to happen to him, such  as starting to see color. It really gets exciting aroud there. The begining  of the book is a little slow, which gets boring, but it soon speeds up, and  unusualthings start to happen. In the book Jonas is chosen to be the  reciver of memories. He is lead and tought by an old man know as the Giver.  Jonas comes to realize how different the world is. He can not adjust to the  new things he finds, and has a hard time serviving. This book paints  pictures in your mind. I would recomend The Giver to everyone."
"Lois Lowry's well worn little book is an important read for young readers and their parents. I came to it at 60, and I'm glad I did."
One of the most thought provoking books I have read. Leaving the ending Up in the air makes for some good discussions among readers.
"I give this story 5 stars, but this version of the book zero stars. Which, I figure, averages out to two.This is one of my favorite books, and I've read it several times. IT IS AMAZING.I was so excited to see the gift edition. However, the illustrations in this version basically ruin some of the plot twists in the book. It was ok for me, since I had read this book before, but I was very disappointed that this version could be ruining the story for others. Also, before buying it for myself, I'd *almost* bought this version for a friend who had never read it before. SO GLAD I didn't. I would have been LIVID to find out that this version had ruined the book for him.The only plus side to this version is that it does include an interview with Lois Lowry. Which is cool if you've read the book before and want to hear from her. But otherwise, seriously, just buy the original version."
"This was a very, very good book.  While it's great for 5-6th graders, I wouldn't hesitate to use it with even high school age kids.  It's a very interesting commentary on human existence and what if we lived in a world with no choices, no decisions were ours to be made, a world of ""sameness"".  While the community in the book is perhaps at the extreme end of the spectrum it does in some ways parallel the lives that some live in other parts of world.  The book makes you appreciate the fact that you do have free choice and that your life is your own to do with as you like, albeit within the realm of the law. The book makes for an interesting discussion about communism, life, and the human condition.  It was a very powerful book and it really made you think.  I couldn't put it down!  I highly recommend this book to any teacher as a read-aloud with their classes or for any middle school/high school teacher as well."
"Lois Lowry tells an amazing story about a young boy called Jonas who lives in a world where everything is under control. Everything is planned out for everyone and if someone breaks a rule, he ""gets released"" from the community. On the day of the big ""Ceremony of Twelve"", Jonas is selected to be the next 'Receiver of Memories' - the person who gathers the memories of the past. This job includes pain, sorrow, and happiness. Jonas realizes that the world he lives in is not as great as everybody thought.'The Giver' gives an important message to the reader: Living in a world where there is independence and choices is better than living in a world where everything seems to be perfect.The exceptional feature of this story is that everything is written as easy as possible and sometimes you get the impression that it is just fun but this book is one of those with the highest level of hidden social critism."
"The book is ok and might have been groundbreaking in the 90's but it's not something that hasn't been seen 100 times before.  Totalitarian state...no emotions allowed...one kid bucks the system yadda yadda yadda.  A cool twist is that no one can see colors or hear music except for our main character and the Giver.  Think of the giver as a record keeper who holds the memories of the past and doesn't have to conform to the norms of society.  He lives alone, can read literature others are not privy to, and pretty much keeps to himself.  The main character is his successor and 'learns' the past that no one has access to or memories of in order to help society function as a whole in case something unique arises.  So eventually the kid has enough and...well you see when you read it NO SPOILERS!!!  If I read this 20 years ago I would've thought much more of this book, also I have no intention of reading the sequels."
"Jonas is a young boy who is twelve years of age. Jonas lives in an utopian society where everything has the characteristic of being the same. The Elders of the community, who act as dictators, assign Jonas the position The Receiver. Jonas is instructed to receive memories of ancient civilizations from The Giver. Jonas receives memories of pain, love, hunger, war, color, and fear. These things have never been felt by Jonas or anyone except The Giver before. Upon realizing that he is living in a wonderland of sameness, Jonas plots to run away from the community in hopes of arriving at at place where ""real"" life exists. Enduring through the hard journey of escape, Jonas experinces these feelings first hand. Lois Lowery does a fantastic job of illustrating a world with no feelings. The Giver flows smoothly and is a easy reader but beware, after reading it you will never look at the feelings we have the same way."
"Jonas is a young boy who is twelve years of age. Jonas lives in an utopian society where everything has the characteristic of being the same. The Elders of the community, who act as dictators, assign Jonas the position The Receiver. Jonas is instructed to receive memories of ancient civilizations from The Giver. Jonas receives memories of pain, love, hunger, war, color, and fear. These things have never been felt by Jonas or anyone except The Giver before. Upon realizing that he is living in a wonderland of sameness, Jonas plots to run away from the community in hopes of arriving at at place where ""real"" life exists. Enduring through the hard journey of escape, Jonas experinces these feelings first hand. Lois Lowery does a fantastic job of illustrating a world with no feelings. The Giver flows smoothly and is a easy reader but beware, after reading it you will never look at the feelings we have the same way."
"I have just finished reading 'THE GIVER'. And I think, in general, that books with open ends are the best. When I read the first three chapters I wasn't very eager to read this book until its end. But I had to (because it was part of our English lessons). I would have missed reading a fascinating book if I didn't read it. From chapter 7 on, I think, I began to like this book because the community had a so different way of life. There is 'Sameness' allover the community, but one little Eleven has the opportunity to change it, to change his robot-life into a real life worth living. A life full of colors, feelings and nature. With his will he'll achieve his aim. He'll achieve a different life for him and the 'newchild' Gabriel, using the memories he got from The Giver. But HOW he achieves his aim is let by the reader's fantasy.  PS: I apologize for my mistakes. I'm just a 16-year-old student from Germany... ;-)"
"The Giver, is a great book, about a twelve year old boy named Jonas. Jonas lives in a utopian society where everyday activates are all characterized by sameness. In the community there is no such thing as pain and there is no fear, no hunger, and no war.  In a community empowered by The Elders, Jonas is assigned to be the next Receiver. The Receiver's job is to receive ancient memories of old civilizations from The Giver. The memories include war, pain, hurt, hunger, and love. The memories of these feelings have never been experienced before by Jonas. Jonas divises a plot to escape the community and travel to a place where ""real"" life exists. The Giver is a great book that will keep your attention. It is hard to understand a world without these feelings, but Lois Lowery does a great job illustrating what it would be like.  She also gives you a greater appreciation of the feelings that we experience in life."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is about a boy named Jonas. Jonas lives in a perfect word where everything is under control. His father's job is Nurturer (he takes care of babis before they go to thier family unit at the age of 1), and he brings home a baby named Gabe.  When Jonas becomes a 12, he gets assigbed a job. A job with honor, but no power. He will be the new Reciever. When he gets his instructions, they strike him as odd; ""you may lie"". He will be trained by the previous Reciever, now known as the Giver. When he goes to recieve his training, he sees things that he has never seen before, like snow, a sled, and colors. He also sees pain and suffering. He and the Giver make a plan for Jonas to escape, with a certain baby named Gabe...  I reccomend The Giver to anybody. It gives you a good sense of setting. It is good for any age of people. It is a really good book!"
"by:  Anita LeeThis book leaves you breathless, excited and curious. An 11-year-old boy named Jonas lives in a strange and mysterious community. When Jonas turns 12, he must find his profession. However, he did not find his profession, instead it was chosen by the chief of the community. The job that Jonas was chosen for was to be the "" Receiver of memories"".  Jonas was surprised and amazed that he was assigned a job that held so much responsibility. ""The Giver"" maintained this extraordinary job. Nobody knew that Jonas's job would have such a big affect on his life.  It opened his eyes to the truth about his community. Fire glowed in his eyes as he saw the memory of the releasements (killings) of the elderly and the kids. How the book ends leaves you in thought and curiosity. I recommend this book to everyone because it is absolutely breathtaking."
"This book really left me thinking and happy that our life's aren't restricted like the life's in this book. It's great that people really are happy and don't know about hurting, love and sadness but that's what makes us human. I am happy that Jonas decides that what the community is restricting isn't the right way to leave. He has amazing courage to go against everything he knows to try to make a difference. I like being able to have freedom to choose,to love, to think and see vivid colors. It is sad that there are Countries out there that restrict births, rights and freedom. This book has similarities like Divergent. So if you love books that keep you thinking and challenge you then this is the book for you. Can't wait to go see this movie this coming weekend. Thanks Lois for making a book that has many controversies. Not too many people cross those boundaries. I highly recommend you read this book."
"The book may start off slow but if you like those ""Brave New World"" type books this one is a keeper.  The story centers on a ""perfect"" society where there is no pain, hunger, unemployment,  or love, and emotions. If a Group of Elders sees anything as obsolete,  getting in the way, they get rid of it. A twelve year old boy is given the  job as ""Reciever of Memories"" and is supposed to keep the  knowledge of the world to himself so no one will ever question the way  things are.  But when he finds out the truth he and the Giver, the one who  gives him the memories, form a plan to release the memories back to the  population.  While I won't give away major plot points to this story, I  will say that I found some of the images disturbing.  ""Brave New  World"" and ""1984"" are better books but this one is the best  Utopian/distopian books I've read in a while."
"I pretty well said it all in my other reviews.  My son loves this author and one day when I read the books I will too, I sure."
This book arrived on time and was great me and my daughters read it over the weekend.  Can't wait for the second in the series
I would recommend this to anyone even adults.  I have heard adults say they thought it was fantastic.  I give it Two thumbs up
"Twelve year old Jonas is chosen to be the community's Receiver of  memories. His job is  taking care of retaining all the messy stuff such as  emotions, mistakes, pain. However, at the same time Jonas learns about  ordinary things like color, snow, mountains and more.  One of the most  painful things he learned was what ""released"" meant in his  society, which was death. Once Jonas realized the dark secrets behind his  community he decided to free himself. Jonas set of on a journey to find the  other world where feelings and color and all the other beautiful things  about life exist. I personal loved this book. It made me appreciate what I  have today and made me think about what it would be like living in a  perfect society. While reading the book I was able to realize how  depressing and dull a society like that is, but I still recommend people to  read it. It will really make you think!"
"I wasn't sure what to expect from these books and really only started to read them because I heard about the film ( though I  have not seen it). I thought the concept and the storyline were interesting and I enjoyed the book. I went on to read the other three books in the series and was left feeling a little confused. The books don't really explain why there are different communities in different stages of development. The first book details a community that is technologically very advanced, the second book a community verging on medieval the third and fourth books on bringing the characters together in a different community but you don't really understand (or at least I didn't) why these communities existed in such varying degrees of development and why. The books were interesting and I did enjoy them but they left me feeling as though the were slightly underdeveloped. They could have been more"
"The Giver by Lois Lowry was an excellent, powerful book.  When I first saw it, I thought it sounded kind of strange, but since a lot of my friends liked it, I thought I'd give it a try. (Actually, one of my friends thought  it was disturbing.)  I picked it up, and after a few pages, I was hooked.  It really shows in detail the sharp contrast between our society and a  perfect world or ""Community.""  The details were great also, and  they added to the clear picture I got of the story.  I could really feel  the cold snow blowing against Jonas's face in his first Memory.  The book  had a good meaning, but parts of it were disturbing.  I won't mention them  because I don't want to give it away, but I definitely recommend this book  to anyone who likes a good story that makes you really think about life.  Kudos to the author, Lois Lowry, for creating such a spectacular work of  literature!"
"In a rigidly-ordered, peaceful society, one boy is selected for a career that defies social rules. A brief, sparse, info-dumping, concept-laden, memorable book--I was surprised by how well I remembered The Giver, having read it last as a teenager. The world is memorable, but the way the text reveals it is moreso: even in reread, the truth behind the apple and the released twin have tension and impact. But the book is more interesting than it is good; it's short and leaves threads dangling (there are sequels, but I haven't read them), and the entire book--cast and worldbuilding included--is simplistic and heavy-handed, however good the intentions. I'm not surprised to want more from The Giver--refinement, development, the knowledge of how Jonas changes his community and how this effects the wider world--but I am surprised by The Giver's level of artistry: what is done well leaves a lasting mark."
"This is one of the best books I've ever read. I love it when ""Young Adult"" authors can capture any reader by using ageless themes, descriptive writing, and strong characters. Rowling does this well, and now I've discovered Lowry. In The Giver, she explores the pain and pleasure of growing up, expressing TRUE feelings, LIVING life, and the special bond of family. These themes make it perfect for older children around 11 or 12. The protagonist's age is also in this range. However, Lowry speaks to any age reader in this powerful scenario of a future society bereft of choice, variety, and authentic emotions. My wheels were turning all throughout the book as Lowry only gives a bit of information at a time about the Community in which the characters live. But the end of the book really got me thinking and wanting to talk with others who have read it. In my opinion, THAT is the mark of a great book."
"The Giver is a good example of showing that nothing can ever reach perfection. Imperfection is a part of life that we have to get used to living with. It is not a thing that can just be taken away in the snap of a finger. In this novel they have created an atmosphere where problems are non-existing. They do not know how to deal with conflict if they were ever faced with it. Jonas lived a blind life. He did not know the things that had to be done to have the life that he lives. Once he woke up to the realization that this ""perfect"" place he lived in was far from perfect he knew he had to escape. He did not agree with the way of life in his community.The Giver helped him open his eyes to see the true colors of this world. It was indeed a sad life to live. This was a place of not action everything was the same everyday. There was no adventure what so ever. Happiness and love were non existing as well."
"Although the concept and the story telling are excellent, the ending is abrupt. The author leaves the reader with a question mark. Is there music in Elsewhere or is the sound an echo from a better place? Were the old ways being questioned or is there nowhere that creativity and emotion truly exist? By creating a society or community where everything to do and to say are planned and expected, the author has struck a nerve about what could happen when everything is planned for an individual--- speech, food, shelter, and emotions. By making everything so organized that no one needs to feel anything, the writer has clearly and brilliantly shown through the story of the boy and the baby that people must feel for each other. The story emphasizes the blandness of a sterile society, where every inconvenience has been resolved. It's a wake-up message about what really matters. People forget how valuable freedom is."
"I read this book for my English lesson at school and although I thought it would be very difficult to understand and maybe boring, it wasn't. It was exactly the opposite of what I had thought. It is a very interesting book written with lots of fantasy without becoming a children's book. Well, maybe children would also like the book, but I'm actually 15 and I liked it very much. It is about a community that tries to be perfect, it is isolated and The Elders (the leaders)give many rules to make the community as perfect as possible. I won't tell you anything more about the plot, because I think you should read the book and see what it is about by your own. I rated the book with 4 stars, because although I find it very interesting and not difficult to understand, I think some things could be better, like the end, for example. I can tell you one thing for sure: Once you start to read it, you can't put it down."
"This book is really great for people that think about things in a different way then most people would. I think this book would be pretty confusing for smaller children. The first time I read it, I  was even sort  of confused! It is about a world where everything is the same. There is a  special commitee that makes all of the choices for the people. They choose  the people's occupation, spouse, children and other things. In the  community is a boy named Jonas. When it is his time to recieve what job he  will take on he recives the one called ""The Reciever"" The  reciever is the one person in the community that has memories of all the  things of our world. When Jonas learns the truth of things, he decides to  put things right in his community.  This is a very interesting book that  really makes you think of things in a totally different light. I hope you  enjoy ""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry."
"This book is really great for people that think about things in a different way then most people would. I think this book would be pretty confusing for smaller children. The first time I read it, I  was even sort  of confused! It is about a world where everything is the same. There is a  special commitee that makes all of the choices for the people. They choose  the people's occupation, spouse, children and other things. In the  community is a boy named Jonas. When it is his time to recieve what job he  will take on he recives the one called ""The Reciever"" The  reciever is the one person in the community that has memories of all the  things of our world. When Jonas learns the truth of things, he decides to  put things right in his community.  This is a very interesting book that  really makes you think of things in a totally different light. I hope you  enjoy ""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry."
"At the end of this school year, our last novel we read was The Giver. We had to read it for our 'Futuristic' or 'Science Fiction' unit. As our teacher explained it, we all dreaded reading this. The first few chapters made us ALL more interested. Just reading about a 'Perfect' world made Jonas' lifestyle desirable by all of us. Yet, as the book progresses, we just slightly find out more about his life. Jonas lives a pretty normal life..in  his world until his 12th Year Ceremony. He gets selected...as the NEXT Giver! As of that moment he is in training...and his whole life will change. There is no violence, love, pain, and other things.  Not to give away too much, the book gives the definition of Perfection in Life. Something we will probably never accomplish. Read it, and journey through Jonas' life and community. Keep it in mind that it his world is PERFECT, and most of the time perfect isnt that good..."
"The Giver was a well written book. You Could not guess what was going to happen next. I have not read many books that are insteresting most of the way through.  The book kept saying people get released and go to Elswhere so you think they go.  Actually they are killed. Though in the book every thing happens the same way except for the memories,and when Jonas ran away. They had their own story line.  The only part that I thought was bad was the ending. Personally I thought it was just plain dumb. They were going down a hill and Jonas heard music and it just stopped. To me you don't just stop an ending like that if you are not going to write a second book. She could  at least have told whether he made it or not. Except for that, the ending was good. She described it well and left you in a lot of suspense. The end was the only part I thought was half bad.That's what I thought about The Giver.7.3EC"
"The Giver is an intriguing story about a possible futuristic utopian society - a ""perfect world"" in which there is no pain, sadness, or discontent. One man in the community, the Giver, receives all the memories  - pleasant and unpleasant - of the entire community. Jonas, a young boy, is  assigned the position of Giver and begins to experience the memories of  thousands other people. Jonas, having experienced life out of the perfect  society, begins to realize the utopia is not as wonderful as it may have  seemed; while the citizens do not experience pain or sadness, they do not  experience color, or music, or any true pleasant feelings. Learning more,  Jonas sees the truth behind the utopian society: people are just slaves to  their ignorance and cannot think for themselves. Jonas decides that the  only way he can free the citizens is to run away from the community,  releasing the memories of the past."
"I enjoyed reading the novel The Giver because it had sevral excellent ideas to show how familys should learn diffrent skills to help them later in life.  One great thing about the novel was the annual ceremonies of  twelve. The ceremony was an important event that begin at the age of one  and ended at twelve. At the age of twelve the children recied their first  assignment as a reciever. I think this is a great idea so that when they  get older they can decide on a career that they can handle.  Also, the  family had family rituals where they would share their dreams and  ideas.They shared their family rituals everyday.Some children had good  dreams and others had terrible dreams They shared dreams everyday so if  there were a problem about a dream the family can help solve it. I think  that dream sharing is a great idea.  I think the novel The Giver was a  very excellent novel. I had sevral good ideas."
"- - Personal Background - -Back in Middle School (Jr. High), my English Teacher told me to read this book.  I didn't.  Years later, I'm a Computer Teacher and our school requires us to have a time for reading, too.  My class read ""Anthem"" by Ayn Rand.  That book reminded me of this one.  So, I bought it and read it for my self.- - The Book - -It is obscurely apparent that this is a post apocalyptic Utopia.  Good story all the way through...- - The Ending - -At first, I thought that there may be an error. Nope. Sequel to the cliffhanger?  Not that either. According to the author, the ending is up to us...  I bought the book because I wanted entertainment... because I don't have the discipline to write one myself.  Think of it like the ""Soprano"" grand finale.  Intentionally left blank.- - Final Thoughts - -Before I tell you whether you should read it or not, let me explain it as follows."
This book was not what I expected at all. It made me think. My son really enjoyed the book as well. I really liked this book.
This is great for kids who are in middle school.  I read this book in high school and i would definitely recommend this book!
"Lois Lowry's, ""The Giver"", is the best book that I have read in a long time!  I couldn't put it down and I read it in less than a day!  It is thought provoking and original!In our world of war and contention it is a major eye opener to see a picture of what could happen if we became overzealous in our efforts to ""purify"" our world from the affects of pain and suffering.  This is a great example of the consequences that come from trying too hard to completely separate ourselves from the sometimes-horrifying world we live in.This is a book that I will read over and over again.  I would recommend this book to anyone for a class project or a plain ol' good read.  If you haven't read ""The Giver"", then you are missing out!  Run as fast as you can to the nearest bookstore or log on to the first website you can find and purchase this book.  You won't regret it!"
"This is a fasinating and wonderful book that should be read and loved by everyone. I read quite a few of the reviews, and was appaled!  To think that someone could say that one should save their money and read a classic is HORRIFIC. This book by some is considered a classic. This book leaves a  lasting but good impression. This book was an insight to another culture,  real or not, and that is very valuable. I am in 8th grade and just read  __The Giver__for the second time( I read it in 4th grade and have been  meaning to read it ever since.) This time, though I understood it the first  time, I really grasped it the second time around and picked up  little  things that I didn't the first which changed the whole picture only  slightly, but made the book seem different, and if possible--even better. I  could probaly read this book fifty times and still discover new things, as  I probably will."
"This book, The Giver, is a pretty ok book I guess. In some parts you get confused because Lois Lowry didnt really explain it that well. In some chapters it made me want to think ahead of what was going to happen next. In the beginning the book was pretty boring. However it was ok later on.  This book makes you think of your own pictures in your head. Some things in the book shocked  me like Jonas recieved  memories and the punishment Babies and the Old's got.  This book has very good vocabulary words, that some of them you have to look up while your reading ( unless you know the word) i recomened this book for kids starting from the age 12. Even so in that age, you will get confused a little. Lowry says something doesnt exist like war and the weapons, but later on it says that Asher and other friends were playing with imaginary ""WEAPONS"". Overall this book is very interesting..."
"This book was AMAZING! It definitely makes you think about what the world is coming to. I stayed up until 10 (on a school night) to finish it. I was so tired when I got to the end I didn't get it at all, and was barely paying attention. The next day at school I brought it with me to ask my friend about it, because she recommened it to me. I told her I didn't get the end and she tried to explain it. My response: ""huh? I don't remember that."" So she dragged me over to my desk and pushed me down itno my seat and shoved the book under my nose. ""Read!"" she commanded. So I read the last few pages and was in total tears. Everyone was asking me what was wrong but I couldn't stop crying long enough to answer. No one knows exactly what happened, but if what I think happened happened, this is a very sad but still very good book."
"I sure hope this doesn't happen in our society.  The freedom of choice was taken away.  We need opposition in all things so that we have the opportunity to make choices, whether they be good choices or bad choices.  Along with choices there are consequences.  We cannot change the consequences of our choices.  I enjoyed the book; it made me realize how blessed I am to live in a free society.  Yes, there are many things that are bad in the world, but there are many good people in the world who are making good choices.  They know what it feels liked to love and be loved.  They experience contentment, joy, and happiness, even in an imperfect world.  This world was created for a purpose.  We are here to choose right or wrong.  Our choices in this world determine where we will be in the next.  We were given the freedom of choice to be tested.  The Giver should be required reading for everyone!"
"A ""Brave New World"" for the junior set, ""The Giver"" tells the story of a young boy who is forced to choose between living in a utopia or gaining knowledge at the price of pain and disillusionment from the people he loves. Of course, all is not ""perfect"" in the boy's world, but its inhabitants live free of uncertainty. If pain or fear are felt, it is only very briefly, there is always something to alleviate them.Had he not been chosen as his community's ""Receiver"" the main character might have gone on living forever unaware of the sacrifices his people have made in order to gain this painless world. How he comes to terms with what he has been ""missing"" and journeys toward a deeper understanding, is the main plot of this book.The ending will make you feel as if you've been dropped off a cliff, but the next two books in this trilogy will tell you what becomes of this character."
The characters were well developed and I enjoyed this book better than I did in eighth grade. I can't wait to see the movie.
I found this story to be both too short and lacking an ending.  I thought my kindle was giving me trouble but obviously not.
"I find that some books are entertaining, easy to read, one's to look forward to in the evening before bed. Other books are memorable, or have some parts that just come back to my mind long after I finished them. I'll give The Giver three stars for having a hint of both qualities, mostly by being well written, having a beauty in it's flow of words, if not by plot line, or depth of characters. The central theme is a simple given to anyone reading the back cover, so know that the book is going to spend it's time getting you thinking from many angles about that tension between stability, security and peace, in contrast to imperfections in life. I save my 4 and 5 stars for books that will stay with me for life, in part or in whole. This one gets 3 stars as almost there, perhaps from my being older already, and this being one of those books best read when a teenager, in formative years."
"The Giver is a pretty good book. It had exciting parts in it. It is about a community that has no color or pain. Everyone is equal there except the Giver and Jonas. They have to experience pain and suffering. Then one day they think of a good plan. Jonas leaves so that the community can experience the pain and memories. Jonas found out what they did when people got releast. He was horrified when he found out that they were killed with a poision. He didn't want that to happen to the baby that lived with him till it wouldn't cry during the night. So when Jonas left the community, he took the baby with him. He pedalled for days and days. Sometimes he had to hide from jet-planes that flew overhead looking for him. He pedalled till it snowed and finally reached a place called Elsewhere where no one ever went to before. The ending kind of leaves you hanging. But it is still a good book."
"This book should be manditory reading in every school in the country. Not only is the story gripping, especially after you figure out what is going on, but the questions it raises are extremely thought-provoking. This book explores some of the great issues of what it means to be human - emotion, choice, free will, pain, and many other topics. She explores questions such as ""what does it mean to have free will?"" and ""what does it mean to make individual choices?"" Also explored are ideas such as abortion, euthanasia, collectivism vs. individualism, utopia, etc. Not only a gripping novel, but an extremely timely one as well. If you haven't read this book yet, please do so; you won't regret it. It is both entertaining and challenging, and has forced me to examine many issues in a more critical way. This book may change your thinking and will definitly challenge you in many key areas."
"Very Good Book that kept my interest, it was a fast read, and it had a very interesting ending. I Really enjoyed this book."
I thought this was a really good book. I thought it wouldn't be that good when I saw it. Now that I have read and I love it
"When reading the giver for the first time I found it to be strange and not all that enjoyable, but after reading it for a second time I found that I noticed things that I hadn't noticed before.Some of the things that I noticed the second time around was that all of the characters except Jonas and the Giver see in black and white.  There were other things That I found out along the way but you'll just have to read it and find out what they were.All around I would recommend this book to anybody who reads.  It's a book for all ages and is enjoyable and entertaining.  I also found that the book made me think about things that I use to take for granted like my freedom to be who I want to be, and act the way that I want to act.  It's a definite got to read for anyone who's living in the world today and feels like they are just one person in a crowd."
"The Giver was a fantastic novel but mysterious at the same time.  If you like fanstasy, then you will love this book and you won't be able to put it down.  It is extremely confusing in the first 3-4 chapters, but at one point it all start to come together.  This wonderful book follows the adventures of Jonas in his strict community, while leading up to the ceremony that will change his life forever, by deciding his profession.  Then, he meets The Giverwho trains him every day after school.  He must report straight home every night after training and is strictly prohibited to any recreation time with his friends after that.  He is not allowed to speak of his training, and he starts to fall apart emotionally.  But then, him and The Giver come up with a daring plan.  One wrong move and Jonas could be in great danger.  There is no turning back now.By: Mackenzie F. 7R"
"I recently reread The Giver after seeing the trailers for the film adaptation. I originally read it when I was in junior high, and some of the scenes I saw in the trailers utterly confused me. Although I remember being disenchanted with the book, I decided it was a quick enough reread by the pool to address my confusion. Now I am no longer confused by what I saw in the trailer, although I still remain disenchanted with the story over a decade later.I appreciate the story more now that I'm in my twenties rather than preteen years, but my complaints surrounding the ending and overall superficiality of the story remain. I am surprised to learn that it is a quartet (I guess my disenchantment led me to ignore all new works of Lowry- sorry), and since I can read them all through my free trial of Kindle Unlimited, I hope I will finally find out where/how this story ends."
"I bought this book for my 12 year old daughter for school assignment. She was so into this book. i havent had the chance to read it but was able to here it from her in detail, chapter by chapter. I read reviews on how some parents feel this story wasn't appropriate for their children. I think keeping an open mind, listening, interacting with your childs thoughts and a wonderful teacher to help through the book has made it a positive time with me and my daughter. We have had a difference of opinions throughout this book so now I get to read it and she gets to help me go through the story. I am glad I chose not to read the book first. With a daughter of this age and myself not being able to encourage reading (which she has started to lose interest in) this story has opened her mind and has purchased a book outside the reading outline to read. I am very grateful to Lois Lowry."
"Hi, my name is Andrew Tucker and I'm in the 7th grade at Cadillac Middle School.  My class just finished the book, The Giver. I thought the book was very well written with a lot of detail. My favorite part of the book was when you described the memory of snow. I liked the way you described it using words like: crisp and cool.  As I read further into the book the more I wanted to read it. I thought the part were he is at the ceromony of twelve and gets his assignment was a good part because you didn't know what was going to happen. Toward the middle of the book you started to see that his world was very diffrent from ours.  I think you should write a sequel to The Giver because at the end of the book it just left you sitting there thinking about what could happen. I guess that is good because you can use your imagination.  I think that this book deserved the Newberry Medal."
must book ever i read this for a book group my friends and i thought the community was full of cannoballs . best series ever
"** spoiler alert **I may revisit my rating later. Right now I will go with 3 1/2 stars.Great writing. Finished it in one sitting.Once I was done I realized that this is really just a simplified and shallower YA version of the thoroughly devastating masterpiece 1984. We are spoon fed the message through ""the Giver"" who is a teacher figure speaking directly to the protagonist and the audience.However the whole message is rather muddy in the end--very different from 1984 which pulls no punches when Orwell writes ""If you want to picture the future, picture a boot stomping on a human face--forever.""I also found the whole societal set up and total absence of explanation for many key elements (eg. how do you make a whole society color blind, or even why?) annoying as it came off to me as a plot device to make a point."
"I thought this book was awesome. I really liked it. My favorite part was when Jonas received the memory of love. I also liked the way the aurthor used forshadowing in this novel. So that every part of the story had a reason for being there. In my own opinion the saddest part in the story was the releasing of the twin and Jonas saw the real meaning of being released. The reason I thought that this book desearved 4 stars was beacause when Jonas fled to elsewhere they didn't tell us what happened when he got there. But if they had the the story would have gone on forever. I beleive that the aurthor of this book has a great talent be cause when I read this book I realized that life is so much more. If we didn't have pain then we wouldn't have strength, and even though love may hurt sometimes it is great to have loved someone at all. So thank you Lois Lowry for this wonderful novel."
"I really liked the novel ""The Giver"". I always kept you thinking about Jonas and his world. Jonas lives in a Utopia where there are no choices, differences, or memories. When he is given a highly respected job, he learns the truth about how communities just like ours really live. While reading this book I started thinking about life without choices. What would it be like? The little things that we take for granted would not be there. Things like waking up in the morning and choosing whether to wear blue or green, eating a pear or an apple and seeing red or green, or just looking up and seeing the stars, these are all things we take for granted that Jonas didn't have. Eventually, Jonas leaves his community in search for memories and choices. This is the way I would want to live too. I really like the novel and I think that Lois Lowry did a good job writing it. It speaks a great message."
"The John Newberry Award winning children's novel, The Giver, was such a pleasure to read. I remember reading it as a child and feeling consumed into another time and place, and being so interested by the characters I was reading of, and years later I felt the same way. A great book to ""get lost in"" as it really forces you to think about the world we live in.  The story follows a young boy who exists in a world of what they call, ""sameness."" In this world everything is controlled leaving no chance of fear, anger, uncertainty, or any other unpleasant emotions. When Jonas, the young boy, turns 12, the path that is assigned to him will change his life forever, and this wonderful story takes you on the journey with him and his teacher (""the giver"").  This is a story of hope, courage, human nature, love, passion, self-discovery, and so much more! A must read for all young adults and older!!"
"The Giver was a great novel because it always keeps you on your toes and makes you stop and think about life. It is a novel about a boy named Jonas who lives in a utopia with no differences, he is given a respected job, he is notified that in the training of his new job there will be pain it is called the job of receiving memory. In training Jonas receives things that people in the community are not given such as color, choice, memory of war, snow, sun, love and hate. Jonas is overwhelmed with painful and cherished memories and realizes that a perfect world for one person is not a perfect world for another, but he and the previous receiver of memory are the only ones that know this because the other people if the communities dont experience choice, love or hate. Jonas finally decides to escape the community and leave all the memories to the community and the old receiver of memory."
"Lois Lowry came up with a great idea when she wrote ""The Giver."" The Giver is an excellent science fiction book that gives the reader a taste of what our world would be really if we all were the same. The book itself is told in past tense by a narrator,which is the point of view. The main character,Jonas,is trapped in a world which he does not know truly  about until he is elected the new receiver of memories in his community. He  learns the ways of the past from a man called ""The Giver."" He  also learns how life and the world used to be. Jonas grows tired of these  scary memories,however the Giver and Jonas decide to make a plan for Jonas  to go to ""the beyond."" The plan succeeds and Jonas makes it. This  book is very exciting and kept me reading. I have no complaints what so  ever!"
"THE GIVER by Lois Lowry is a celebrated book and was highly recommended to me. I found myself being gradually pulled into the story line, with little action or drama to compel the reader to turn the pages. Rather, much like the utopian society in the story, it feels safe, routine and fairly predictable. Just as it should in this ideal world. Then, as you near the remaining half to final third of the story, it begins to grow in drama and suspense, and you start to feel the tug . . . to read on. I admire the author's patience to slowly and carefully build this ideal society and story in the reader's mind. Then, finally begin to reveal and unravel the flaws within . . . enough said. I admire, respect, and appreciate this work and the author. I plan on reading the rest of the series too.I am the author ofThe She Wolf: A Novella- as well as other books."
"The Giver Jonas lives in a so-called perfect world. Everyone believes this because they don't know any better. Jonas believes  this until he is  assigned Receiver of Memory. This means  he receives  all memories from the past. When Jonas starts receiving memories from the Giver, he starts to find out that the way the world was is better than the way it is now. My teacher told me  about how schools in the U.S.A. particularly, are banning this book from libraries because it shows affection, suicidal ideas. To me this was not a issue. I found more important issues in the story. I found that this book gave me strength and that the world I live in is better then I thought. I would definitely recommend this book for children 10 years old and up. I gave this book a well deserved, well written 4 stars! Great Book Mrs. Lowry.  Have fun reading!!  By: ..."
"A universal Utopia, that's what the Giver is about. It makes for a bland society that keeps its citizens closely monitored and poorly informed.  The Giver is all knowledgeable and suffers greatly with the knowledge of the past.  He also is the only one who knows the joys of the past.  The Receiver begins to learn and feels the pain.  Will he too asked to be released?  Will he be disillusioned when the truth is his?  This organized society even decides what age to distribute bicycles.  Most young people are irate at the pills which do not allow citizens of Utopia to have feelings of desire.  As all things are monitored, what will be the one event that causes the Receiver to break?  Are there any solutions that will allow this futuristic society to regain its past, accept pain, share joys, and learn to live again?  This book integrates well with life skills and city-county government"
"The Giver was written by Lois Lowry.  She has written two other books to form a trilogy, Gathering Blue and Messenger, after she wrote The Giver.The Giver is about a boy in a future society.  Everything is chosen for you.  When you become ""a twelve,"" or twelve years old, your job is chosen for you.  If you apply for a spouse it is chosen for you.  If you apply for for children, one male one female, they are chosen for you.  You also have no memories of the past (no sining, no snow, no major pain, no color, etc.) unless year the reciever.  Jonas, the main charcter, becomes the new reciever.  Jonas thinks it's unfair that no one else gets the memories.  Jonas and Giver, the past reciever, have a plan so everyone gets the memories.I enjoyed reading this book a lot.  I mostly like the suspense.  I also enjoyed reading it because we have a lot of things they don't and they're in the future.  It's almost like reading a book of the past and not the future.  I hope you enjoy this book as much as I did."
"Maybe if I read this book back in third or fourth grade I would have been blown away. But reading it after so many other books are in my mental library.This is the most passive book I have ever read. Not only is the grammar simply appallingly passive, but the context is so blah.I understand that there are a few shocking moments in the story. But really, none of it is surprising with Lowrys foreshadowing pretty much lining the reader up for it.The world itself is pretty well thought out and beautifully described. The characters are just as bland as the utopia. And this is a well-developed utopia, not a dystopia. The world is perfect for the people who live in it. Just because they have to have a pill deaden their senses, doesnt mean this is not a perfect world for them.This is a great example of how humanityemotion.tends to be the one fault in a created utopia. We will never have one, because all that is human, the emotion, the memory will never let us sink into blandness."
"The Giver opens with eleven year old Jonas who lives in a small community.  The elders control every aspect of the people's lives such as; marriage, children, and jobs.  Jonas finds nothing wrong in  his safe community until he is selected to be the new ""receiver of memories.""  As he works with, and begins to befriend, the Giver he begins to realize how controlling the Elders are, how amazing the world from the memories are, and that ""release"" is not a peaceful term.Lowry does an excellent job setting up a book that at first demonstrates how good a safe community of ""sameness"" would be; with no one feeling pain, suffering, or hate.  As the book goes on she starts to show the reader that without emotions it is impossible to love, and to truly be happy.  Lowry also shows how important it is for a community to be diverse, and that everyone is their own unique individual.  The Giver is an excellent book that teaches bravery and standing up for what you believe in.  I could definitely read this book many more times."
"Story: Jonas lives in a new futuristic ""perfect"" world. No pain. No wars. But no true feelings. No color. No pleasure. No love. It's a dull dull world, not to mention boring. Jonas is selected to be the Receiver, the person who gets ALL the past memories of life before the ""Sameness"" (when everyone made the move to become as similar as possible) so that no one else will have them or feel them. But Jonas thinks that the world SHOULD see and have these memories because with the pain, comes great benefits. It isn't really living unless you them. What will Jonas do to satisfy his desire to share it with the world?Comments: I love this book. I love all the science fiction books I've read so far. It makes you feel sad for the people in his world since there is no true feelings and stuff like that but it makes you appreciate your world. It frustrates me because no one praises differences and uniqueness...they all run from it. The ending is very satisfying. READ THIS BOOK! It's a great book. I think everyone should read it."
"I know this book seemed like it took forever for me to read. I agree with that. The reason behind that is that I saw the movie at the beginning of starting to read this book. It is always hard for me to read a book after I have seen the film. I am glad I continued to read this book. I absolutely loved it. I don't ever remember reading this book in school like others I know.The author surely knows how to write. Once I got into it, I couldn't put it down. I love reading books like this and Hunger Games. It makes readers really think of what could possibly happen in the distant future. Books like these makes you really think about a lot. It makes your appreciate life as it is now; it shows, for me, how truly blessed I am in my life. To be able to be your own self is a luxury that others don't have. I am sure I will continue to read more books by Lois Lowry cause loved this one so much. If I had read this in my younger days, I think I wouldn't have appreciated it as much as I do now.Happy Reading!!!!!"
"My English class is reading this book right now but, I wanted to read it for myself so I got it for my Kindle Touch. It was a bit pricey but it was totally worth it!!! This book makes you think and almost made me cry at the end. The end is a bit of a confusion though. But, this is an amazing science fiction/fantasy book and I really loved it. You should really get this book. I reccommend this to everyone. This book has love, feelings, and emotion as the main character, Jonas goes on a journey to give his people the feelings he feels and wants to give them, and to change something. You really should get this book! I'm 12 and I'm reading this stuff and it's great! But, I think some people exaggerate too much on the fact that there's some sexual content in there, as for me: I don't care. And it's just what we call a 'wet dream'. Calm down people, it's really not that big of a deal. (My only question: Does Jonas die or does he get to Elsewhere???) Again, LOVE THIS BOOK! Fans of Lois Lowry, like me, were BORN to read this!!!!"
"I can't say anything that hasn't already  been said in the other 500 or so reviews, but you really should read this book.  But the ending is a bit confusing to some people so READ SLOWLY and THINK about it.  (If that's not too hard for you.)  I finished this book in the evening when the  electricity was out in the house, so even with the very dim light outside I  had to stay out there, leaning against the balcony railing, and finish it.  My mom kept telling me to come inside, you'll ruin your eyes, but I could  NOT put it down.  I'd just like to comment on another review, which said  this book was like a cross between ""Pleasantville"" and ""The  Truman Show""....what??  Okay, it's a bit similar in ways, but it  didn't really remind me of those movies.  What I'm trying to say is: those  movies are not really very similar to the book but if you like that sort of  thing (I do), read The Giver anyway.  Also highly recommended:  Number the  Stars (for ages 11-14) and The Golden Compass (for ages 13-113)."
"My son's 7th grade English class was reading this, so I decided to as well.  It was a good book, I just wasn't a fan of the cliff-hanger ending."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is a small book that takes you on a an incredible ride. It's not a new book, it was written in 1993. I think I was twelve or thirteen when I first read it, but it's an excellent book for adults to read as well.I can confidently say that this book is my favourite book. I don't think I've ever used my imagination as much as I have reading this book.I can tell you that it's science fiction related, but is mainly about sociology and the social order of humanity.The story revolves around an 11 year old boy as he gets `assigned' his life's task turning twelve. As he learns the ways of this new task from The Giver; he slowly learns the horrible truth.I'm leaving it at that. It's only 193 pages, a real easy read; but one that will forever mark you.~Darleya~(if you liked my review, I review all sorts of things ranging from household products, board games, even beauty products; all honest and to-the-point reviews. My site is called stuffed ashes. Stuffed ashes dot come, all together)"
"The Giver is good literature because it is full of feelings, full of adventure and action, and has lots of interesting details. First, the Giver is full of feelings because Jonas has good feelings and bad feelings receiving the memories from the Giver. Jonas had good feelings when the Giver gave him the memory of love and whole family, and he had bad feelings when the Giver gave Jonas the sled crash memory. Second, the Giver is full of adventure and action because there are so many events in this book. One main event is when Jonas is assigned Receiver of Memory, and all the memories he receives from the Giver. Last, the Giver has lots of interesting details, especially all of the memories. One interesting detail is Jonas's sled crash, ""In his agony he perceived the word fire and felt flames licking at the torn bone and flesh, he tried to move and could not, and the pain grew."" As you can see, the Giver is good literature because it is full of feelings, full of adventure and action, and has lots of interesting details."
"Written good and keeps you interested, but it ends so sudden and starts another story. Still looking forward to the movie."
"All in all the book was amazing, not a waste of time, but not quite my favorite, I prefer books with a little more action."
Hello kindle fire owners This is a good book .I was required to read It for a book report but I found it quite interesting
"I decided to pick this book up after all the hype was created from the movie. I think I read this in middle school when everyone seems to read it, but I didn't remember anything about so of course, I bought myself a copy and started to read it again.While I was reading it, I could almost tell where the book was going and I don't know if that is because I must have remembered bits and pieces from reading it all those years ago or because the book was just kind of predictable.It's an interesting read for sure, especially if you wonder if this is where our society could end up one day. The way the community was set up was really cool to read about and I found it very, very interesting.The ending left me satisfied and very pleased with the story as a whole. A very quick read, but I can see why schools teach with it and why it is so popular."
"The Giver is good literature because it is full of adventure and action.  Also,  it has believable characters.  It has a surprise ending.  The Giver  is full of action when Jonas gets the memories of  sledding down a icy hill.  "" Sideways spinning, the sled hit a bump in the hill and Jonas was jarred loose and thrown violently into the air.""  Also, the escape Jonas did was full of adventure and action.  The Giver has believable characters even Jonas was believable.  Asher is also a believable character because him and Jonas act like people in our world do.  Finally the ending was a big surprise.  It was did not think the ending would be like that.  It wasn't a good ending because he finds a random sled and slides down to a hill and hears music.  This is why the book is great literature.  It has a surprise ending, believable characters and full of adventure and action."
"The Giver provides a well-developed picture of a world where people are tightly controlled.  For example, when adolescents begin to have what in a normal world would be normal stirrings they are provided with pills to make the stirrings go away.  The pills work and the stirrings go away until one enters the House of the Old.Jonas complies as everyone does.  This compliance changes when he is chosen to be the Receiver of Memory, the most important position in this society.  I became even more engaged in the story as the action ramps up and he begins to challenge the thinking regarding how the society functions.Unfortunately the ending left me hanging, as if this was the beginning of a series of books about Jonas and his adventures.  As it turns out it was; I read The Giver before the rest of the volumes were published.Peter Prichard, author, Dawn of Hope"
"I read this book this year for a book report and I absolutly fell in love with it. My friends had told me that it was a really good book so I decided to check it out. And I am really glad that I did. It is my favorite book. I love everything about it. The plot, setting, and charactors are all very  interesting. The story keeps you interested, I couldnt put it down. I must  have read it in two sittings. The best thing about the book is that it  really makes you think. Anyone who hasn't read it, go out and read it. It's  a good book for people of all ages and trust me you won't mind reading it.  I am a very picky person when it comes to books and I get bored easily by  some stories. I was a little skeptical at first but after reading the first  chapter I was interested. It's a little confusing in the beginning but  stick with it because it all comes together. Check it out!"
"The giver show to us kind of perfect world. There are some propositions in the book for to show perfect world. Firstly, everything is under control such as, there is no war or fear or pain even if, no feeling. Secondly, every person is assigned a role in the community when the person turns twelve. Jonas who is the protagonist in the book is assigned a role which is the giver. The giver is the only person who can feel the fear, pain, and so on. There are some reasons why I like this book. For example, the authors imagination that there is no feeling in the perfect is very interesting and funny. Moreover, the author describes the perfect world very specific with detail. That was stimulated my imagination. In addition, the author analyzes the perfect world very efficiently. This book is very useful for stimulating your imagination. I strongly recommend this book for you."
"ReviewThe book ""The Giver"" tells about a very different life style of people, living in communities where everything is ruled and where no colours, feelings o climate exist.I liked the book very much because it was very interesting and surprising to read about this completely different way of life which I could never have imagined in this way before. This story made it clear to me, that people just can't know everything and we don't have the power about everything.I hesitated at every new rule they wrote about in the book and it was one of those few stories, I really talked about to my friends in my leisure time and even those friends, who didn't read the book seemed to be interested in it. It also was full of suspence, because I always wanted to know if Jonas would reach his aims and if the people in the community will once have a world with feelings too."
"""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry is an excellent book. There are two very important characters, Jonas and The Giver. Jonas is a 11 year old that at the ceremony becomes a 12year old. Jonas is selected as the Receiver of Memories. The Giver is the old receiver that helped to chose Jonas. The Giver must give up the memories he received, of the past,to Jonas, even if they are painful. This story takes place in a community that is ""perfect"" but very dull. The reason I say that is because the citizens are not aloud to have feelings of love and hate.  In the beginning of the story Jonas is an 11 that is apprehensive about the up coming ceremony. During the ceremony his number (19) was skipped over. When the Cheif Elder was done with telling the other 12s their accupation, she came back to Jonas. She told him that he was the Receiver of Memories."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is a good book. It's about a boy named Jonas and his community. His fater is a nurturer and his mother works in the department laws an justice. He has a sister named Lilly. His friends are Fiona and Asher. One of the babies his father nurters is Gabriel. The book is about Jonas's assignment at the ceremony of 12. They have ceremonies in the community for every age up to and encluding 12. They are held on 2 days in December. At the ceremony of 12 all the 12s get an assignment (job) then start their training. Jonas wasn't assigned, he was selected. He was selected to be the new reciever of memories.  I think the Giver is a good book I like the story. One thing I don't like (and maybe you won't either) is the ending. She doesn't really tell you what happened. Theres a few different was you can take it.I don't like endings like that."
"Jonas is a controlled and regimented society. Birth mothers produce children raised by Nurturers. The babies turn One in December and are assigned to a couple--one boy and one girl each--50 per year. At Eight a childs comfort toy is taken from them. At Nine they are assigned a bicycle and at Twelve their lifes assignment. Anyone not conforming to societal norms is released. Although I realize this is a fictitious world the children seem severely genetically altered to mature in a rather accelerated manner--walking and talking in their first year of life, being selected for careers at 12. The horror of a world devoid of choice, of love and emotion where positive eugenics is the norm and euthanasia is given euphemistic innocuous terminology. As the receiver of memories Jonas becomes the vehicle by which we learn the menace that underlies this ordered society."
This is the feeling that I had when I finished this book. The book was alright. I liked the depictions of the way that the Giver gives memories Jonas and what its like for him to experience colors and emotions for the first time. I thought the community they found themselves in was intriguing. It wasn't a great book but it was alright. The ending however ruined it for me. There was lots of build up for something to happen but nothing happened. You never find out what becomes of the community or any of characters. In the end it all felt meaningless because you never know what became of any of it. I can understand when an author leaves a few things unanswered but this author left ALL of the questioned unanswered. It felt very much like she had a good idea and no idea of how to end it. And that left me feeling angry at the time I wasted on her half written story.
"Little bit of a dissapointment, that you weren't sure what the ending was saying. I wanted to know if they lived or not!"
Amazingly awesome. with  loads of awesomeness filling its pages so that when I read it I felt marvelously happyLol
"The Giver is a story about a boy named Jonas who lives in a community that is guided by rituals and rules. There are very few choices to make because the major decisions of each person's life are made by a committee. When Jonas turns twelve, he is told that he will have the most important role in the community: he will be The Reciever of Memories. This is a job unlike all other jobs in the community, because The Reciever is the only person in the community who knows the truth about the outside world and understands true pleasure and pain.I first read this book when I was in 7th grade. I enjoyed it so much that I decided to reread it as an adult, and I loved it just as much the second time. The characters in this novel are great, and the idea of a Community where there are no choices is fascinating. I would recommend this book to anyone, child or adult."
"The Giver is a book of epic creativity. Lowry offers an indepth look into a society unlike any ever imagined before. Jonas, the protagonist, is a young boy in a colorless (literally!) world who is selected to become ""The Receiver,"" or the person who receives the memories of the entire human race. From birth to death, war to peace, animals to gods, et cetera, all is made aware to young Jonas through his mentor, ""The Giver."" Once receiving these memories his world is flipped upside down, and you would have to read it to truly enjoy it's astonishing events!Overall, I would highly recommend buying this book. Whether it be for yourself, your child, or your younger brother, I am sure anyone would appreciate the quest that Jonas has to endure in this classic piece of literature."
"My name is Amaliah, I live in New Mexico and I live in a small town.  I have recently finished ""The Giver"". I would give this book 5 stars because it was full of some what true real life situations. Like when Jonas found out that his "" father"" would Kill innocent children simply because he was told to, Jonas realized that he was in a world full of the unknowing. That's when Jonas knew that he was living in a world of pain without even knowing it. That is one of the things that I dislike about this book because they thought there life was perfect when it was really was awful. But I did like that Jonas realized the life he was living was the wrong life and that there was much more than what he was getting. I would recommend this book for children 12 and older who think there life is perfect when there is so much more to life then what you got."
"""The Giver"" is a story set in an ideal, almost vacuum-like community at an undetermined time. The community is stuctured under the idea of ""sameness"". There is no deviation from the normal values and regualtions, there is not even a change in elevation. Despite the foriegn setting, the messages about free will and problems in changing the status quo of society remain familiar.I feel this book is extremely original and thought-provoking. While it contains controversial issues, it is a story. It is something that will bring up issues, but no one will be enraged at the story, only captivated with the ideas. I rated a 4 out of 5 because it is sort of simply written, even though it is  mature for its size and what would be expected from the simple writing style. The writing doesn't talk in circles or flourishes, it lets the story speak for itself."
"I read this book when I was in 7th grade and loved it!  It's only my 2nd favorite, after ""The Outsiders"" by S. E. Hinton.  Out of my whole class I was the only one who enjoyed it, the only one who understood it, and the only one who carried the meaning with them.  It is most definitely  a book for the mind.  I read it over my Christmas holiday and realized I  could hardly put it down, except to eat and sleep!  I won't, I can't, tell  you any more about the plot because it is something each individual needs  to comprehend on their own or else it will mean nothing.  I also found that  there were parts I reread because it was just so incredible!  My favorite  aspect of ""The Giver"" is that the whole plot is set up with  subtle little ""ties"" that will strike you wild when you connect  them!  I really recommend ""The Giver""."
"When you start reading the book you do not understand anything , but then more and more the fictual world is building up in your mind. The main character a boynamed Jonas is a little bit out of the ordinary . So for  example he csn see things others can't.He lives in a  ""preconditioned"" world where people are not supposed to do their  own decisions . Later he becoms the Receiver of his community . That means  he will be  after his training the leader of the Elders a committee that  leads the community . And last but not least there is a rule for everything  even for things like the age  when children get their bikes . All in all  ""The Giver"" is a very interesting novel that by the way was  awarded with the Newbery Medal and other important prizes . But I think you  have to make up your own opinion so buy it , read it , like it ."
"When I read this book as a child, it quickly became my favorite book. I reread it recently as an adult, and discovered that it was still one of my favorites.Jonas, on his 12th birthday, is given the weighty honor of holding all of his utopian society's memories of love and pain and everything that makes us human. With each new memory he receives from the ""Giver,"" the retiring former holder of that job, he is forced to face the best and worst parts of the world that his society has decided to shun.I strongly recommend that children read this between 4th or 5th grade. It will give them an appetite for true literature, and will encourage critical thinking about themselves and their world.(I also strongly recommend that EVERYONE reads it, regardless of age. Devote a Saturday to it. You'll be so glad you did.)"
"I've read that writers should start a story ""in the middle of the action"" to hook readers and keep them flipping pages. Lowry did precisely this, and I was hooked all the way to the end which didn't feel like much of an ending. The problem was, she also ""ended in the middle of the action"" leaving it feeling incomplete. Open-ended stories kinda tick me off, which is why I give this a 4 instead of a 5. Considered giving it a 3, but that wouldn't have been fair to the beginning and middle of the story that I really enjoyed.The book is gripping, motivations solid and characters well developed. Obviously written for someone younger than myself (I'm a 49-year-old woman), but still compelling enough to keep me thinking about it even when I wasn't actively flipping pages.This is how all books should be written. Except with endings."
"This book was written in a very interesting way.  The utopian society in this book gives the book an eerie sense to it.  What I found to be the most interesting thing was how it explained to the reader what would happen if  the society was broken and what the ""chain-reaction"" of the  consequences would be.  Each chapter that I read gave me a sense that  something was going to happen and normally I was right.  The main  character, Jonas, seemed to me to be a rebel throughout the entire book and  was very descriptive in the way he saw his world.  I loved how the  community was described in a way to tell us how the days would pass in the  utopian society.  It explained to us how people reacted toward one another  and how each family would go about their daily routines and what else that  the family would do that our families normally don't."
"Louis Lowry has created a utopian society where life is ""perfect."" They have never known love or any other emotions. I thought the this book brought an interesting concept of society. I would recommend this book to a middle schooler, but not to children in elementary school. They bring up ideas such as lust, death, suicide and other harsh concepts. However, it does give a new idea of life. Would it be better if you had no sorrow, but no love. I enjoyed reading about what the main characters thoughts were on this. It was moderately written and was a page turner at times. However, I feel that she cut the book off too early. I wanted more details about how his society functioned. I liked how she had humans in the future, but she still had it seem like a fantasy. It was the right balance between fantasy and reality. I give it a four star out of five."
"I thought this book was very well written and very interesting. I like the idea that the author used the future for the setting. I thought is was a little confusing at some parts because the author doesnt tell you out-right  that the story is set in the future so you dont know why this environment  is the way it is. For instance, when the plane flys above and everyone is  amazed/frightened, you dont understand why they would be afraid of a plane.  The ending has a alot of strength to it and leaves the reader asking  themselves ""Did Jonas die or did he really find that 'home'?"" The  Giver is an amazing character in this book. You feel sorry for all the  others in the community because they dont know what its like to love  someone or enjoy holidays like The Giver and Jonas do. The Giver is the  'heart' of the community, in my perspective."
Quick read. Great story. So glad I decided it to reread it now that I'm older. I can appreciate it now for what it is.
This book is good for a person who likes si-fi and other genres this book falls into I ant wait to read gathering blue
4 starsTerrible ending recommend I think I'll read the second book and it will explain what happened at the end.
I would have given it 5 stars if not for the abrupt and disappointing ending...I just thought/wanted there to be more.
"This book is one of the best books that I have ever read in my life,  because of Lois Lowry's unique writing style. She leads  the reader to  think that things have taken a turn for the worse when unexpectedly,  something good develops from the bad.  This book is about a 12 year old boy  named Jonas who lives in a changed world. In his world there is no crime,  no pain, no cars, no color and no polution.  Jonas is singled out from the  other members in his community by the elders and is chosen to be the new  Receiver of  Memory in his community. This is the most important job in the  community because the Receiver of Memory is the only person in the  community that experiences pain, love and other emotions and feelings.  Jonas feels increased pressure because the Last Receiver of Memory  unexpectedly  quit and left the community. THE GIVER has recived numerous  awards among which is the 1994 NEWBERY MEDAL. This book is one of the best  books I have ever read and I think it should be a part of everyone's  collection."
"This book is book is about a child named Jonas who lives in a community were everthing is controlled including, your name, your job, and weather or not you have a spouse or children. When you turn twelve in this community your are given a job, but Jonas is not giver a job. He is selected to be the new receiver, (the person who holds all the memories for the community). Jonas believes that everyone needs thes memories so he runs away and lets all the memories return to the community.  This was a great book even though many people think that it should be banned because it goes against religous views. If you are a parent and your child wants to read this book you should probably read it first and then tell them weather or not they can read it. This is a great book for people of all ages to read because it explains why the idea of a society in which everything is controled would not work. Over all it was on the best books I have ever read."
"I first read this book as a child and reread it for my book club as a companion book to another dystopian book we were reading. The ending is different from what I remembered as a child and I think this is because the ending requires almost another level of disbelief suspension and maybe doesn't fit in for that reason. I remember reading being confused by the ending as a child, reading it several times, and deciding he had died, but this most recent reading reminds me that it was actually the Giver's idea that he escape and he actually succeeds in finding a new community. This is totally different than what I remember and I think it makes less sense but I'm willing to just let it go. I think the main virtue of this book is that it's like a soft core 1984 for children and introduces the darkness of pain and suffering through a book that's not that upsetting or graphic. It brings up a lot of very interesting questions about freedom of choice, sex, the importance of remembering history. I'd recommend it to older kids."
"The Giver by Lois LowryScience FictionIf you like books about the future, you would like The Giver. It is a goodbook because it gets the reader caring  for the characters. It also gives a feeling of adventure and action. The book is a very sad one because everyone is almost the same, and if they break the rules three times they have to die. This book has many feelings; it has love, anger, sadness, happiness, and pain. Lois Lowry did a good job of making you feel like you're in the story, but while you're in the story, you feel helpless. The story is about a boy named Jonas who gets a job as the new Receiver.  The job of the Receiver is to keep memories for the community.  While in training he learns about death, pain, and that his people are doing wrong things. So Jonas and a man called the Giver make a plan to secretly stop the community. It is hard for Jonas at first but, in the end ... sorry can't tell you that. If you like books about feelings and science fiction than this is the book for you."
"The Giver by Lois LowryScience FictionIf you like books about the future, you would like The Giver. It is a goodbook because it gets the reader caring  for the characters. It also gives a feeling of adventure and action. The book is a very sad one because everyone is almost the same, and if they break the rules three times they have to die. This book has many feelings; it has love, anger, sadness, happiness, and pain. Lois Lowry did a good job of making you feel like you're in the story, but while you're in the story, you feel helpless. The story is about a boy named Jonas who gets a job as the new Receiver.  The job of the Receiver is to keep memories for the community.  While in training he learns about death, pain, and that his people are doing wrong things. So Jonas and a man called the Giver make a plan to secretly stop the community. It is hard for Jonas at first but, in the end ... sorry can't tell you that. If you like books about feelings and science fiction than this is the book for you."
"An entertaining story, interesting. A life without experiencing the trials and tribulations of the real world would not have much significance."
"The book is not really my type of book but is a great lesson and story ,it teaches u how things could be different or how they where or will be"
"I really love this book. I read this book when I was in the fourth or the third grade and I loved it and I read it again last month, I believe, and it was so good. This book was the book that got me into reading. This book started my whole book addiction. It is a dystopian book about a society that controls everything. They control your job, what you eat, when you sleep, how many children you can have, when you die, so on and so forth. In this society they have this person called The giver who holds all of their memories. He hold the ability to see color to here music to love to understand things that the society cannot. He also has to bear the burden of know what death is and having memories of it. He has the memories of pain of neglect of suffering. But he also has the memories of choice. Its a book about becoming who you were born to be, and defying the system. if you like adventure, dystopian, hope-filled type books you'll love this. I believe that everybody should read this book at least once in there lives."
"Having read ""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry for the first time I liked the book because it was quite easy to understand. But this advantage of the book  is also a big fault big fault because there is absolutely no profundity. The only protagonist, named Jonas, who lives in a community of ""Sameness"" realizes the mistakes of this collective life without  any space for individuality and tries to break out from it. This is the  material for a short story of 3 pages. But Lowry made a book of 150 pages  out of it. That's why the story abounds with repetitions and the longer you  read the more boring the book gets. But this is not the biggest failure.  The most important weak point is the end. All is said there and when you  put the book away there is nothing to think over. Good boks let space to  think for your own but in ""The Giver"" there is nothing at all. So  on the whole I would say that ""The Giver"" is not the right book  for people older than 15 years because it's simply to light."
"After reading ""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry I decided I did not like it very much. I do not recommend this book to any of my friends. The book started of from the perspective of a boy named Jonas and describes his adventures of an ordinary life. After seeing an apple glimpse red he had known he had a gift. He, however, had gotten in trouble for stealing the apple because of his interest in it. My favorite part of the book was when he met the Giver who had recognized the boy's gift and was elected to be the next Giver. The Giver had to pass memories to the boy. Pain and all. The first memory passed to the boy was the memory of snow. The book went on and he began to learn the truth of the civilization and how everything is normal and routine when it shouldn't. My least favorite part was the ending when he escaped the civilization and took the baby Gabe with him. I really was let down with this ending. I only picked the book for the interesting cover and I was easily let down. All in all it was an alright book."
"daughter was assigned the reading as an assignment.  she read it because she had too, I read it because I wanted too."
A nice quick read about making choices regarding the quality of life lived verses living a life of promised security.
"The Giver by Louis Lowry if a fictional book about a twelve year old boy names Jonas.  Jonas lives in a specail kind of community and at the age of Twelve, Jonas and others of the same age are given their assignments so they may start trainnig for their future jobs. Jonas was given the assignment of receiver and finds out the the community he has grown to love is all a lie. Through his training the old receiver ( also known as the Giver) gives Jonas the memories of the past.  Those memories consist of sailboats, oceans, colors, and even love, but with those good memories come bad ones such as pain and war.  Jonas decides that his life in the community, a life where decisions are made for him and with no individuality is not what he wants.  Jonas decides to escape from the community, but will he ever find that elsewhere he wishes to find?"
"The Giver by Louis Lowry if a fictional book about a twelve year old boy names Jonas.  Jonas lives in a specail kind of community and at the age of Twelve, Jonas and others of the same age are given their assignments so they may start trainnig for their future jobs. Jonas was given the assignment of receiver and finds out the the community he has grown to love is all a lie. Through his training the old receiver ( also known as the Giver) gives Jonas the memories of the past.  Those memories consist of sailboats, oceans, colors, and even love, but with those good memories come bad ones such as pain and war.  Jonas decides that his life in the community, a life where decisions are made for him and with no individuality is not what he wants.  Jonas decides to escape from the community, but will he ever find that elsewhere he wishes to find?"
"I first read this book back in 5th grade, along with a few of Lowry's other books, and it still holds the same amazing results as it did that first time I read. Why? Because of the picture she paints with her words, asking you kindly to imagine her world, a terrifying world of equality. Imagine a world without colors, music, smell, anything at all that makes life enjoyable now. You're not allowed to date, not allowed to do what you want, and not allowed to have hopes and dreams of your future, as your future is already chosen for you. It's scary, yet thrilling all at the same time. To imagine this is amazing, to think of it is ingenious. The idea is purely terrifying, the idea of such an equalized world that it would take out everything that makes it worth living, makes it exciting. I fear a world like this, yet it sparks my imagination."
"""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry.This book is about a boy named Jonas and a man named the Giver.Jonas and the Giver live in a dull, boring communtiy. no one sees color and everything has to be the same.You don't have an age you are a one, two........ When you are a twelve you are assined a job. But when the ceromony of the tweleves come the chief Elder skipped his number Jonas gets scared. ""What did I do wrong"" Janas asked himself.But finally the  Chief Elder says""I know all of you think I have made a mistake but we have saved best for last Jonas is going to be the reciever of Memorey.""The giver is the only person who has books. Jonas's favorite memorey was Christmas.The theme of this story is that no places is perfect.Lois Lowry  had a great  idea to make this story. I really liked this book. I recomend it to you."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is one of the most renouned anti-utopian novels and by far deserves this title. It is about a boy named Jonas trapped in a society commanded by rules and regulations. At the ceremony where the children are to recieve their life long jobs Jonas is given the position of the new ""giver"". In this position he is to acquire all the memories and feelings of the past from the old giver. Instead of trying to keep the community ""alive"" with this information, as was the original intention, he now realizes that there is a world beyond the confinds of this community. He tries to use his new intelligence to open the eyes of the people around him. Although he knows that they will have to be faced with the bad as well as the good he believes that everyone should know that there is a reality outside of their small isolated world."
"My 7th grade Reading teacher absolutely loved this book. I didn't get around to reading it until I was long out of middle school, but I'm very glad I did.Technically, I believe this is children's fiction. However, it's very, very deep.The story takes place in a utopian society where everyone has forgotten how to feel (which would be one of the wort things that could possibly happen to a human in my opinion). Each child, once they reach a certain age, will be assigned a job. There are medics, glorified babysitters, and so on. And then we have our main character, the Receiver. The Receiver is a very special person as he has to receive all the old memories of feelings and then pass them on to future generations.There is a lot of depth in a short book. You honestly can't go wrong with this book. It's very good, albeit simple."
"Jonas is a kid who lives in the perfect world, nothing goes wrong there are rules about everything about how manny children per family about marrige and about your job.  When the ceremony of twelves takes place.  Jonas is selected as ""Receiver of Memory,"" the most important job in the community; he recieves the memoy of the past in which he finds wisdom.  Nobody in the community has a memory of the past exept for the ""Reciever of Memory"" they don't have memory of snow or even color and they don't have feelings.""THEY KNOW NOTHING""  As reciever of memory Jonas wants to change that. He and the Giver plot for Jonas to escape to Elsewhere where there are colors and feeling but also suffering.  This will realease Jonas memory on his community undoing sameness.  A great story yet with an unclear end.  -m.b."
"""The Giver"" tells of a boy-Jonas-who has to go through life of sameness.  Everything was normal for Jonas until he was given the job of ""receiver"" and is pulled from the life he once lived.  The story tells of Jonas and his new life, and how he realizes that there is more in life than he was taught to know.  Jonas will have to learn about the real world and is given help from the ""giver"".The Giver was a great book that taught me that not everyone is perfect; and even though you are supposedly to be living in a perfect community, nothing is still perfect.  This book made me think of the world around me.  It also made me think about my life and the people around me.  This book also taught me that if you try hard enough, you could over come anything.  I recommend this book to anyone 10-years or older."
"I enjoyed this book, but at the end, it left me with so many questions:  what happens next?  Did they really find the love and family they hoped would be there?  What happened to the Giver and to the people left behind in the colorless, merciless, boring society where no one could feel real emotions or see real colors or really get hurt?  It seems they just went from being born to living a colorless and painless life and then were released (killed) when they were too much of a burden for the society.  I'm hoping this aspect of continuing the story is in a sequel.In my opinion, this is a great book for kids - it's well and clearly written and makes a great case for standing up for what you believe is right, whether in words or actions.I haven't seen the movie yet, but the trailers make it seem different from the book. The interviews at the end were a bonus."
"Jonas and his family live in an ideal world. A world without violence, crime, or poverty. Unfortuately, their society is also arranged so that people live without choices. There is very little emotion. Respect for life means something completely different in their community. The memories of life for the entire community are stored in one person's mind, the Giver. When the children are twelve, they are assigned their occupations, which will not change for the rest of their lives. Jonas is chosen to be the new Receiver of memories. He begins a journey, from which he will never recover. This is a very intersting and thought provoking book. There are some very disturbing ideas addressed in this book. It is a wonderful story to read, regardless of one's age. If you have ever wondered what it would be like to live in a ""perfect"" society, you should read this book."
"What would it be like to live in a world where everything is exactly the same for everyone? ""The Giver"" by Lois Lowery is a truly extraordinary book that ponders this very question. Jonas, a young boy, never gave much thought to the way things were until the day he was chosen to be the next Receiver. The Receiver is the one person who holds all the memories of the way things were, ""Before"" A decision has to be made. Should he allow things to remain as they are, or should he attempt, against impossible odds, to change them. I greatly enjoyed the book. It made me realize how great it is to have a world of diversity. Pain is not always bad, it is what makes us stronger. Lowry thoroughly explored the concept of good vs. evil, and pleasure vs. pain. I recommend this book to anyone who wonders what it truly means to be your self in a ""follow the leader"" kind of world."
"First of all I must say this was the best book I've ever read in my life! Like how she leaves it an open ending is really cool because you try to guess what it is. What I'm trying to say is that this  no ordinary book, this book is about a 12- year old boy that lives in a society that has no flaws,feelings or love and is perfect, but the people don't know that it has many flaws in it the people don't know there are flaws because their feelings where washed away fro m their memories so it becomes a perfect society. Jonas, is chosen to become the Receiver of Memory and has to keep all the good and bad memories which are given to him from the giver from the people so it become a perfect community.  This book might have to do with a death but it becomes a cool mystery as it goes to the end, so  if you like mystery books I guarantee you the you will like this book."
"This book was ok, but I absolutley despised the ending. It's about a perfect community, where a 12 year old boy Jonas lives. But, this community knows nothing of color, rain, sun, snow, pain, animals, and shockingly, family. They all have their birthday on the same day, even if they weren't born that day. Certain things come with age, like a jacket with buttons in the front when their eight, and a bike when they are nine. They apply for a spouse, and then apply for one son, and one daughter. But in that community lives a man, who goes by The Giver. He himself holds the memories this community has forgotten. Then, when Jonas turns 12, and is assigned his life job, HE is to replace The Giver, and learn about the real world. But as the story unfolds, more problems spring forth to the reader. The ending is completely twisted, but otherwise Lois Lowry wrote a good book!!"
"Such a great book to make people think about blindly following what leaders say, being your own hero and valuing freedom."
"I was very confused by this book.  I read it because I had heard that it was such a good book, but it did nothing for me."
Simplicity is key. Great story with an awesome perspective. A book that someone of any age can appreciate and learn from.
"I purchased this book to read because I just watched the movie and I thought the movie was simply awful. I wanted to know how such a highly rated book could become such an awful plotless movie that made absolutely no sense. Now I have read the book and I realize that Hollywood completely discarded the book when they made the movie! The book is very good. The end of the movie made absolutely no sense. I was thrilled to find out  that is because the end of the story in the book is not depicted at all in the movie. I tend to shy away from movies based on books due to the gross inaccuracy of the movies, however I did not realize this book existed until after I'd watched the movie. I'm glad this book was better than the movie. Book gets 5 stars. The movie gets no stars at all. The author should sue the idiots who so badly mangled the story when they put out the movie."
"The Giver is a great book about a boy named Jonas. Jonas is 11 years old and is growing up in a time where everyone and everything is the same. He lives with his family unit which consists of his mother, his father, his little sister, and himself. When he turns the age of 12 he is assigned a job in the comunity. But he doesn't recieve any ordinary job, he is assinged the Reciever. The Reciever is a job of great wisdom and honor. But when he starts the job he relizes how different the world used to be. Than he is faced with the dicision of wheather or not he wants to do anything about it. The Giver was a great book just becuase it isn't like anything else. Jonas is in the struggle of his life that leads to much suspence and hard disicion making. I would definetly recomend this book to anyone who likes books that present new ideas and that are very suspenceful."
"""The Giver"" is one of the most interesting and remarkable books I've ever read. The story causes you to think about the meaning of human emotions, life, and society.To add to the mesmerizing atmosphere, the situations, plot, and characters are very well developed and attract your attention.The situations are carefully planned and the plot is descriptive, imaginative, and vivid. The characters are unique and have distinct personalities that different people can relate to.It's a exceptionally challenging read, in terms of the way it is written and the vocabulary that is used. At times, it can be difficult to understand the message unless you truly search and think about it.Once you set your eyes on this story, you won't be able to stop reading. The end will definitely leave you wanting more!~KS~"
"I really enjoyed reading this book, even though it was assigned from my reading teacher.  It's so confusing at first, especially when the apple changes color but Jonah can't describe it.  The Giver knew what it was, but  I can't imagine not knowing what color was like or what not having a real  family would be.  I don't know how Lois Lowry came up with this idea for a  book, but it was a really good one.  The book is so interesting, and it  just draws you in.  I literally couldn't put it down!  I hope the author  writes some more like it.  The ending is very weird, and it leaces you  hanging.  That is the one thing I did not like about this book.  Anything  could have happened at the end, and I think the author made sure that you  would think that because she included some pretty bizarre stuff during the  story itself."
"I never had an opportunity to read this book while I was in school. I remember seeing this book in the library as a kid and being intimidated by the old man on the cover. Back then I was sure it was a boring ""school"" book- I was glad I never had to read it.Then I grew up. I'm not usually intimidated by books anymore, so I picked it up. I wanted to see if all the praise this had received was really well-earned.And believe me, it is.Don't let the fact that this is classified as ""teen"" hold you back. This book will make you more grateful for everyday life, for things we take for granted, in a way that you must experience.I'm not sure what else to say, other than buy this and read it as soon as possible. It's quick, fun, and better than 95% of books out there. Definitely one of the best."
"The Giver, by Lois Lowry, was a very deep and influential book on the importance of remembrance and the gift of knowledge and freedom. The journey that Jonas took in the novel was one of great learning. Through his story, he showed the reader how important it is to cherish the freedom that we do have in this life. This book is a warning to those of all generations that remembrance is the key to keeping the freedoms of choice that people in the world enjoy. Jonas reminds us to never stop questioning the way the world is run, or we could end up living in a society like his. I think this book is extremely important for people of all ages and cultures to read because it teaches important lessons that all people should remember, lest we find ourselves color blind and memory-less in a world where all our choices are made for us."
"The book ""The Giver"" in my opinion, is good literature.  Firstly, it had lots of description.  When a scene in the story was told, I could almost picture it in my mind.  It created a visual picture which helped me better understand the story.  Secondly, it had lots of interesting detail.  The author made sure to include everything so the reader wouldn't have any questions about the whole idea of the community.  Everything was answered.  Lastly, the ending had a surprising twist.  It left the readers to finish the book on their own.  ""...he thought he heard music too.  But perhaps it was only an echo.""  That quote leaves the reader to think of their own ending. While reading the book, you think you know how its going to end but you soon find out it's a cliff hanger.  In conclusion, the book, ""The Giver"" is good literature."
"This book the giver by lois lowery, I personally think that it is a great and facinating book. If I had to rate this book I guess I would rate 5 stars, because the author is very descriptive. So if she said something like how the muffin made jonas's mouth water everytime he felt the warmth of the muffin bounce of his hip as he walked. You could she a muffin bouncing of his hip as he walks.  Other reasons I would give this book a five is because she leaves you hanging and in suspence, it also makes you wonder what happened to the person or how he/she got thetre or got out safely. Plus another reason is the vocabulary is like words you never knew existed. The book makes you feel like you are really in jonas's utopia.  I think that everone should read this book but mostly people that like cliff hangers and suspence."
"I have never actually read this book, even though most students have read this at some point for an English essay or some other school related assignment. I heard there was a movie, so before jumping to the theatre I decided to pick up the book. I finished the book in just about a day, and once I got to the end I was relieved about Jonas' and Babes outcome. But what disappointed me that the sequels to The Giver aren't sequels at all. The book was fantastic, but the fact that I will never discover what becomes of the communities or Jonas and Gabe left me feeling empty. Do the people at the city Jonas finds accept them, or do they eventually have to return to their community? Does the rest of the world even know about the communities? Besides my imaginative mind, this was a fantastic read that I would recommend to anyone."
"The book the giver was written by Lois Lowery.  This book is a great book for young adluts over 13.  Any one younger than that age woulent uderstand the book.  The main charecter of the book is a young boy named Jonas who  lives in a community where everthing is perfect.  All the decisions are  made for all the people in the community. They have no color, no music,  they cannot pick there own jobs, there lives are controled by a Comminty of  Elders.  Jonas is chosen to be a reciver of memorys, the only person that  knows about how things like color look like .  As he learns to feel  emotions like love and feel pain he feels left out of the community.  The  rest of the book s abut his struggle to get away from the community.  I  think think book lacks a good eneding but the rest of the book has many  twists and suprises."
A deep novel that makes the reader think and reflect about their own experience.I went into this novel not knowing a thing about it.  It slowly unravelled itself as I read on from chapter to chapter and found myself emotionally invested in teh characters and storyline.This is truly a gripping novel that everyone should read.
"This book was AMAZING! It definitely makes you think about what the world is coming to. I stayed up until 10 (on a school night) to finish it. I was so tired when I got to the end I didn't get it at all, and was barely paying attention. The next day at school I brought it with me to ask my friend about it, because she recommened it to me. I told her I didn't get the end and she tried to explain it. My response: ""huh? I don't remember that."" So she dragged me over to my desk and pushed me down itno my seat and shoved the book under my nose. ""Read!"" she commanded. So I read the last few pages and was in total tears. Everyone was asking me what was wrong but I couldn't stop crying long enough to answer. No one knows exactly what happened, but if what I think happened happened, this is a very sad but still very good book."
"This book,as distrubing as it was, was an excellent sci-fi book that, though odd, makes us all see that there is not, on the Earth we know, a place where everything is perfect.......as we can not know true happines or pleasure without first expiriancing pain and suffering. Jonas makes me(I am also 12) think more, though this is a reach, more about the freedom of choice, for in the Community, there is none.  The book striked as a powerful reminder that there is not a better world than that the one we live in, for there would be no happieness if it were the same as the Community, and no feelings.  Without feelings, we are not human, and the people in this book scared me that some day there really may be a place that comes around here or in some other life where there are no feelings, color, or, most importantly, love. :"
"The Giver is about a boy named Jonas who lives in a future civilization with his two parents and sister, Lily. Everything is perfect and everything is the same every day. When Jonas becomes a twelve-year-old and gets assigned to his new job, his job is not a regular job -- it is a special assignment. He becomes the Receiver, a painful but important job. He must receive the memories of past times, good and bad. His leader, The Giver, has the job of giving the memories to Jonas.The author has a way that makes you excited and tense by changing everything in the story until it makes sense. It is unpredictable. It is a mix of confusion, adventure, and a little bit of sadness."
"Lois Lowry must know something we don't.  Lois Lowry's book never fail to amaze me.  The Giver takes place in the future where there is a perfect world.  Nothing is wrong, everything is the same.  There are no wars, no fighting, no pain.  Everything is simply perfect.  Or so it seems.  In this world there is no emotion.  There is no love.  You are assigned a certain job, a wife, and a family.  There are no colors, no variety.  Everything is the same.  Jonas is not an ordinary child.  He sees things others don't, feels things others don't.  When the day comes to assign jobs, Jonas is assigned as The Giver.  The Giver is the one who has all the memories of the past, all the feeling, everything.  This is no easy job, but can Jonas do it?  This book is incredible, for lack of a better word.  I recommend this book to all."
"Imagine a life void of color, of music, of emotion- a life without all elements that give beauty to the world. In The Giver, Lois Lowry creates such a life in a fictional utopian community. The plot follows the main character Jonas's coming-of-age as he realizes the possibilities of a life beyond his controlled world of black-and-white, of good and bad. Though the characters' lifestyle is so different from our own, the reader is able to sympathize with the confusion felt by this adolescent boy, who truly `knows no better'.Lowry's style of writing draws the reader's attention, and as each chapter ends the reader is left yearning for more. Though initially seeming far-fetched, ultimately the plot has an eery possibilty. Could we really be lead to a life of Sameness?Lowry's novel is a must-read for all ages."
Probably by now everyone knows this book. It's a great book for all ages and the ending is just the perfect touch.
"As a middle school English teacher, The Giver has been a staple of my seventh grade curriculum for the past three years. Outside of the awkward moment where the kids ask how babies are made if there it doesn't come from the mother (someone either calls out turkey baster or gives an account of how baby's are naturally made), it has challenged students to question the status quo and strive for autonomous thinking. The book betters them on so many different fronts once they have finished it and can discuss it in their own words. Understanding it is the true reward.This is my commentary on The Giver as a student and as a teacher http://afchapin.com/wp/missing-the-whole-story-reading-to-finish-the-giver/. I would LOVE any feedback - positive or negative - so find me on Twitter, Facebook, or through my website."
"One day in school I had nothing to read so I looked around and I saw this book sitting on the shelf called The Giver. The name interested me so I picked it up and started reading it.  I only read one paragraph and I knew I should've read it, so I did.  This book inspired me so much I couldn't stop reading it.  Every spare minute I had, I read the book.  When I finished, I couldn't sleep that night very much. I kept thinking of the book, and I couldn't stop. So I read it again.  I suggest this book to anyone, everyone.  And once you have read it don't stop reading, keep going.  Jonas, age 12, is a very brave young man, no one could ever replace him.  He goes through love, death, starvation, pain, color, and even more that no one in this book has ever experienced.  So go ahead and read this book, you won't regret it!!!"
"The Giver is a great book and goes into alot of detail. The book had me to where when I was reading it I didn't see or hear anything else. I was focussed on the reading every sigle line, sentence, and word. I didn't want it to end. Towards the middle of the book it gets a little depressing, when the giver is giving Jonas, the main character, memories of what it was like to feel feelings. Alot of the memories are very depressing, while some were happy, and exhilarating as The Giver would put it. The book was also very mysterious, like when an apple changed in mid-air I didn't realize that Jonas was noticing the color red, through this i found that every one in the community was color  blind. I think if you are thinking of buying this book you should because, trust me its not a waste of time like some other books are."
"The Giver is written in a unique style that gives much for the imagination to ponder.  Lowry's descriptions are vague as well as the ending.  However, I feel Lowry wants each reader to come away from the book with something personal so she leaves certain details open to interpretation.The plot is unique taking place in a perhaps futuristic world.  The community in which the main character, Jonas, lives seems to be controlled by computers and other sophisticated technology.  The people live simplistic lives, but Jonas will learn the secrets behind the community.  He faces decisions that ultimately prove to be too much and he must leave the community.  The ending is rivoting and readers will be moved and surprised by the ending."
"THE GIVER by Lois Lowry is the story of 11 year old Jonas, who lives in The Community, a ""Utopian type community"" that is governed by The Elders.The Elders determine each citizens job within the community, the composition of each ""Family Unit"" as only designated Birthmothers bear the ""newchildren"" who are then cared for in a nursery building by the Nurturers until their ""Naming Ceremony"" at which time the newly named ""Newchildren"" is placed with their ""family"".As Jonas begins his lessons with ""The Giver"" he begins to question the Elders and life in a Utopian community.Reminiscent of 1984, Jonas ""awakening"" is an act of sheet bravery and steel courage. THE GIVER should be required reading for everyone from 10 to 110."
"This was a really beautiful book, and I found if a profound and moving interpretation of both the transition from childhood and adulthood and of the journey from blindness, through suffering, and back out to wisdom. My only gripe was that I found it a little slow in the beginning, when there was a lot of exposition to establish the world in which Jonas lives. Jonas's time with The Giver, though, is really quite stunning.The edition I read contained the text of the speech Lowry gave when she accepted the Newberry Medal for this book, and that speech touched me perhaps even more than the book did. It's a candid, startling, beautiful speech full of glimpses at failures that led to better understanding, experiences that shine through in the book itself. I could only dream of giving such an eloquent speech."
"The Giver is a great book for all ages. It's stated in the future where everything has changed. Your families are picked for you, there is no more music, or colors. People don't even get to pick their jobs in this weird land. Only one person get's the spiecal gift to live in the past, hold memories of how it used to be, see the colors, hear the wonderful music. Although you may think you want this job once you get it, it might not seem so great anymore. Holding everyones memorys of horor and pain so they don't... not being able to talk with your friends about what you did at work that day. Do you actully want that job? The boy in this story decided he wanted to leave run away and not turn back. Break the bubble scientist had made so that people wouldn't feel anything, no feelings, have any pain or great happyness."
"The gist of THE GIVER is given in the other reviews, so there's no need to explain it here again. I bought this book at a book fair when I was still in elementary school. I read it then, and found the book to be fascinating, yet somewhat confusing. Now I am in college, and have reread the book. The category listed for the book is ""Young Adult"" but do not let that keep you from ever reading this book. Lois Lowry delves into subjects that some people would shy away from: How far will people go to perfect themselves? What is life like without stimulus? The contemplation of these things and the realization of how important the experiences we have every day are at the heart of the book. What defines humanity, and what happens if we take that away? This is a fantastic book. One should read it, and then reflect upon it."
I read the book The giver within 2 days and one night - It was easy to read although it was ibn a foreign language(english) for me .  I liked the thought of a 'perfekt' community. Alos I liked the impression that this community had to be interrupet by someone because people wanted to have their own choices. It showed me once more how we depent on the past and how things can chagne by our own exoeriences. I didn't like the though. It was so left open I evcen was thinking about writing an own en just to satisfy my thought how it possibly COULD end -The book by lois Lowry is somehow confusing as things just go along for the first - 8 - chapters - and thoughout the whol book everything is written in such detail form that you really have to stick to the book. Otherwise I would have been drifted away so quickly.
"The Giver by Lois Lowry was captivating and interesting through out it's  content.  The setting is familiar, yet not, and so it kind of makes you use  your head to figure out just exactly what is going on.  The main characters  are interesting enough but towards the end they get to be redundant. The  plot left a little something to be desired too.  I was very disapointed at  the ending, to me it was a let down.  I read this book in three days and it  wasn't a big waste of my time. I liked it a whole lot better when I was in  the middle of it though, then I just couldn't put it down. Latter I got to  the ending and it was very disappointing.  It left me with a bad taste in  my mouth so to speak.  Read it for yourself and let me know what you think,  obviously not every one has the same thoughts as me on this book."
"Good Book to read, keep a open mind thru the whole series, allows for interesting conversation. I enjoy them all."
"Everyone knows the basic premise of this story so I won't go into it. It's a great story, a definite page-turner, but way too short. And that's mostly why it's a 4/5. It felt like a long short story rather than a novel. And what I mean by that is that it needed more meat. More detail. This book could have easily been 400-500 pages long without slowing it down too much. Where are the descriptions of the community in general? Flashbacks to when Father was a child? Stories about Father caring for Asher in the Nurturing Center? Stories of Jonas and Asher working together and Asher causing Jonas to not be able to concentrate? Flashbacks of the Giver back when he was the Receiver? It could have been much, much longer. And I really wish it had been. This book took me 3 evenings to read and I'm generally a slow reader."
"Lois Lowry hits another one out of the park with THE GIVER.  She gives us a wonderful taste of how boring life would be if we were all the same and had life decisions made for us. The community is as boring as watching coal turning to diamonds, basically sameness.The book was done so well as Lowry out does her self this time while portraying a boy with a lost soul.  Jonas (main character) is growing up in a world of no terror or fear, no hunger.  Until he is given the job assignment as Receiver of Memory, he likes the life.  As he sees all of these wonderful things that were before, he panics.  This is easily understandable.  If I were living in this world of no love or color or memory I would panic if I saw memories of holidays and love.  He is too stressed, so he runs off to a journey of self-discovery."
"The book the giver was written by Lois Lowery. This book is a great book for young adluts over 13. Any one younger than that age woulent uderstand  the book. The main charecter of the book is a young boy named Jonas who  lives in a community where everthing is perfect. All the decisions are made  for all the people in the community. They have no color, no music, they  cannot pick there own jobs, there lives are controled by a Comminty of  Elders. Jonas is chosen to be a reciver of memorys, the only person that  knows about how things like color look like . As he learns to feel emotions  like love and feel pain he feels left out of the community. The rest of the  book s abut his struggle to get away from the community. I think think book  lacks a good eneding but the rest of the book has many twists and suprises"
"I knew nothing about The Giver other than it was a Newberry Medal winner and children's book...and coming out in a movie.  This book sat on a shelf in my daughter's bookcase for years without my opening it.  I wanted to read it before seeing the movie.I must say if there is some deep meaning in the book, the ending baffled me....but the journey was interesting.  This book gives great insight into what our lives might be like if we had no free agency.  Sameness is often what we seek in life, to be accepted, to not stick out, to not rock the boat or stir up the water....but this book enlightens us...that sameness takes deception and controlling by those in authority.  The alternative is the ability to choose freely, to make mistakes, and to learn for ourselves....therein lies joy and pain and growth."
"This book read like 1984 through the eyes of a child.  It begins in a bland world where everything is structured and orderly and little Jonas is waiting to turn twelve and receive his adult assignment, the job he will perform for his community until he gets old. His assignment is that of Receiver of Memories and when he begins training for this job his perception of the world changes. He eventually faces heartbreaking realities and realizes things cannot stay the same.  Although it is a short book written for young adults, this story is filled with philosophical and ethical questions about what humans would give up in order to be happy all the time. It is relevant to the time when it was published (1993) and it remains relevant to the present. Read this book yourself; then let your children read it; then sit down and talk with them about it. It might encourage both of you to see the colors in the world."
"I really enjoyed reading The Giver.  At first I thought the book was a little strange and I didn't understand it much, but as I got further and further into it it became more interesting.  I felt myself being pulled into the society in which Jonas and his family live.  This society is so very different than our own and it is interesting to see what the world would be like if we were all the same.  The book really stresses the importance of individuality, emotions, and memories.  As you read through the story you find that the ""perfect"" society isn't so perfect.  There are many flaws and things that people can no longer enjoy.  I've always wondered what it would be like if everyone was the same and now I have my answer.  I think The Giver is well worth reading.  It's not hard to understand yet it brings up many questions and really makes you think.  It's a nice book that you can sit down and easily enjoy in one day."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is about the life in a strange community, where everything is the same. The book deals with the living conditions of the people in the community, with climate control and the controlling reproduction. It also talks about the problems, which originate from total sameness and the living with no differences.In my opinion, it was a very interesting story and it was easy to read, because of the well-known action and the problems which are discussed in the book. Moreover the book motivates the reader to think about his life, the life of other people and the whole development of the human society, because we are already in a time, where genetic food manipulation and the manipulation of the genetic code begins to be normal. This is a point you must think about the lots of scientists, who say they do their work only for helping the people and if this development is the correct way in the future."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is about the life in a strange community, where everything is the same. The book deals with the living conditions of the people in the community, with climate control and the controlling reproduction. It also talks about the problems, which originate from total sameness and the living with no differences.In my opinion, it was a very interesting story and it was easy to read, because of the well-known action and the problems which are discussed in the book. Moreover the book motivates the reader to think about his life, the life of other people and the whole development of the human society, because we are already in a time, where genetic food manipulation and the manipulation of the genetic code begins to be normal. This is a point you must think about the lots of scientists, who say they do their work only for helping the people and if this development is the correct way in the future."
"The Giver,by Lois Lowry I thought was a great book.It is is about a boy named Jonas who is chosen to be a reciever of memory at an age ceromony.Jonas is trained by the giver to have memories.They are the only two that can have memories also.but when Jonas finds out a terrible secret he uses his memories to his advantage.  The four main characters are the giver, Jonas, Gabe and Jonas's father.I think the theme of this book is that feelings are more important than order and samenass.Witch is a good lesson for kids to learn.If they did not learn it they wold be bossy and worried about everything being fair.  I thought this book was a really good book and I would reccomend this book to people a much a posible.The thing I like most about this book is the ending.I liked it because it was mostly up to us to decide what happened.So in conlusion I really liked this book and if you like good books you will too!"
"I must confess, I bought this book to test out my Kindle's ability to play talking books. I must say for this book at least, the audio is abysmal. There are a female and a male voice, and neither has any inflection at all. Well, I know the audio works, but don't care to use it. As for the book itself, it was quite good. It is about a society where the highest aim is to be like everyone else, dress like everyone else, eat what everyone else does, and except for occupation, to do exactly what everyone else does. And you don't pick out your own occupation or your own mate or your own children; the state does it for you. Communism on steroids.Sounds dreary and it is, for a while. The young protagonist starts to see things most don't, starts to feel uneasy about it, and in the end, he goes off on his own to try to find a better place. There is a lot more I didn't tell you, and it IS a good book."
"Over the summer I read a book called the ""Giver"" for my PRE-AP language arts class and I really liked the book. I liked some parts of the book and some parts i did not like or did not understand.If you wold like  to find out about more of my review please read on.  The parts of the  book that I really liked about the book were it's elaborations and how on  some parts ho they made it clear and how they had great allusions and  alsohow they made characters names fit the books such as Jonas,Gabriel,The  Giver's name. Jonas which means (dove a symbol of peace).In the book how  they showed this is when jonas found out that release meant to kill.When  Jonas knew exactly what it meant he knew what he had to do and that they  were going to release gabriel,he took Gabriel and took him to elsewhere  and he left everything he knew and loved and left it behind just to save  someones life not worring about his own."
"This book is interesting! Plus it makes you think. Lowis lowry is very clever because it the book makes you wonder 'what happened?' Because you might think one thing like jonas actaly made it to else where right? wrong! I thing he actually dies. If you read between the lines you can see what actally happened.Its realy sad though. Jonas is my faveorite character in the book because he seems different from everyone else. he has pale eyes,and can 'see beyond'. He seems like me cuz i think im different from everyone else too.i had to read this book for my 6th grade class. I ended it 2 weeks ago. I give this book 4 stars because the book makes you want to think and because there is only more than one answer. The down side is that the ending is sad and the ending doesnt tell you what happend next. Its like anyone could make a seqel out of the ending. This would go in my faveorite catigories. I hope it does w/ you too!"
How would you like to live in a place were you didn't have feeling and can't see any colors and was lived in a place were they decade who your marry to and what job you get and who your kids are. if you were a twin one of them {the one that has the most weight } was killed and nobody would know and they would care. well that what the main character jones had to put up with. this book was written by lois lowery about a world of total rules and law. the story star out about when jones stars to see color like red a apple and his friend hair at the middle is when jones at his saramony of twelve{they get  there jobs} he got a special job the highest respected and he get a them feeling and colors his jobs was called the receiver of memory and at the end i do what to spoil it so you will have to read it yourself.i would reconmend this to people who like a mystory and ways that other people live
"The book ""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry deals with a ""perfect"" organized community, in which the 12 Year-old boy Jonas gets to know the bad sides of his ""perfect"" world. At the beginning of the book the boring style was pretty difficult to read, also the many new vocabularies made several problems. But the more I read, the easier it got, and in the end it was as easy to read as a german book. At first it was difficult to imagine to be a person who isn't able to see colors and to feel things like love. I also became a little frightend, about the thought that such a community really exists, because before the truth about being released was mentioned, it seemed to be a perfect community; and why shouldn't such a community exist (become true)?But the more I read I was able to see the things with Jonas' eyes.A great book, resonable thoughts, nothing unreal, no fantasy at all!Read it and make your own opinion!"
"The Giver, by Lois Lowry is a richly packed novel adventure.  Lois Lowry skillfully fascinates her readers with a story that deals with real concepts such as, the meaning of life.  This novel was so enjoyable because it allowed me to open myself up to new ideas and use my imagination to enter the world of Jonas.  By the end of the first chapter I was so interested in the book I just couldn't put it down.  I specifically enjoyed the way the author transformed the reader into the world of the main character, Jonas.  The readers, like Jonas are asked to question their beliefs, dreams and uncertainties.  This novel is so abundantly filled with adventure and imagination that I highly recommend Lois Lowry's, The Giver.  It is an enjoyable experience that all should partake in, whether young in age or young in heart."
"The Giver,by Louis Lowry, is about a community wherre there isn't any violence, famine, sickness, or crime. In the community where a twelve year old boy named Jonas lives, the family units are picked out, you don't have  any thoughts, and when you dream, they give you a pill to help make it go  away. In the community, the career you do is chosen for you. I sort of  liked and disliked this book because of how people were being controlled by  a council and not having any thoughts and having to control their dreams by  taking pills. Also, people are forced to have careers that best suit them.  But this is what I like about this book. When you get chosen for your  career, you picked for a specific career by the council watching over you  and picking out your career when the ceremony occurs for the career you  get."
"Most of my friends had this book read to them by their teacher when we were in the 5th grade. I was not so fortunate, but before I saw the movie, I wanted to make sure I finally read the book, twenty or so years later.What an inventive story! I feel like it's the type of story that you'd see all over the place now - with the popularity of these alternate society books/movies popping up. I love that it was written so long ago. And I remember Lois Lowry from when I was much younger. I truly loved Number the Stars, and I honestly like The Giver just as much.Heartbreaking, honest, and real. And so well written. Love Lois Lowry and look forward to reading the rest of this series. This book deserves all the praise it gets - it truly makes you think. I'm only sorry I didn't read it years ago."
"The book, The Giver, by Lois Lowry is about a community that is much like Eutopia. In this community everything is either the same or picked for you. Everyone's job and spouse are picked by the elders, All colors are the same, and the weather never changes. When a kid named Jonas turns twelve he is chosen to become the next ""Receiver of Memories"". As he is going through the training to become the next ""Receiver"" he matures and he realizes that life isn't better if everyone is the same and that their spouses and their jobs are picked for them but that life is all about making their own choices and that things like colors and weather just make everything happening in life even better. Overall this book was great except that the ending kinda left you to imagine what happens and doesn't embellish on what happens."
"In my opinion this was a very good book.  I think that the author had to put a lot of time and effort into writing this book so she could make yet another top seller.  She had very good details and descriptions of what life must have been like for Jonas.  She had a good way of telling how the memories made the beholder feel.  This is what I like about the book.In a less positive not I think that because this was such a detailed and descriptive book the author just go tired of it.  But to get to the point there could have been a better ending.  I think that a sequel would have been too much, but at the same time maybe 10 extra pages woundn't have hurt.  But in the end I think this was a very good book and had to have taken a lot of time and effort to write so I have to give her credit there.7.3 ZPM"
Louis Lowry's the Giver is offers an extremely interesting look at a possible future in a Utopian society that is both well written and philosophically interesting.  Of these positive aspects the most significant are the philosophical problems and ideas suggested by the work.  Most notable of these is the balance of safety and elimination of the negative aspects of the world with the elimination of the truly beautiful and wonderful things exist as well.  These along with other musings on individuality form a novel that is intellectually stimulating as well as simply enjoyable.  The book is plainly written and should be easily accessible to anyone over the age of twelve or even eleven (although they may not quite grasp the full implications of the novel).  I would recommend this book to readers of all ages.
"In a futuristic society where individuality is suppressed to be virtually non-existent, a young boy tests the limits of conformity. ""Selected"" to be the new Receiver of the community, Jonas begins to understand the hypocrisy and deceit his entire life has been based on, and the realization that maybe the ""perfect"" community was lacking some things that were essential to life. Jonas' story is a defiant struggle of the self versus the masses, in which one young boy will strive to maintain that which he holds dear. The Giver is an excellent story of a Utopian society that is perhaps not all its cracked up to be. Although based on a middle school reading level, the story contains ideas that can be re-examined over and over again. The Giver is a truly brilliant and insightful work about the evils of conformity."
"I didn't love this book, but it made me think about how mindless our nation is, because in this book the civilization has removed all pain, or feelings for anyone or anything.  No animals, no giving birth to your own babies and killing anyone who is not at their prime and perfect in every way.  It made a point of what happens when you give up all freedoms to the government and what is most precious to the human civilization is Freedom.  When reading this book, you get a taste of what is happening in our civilization today. Children and people who are not paying attention are being brainwashed into letting government take over our basic life needs and we are losing our freedom. Women are mindlessly aborting babies paid to do so by government, Elderly are encouraged to end their lives. Not my favorite book."
The Giver is a book that is about a child growing up in a place that is totally shut out to the rest of the world and because it is that means that all the people in this town have rules and regulations to follow but if you  call that folklore than I have always had the wrong definition because I  thought that folklore was a set of stories that people base their lives on.  But in another aspect it is folklore because the way the people in the  communtiy live is all based on the way things used to be so yes The Giver  is an apppropriate book for the study of folklore it makes a person think  real hard and wonder does this book fit the desciption of folklore and that  has to me judged by the reader.  I believe this is an excellent book to  read if you want your mind to wander because I know mine sure did.
its an interesting view point on a book. I have read this many times. I enjoy the book. its an intresting twist.
"My class was assigned two books to read for the summer (ThePearl and the Giver) I read the Pearl first because it was shorter Iheld off reading the giver until I had little time to read it. I was afraid I wouldn't be able to finish it before school started so I started reading as fast as possible. I loved it. I read it in about a week because I wanted to see what would happen next. The Giver is about a young boy, Jonas, who lives in a colorless world who is singled out to recieve special training from the Giver. Everyone in his town has their choices made for them. Their jobs, spouses, etc. There is no war, pain, poverty, or anything else having to do with that. But Jonas learns of the memories of the past such as snow, sledding, colors, rainbows, and painful stuff like guns and sunburns. This book is really good if you have a chance to read it you should."
"This is a truly wonderful depiction of mankind attemping to preserve only the ""good"" characteristics of life.  Lowry clearly shows us the benefits of both worlds; in one world, suffering and happiness coexisted, in the other only ""happiness"" existed; in the former, life was  sometimes unfulfilling and stressful, in this world, life is predetermined  and stressfree.  However, as Lowry expertly shows, if we let go of the  ""bad"" things in life, the ""good"" things cease to have  as much value.  To Love without knowing what it is to Hate; to be Happy,  without knowing what Sadness is; in some way the value of our emotions is  lessened if we do not know what the opposite emotion feels like.  Lowry  helps us to see the many good things which exist in our world today...as  well as the necessity of some ""bad"" things."
Even memories are controlled in the world of this story. Natural urges are checked with drugs. There are rules for every stage of life. What a horrible future for creative and curious humans.An artificially-controlled society is a sterile society. There can be no growth. There is only sameness.To some degree The Giver reminded me of Ayn Rands Anthem. Of course other stories have explored similar themes. This is good. Their popularity means that many people do not want to live in cages.Interesting to notice one difference in motivation in the conclusion of The Giver vs Anthem. In The Giver the young narrator is motivated by compassion. The narrator of Anthem is motivated by the desire for individual expression. Both motives take the narrators in the same direction. This is because both require individual thought/action.
"When every child in the village reaches the age of 12 they are assigned a job they will attend for the rest of their life. SO when Jonas recives the job of the reciver of memory he's a little more than nervous. He's supposed to recive memories of the past so he can help instruct the leaders of the village. But as he recieves memories he sees a new society, of how things used to be. A place where color, music, pain, and war exists. He also notices the flaws ot the society that he lives in today. WHat will he do about it?I found this book to be both moving and inspiring. Like other books I have read it forces you to think of what the future could be like. A more likely version than alien's taking over and having a Star wars-esque way of living. I would reccomend this book to anyone who has an open mind to orginal fiction. It's really a five star book!"
"I first read this book 5 years ago and I just finished it again. It was as good now as it was then. Lois Lowry is a perfect example of a compelling and proficient YA author.The story is about 20 years old and still one of the best YA dystopia's out there. I haven't seen a young adult or children's dystopia that has met or surpassed The Giver in both quality of writing or as an interesting, appealing and thought-provoking storyline.I suspect the ambiguous ending might have been a bit of dissatisfaction for some people but it never was for me. I was fine with the ending, yet, I was very pleased to learn there were sequels to this book! Quartet actually! I have yet to read the last book in the quartet (Son) but I highly recommend the second and third books 'Gathering Blue' and 'Messenger.' They are also very well done! A must read!"
"Perfect.Can you imagine a life that's perfect?Well, that is how life is in Jonas's world. Welcome to the Community; A place with no color, crime, free will, individuality or pain; a place where your life is picked out for you by someone else and public apologies must constantly be given for even the smallest thing; a place that's...perfect. Or so that's what Jonas thought until he learned that his role in the Community was to be The Receiver. His job is to receive all of the world's memories and emotion from The Giver. With this job lies a heavy responsibility on young Jonas who must now deal with knowing about war, pain, love and heartache while the rest of his world doesn't.With thought provoking issues and detailed descriptions, I would reccomend this book to any reader who likes thiking outside of the box."
"Can you imagine living in a world where there is no poverty, everyone is kind and polite.  There is no illness, or disease, no real pain.  Sounds wonderful, right?Lois Lowry show us such a world in The Giver.  She also explores what we would have to give up to have this 'sameness'Jonas is happy with his life.  He has his 'family unit', mother, father and one sister, just like all the other families.  He enjoys playing with his friends and riding his bike.  He is apprehensive however about the upcoming ""Ceremony of 12"".  At 12 yrs old each child is given their assignment or their career.  What will Jonas be asked to do?  Will he like it he wonders?After he receives his assignment and begins his training, he begins to see his whole world in a different light.A facinating book that will linger with you long after you put it down."
I expected a lot more umph from this story and believe it had the potential to really blow my mind and it sadly didn't.
"I think this was a rather interesting book, mostly due to the fact that it takes palce in the future. I usually like futuristic stories, and out of all of them i have rea, this has to be one of the wierdest by far. First off, the settting takes place int his little town that has a bundle of rules that the whole town has to obey. The main carachter, Jonas, is assigned to the role of the reciever. He recieves memoreis from this old dude and realizes how much the community is messed up. It's a good book, and it keeps you interested in the story, though through the middle of book, it starts to get alittle boring. Good news is that is starts to get more exciting when he leaves the town. The only thing i didn't like about the book was the ending. The author left us hanging there, but i guess the point of this ending is to let the reader think of the ending."
"""The Giver"" was a very good book. It was mostly about Jonas and him growing up. It explained his whole community and how things were there. Jonas was a very happy child, never worried, or he didn't even wonder that  much about things elsewhere. When Jonas turned 12 his whole began to change  for him. He was given the job Reciever. He could recieve memories other  people in his community couldn't. The Give r gave himmemories of real life  of war, pain, agony, starvation, seasons, colors and even death. All those  memories turned Jonas's life upside down as well as educated him. He  started to feel he didn't want to be in that community anymore because he  didn't agree with the way the community. He planned to leave the community  to go to elsewhere. The Giver hepled him fulfill his plan, and Jonas was  able to get away with Gabe to elsewhere."
"...With an awesome plot but it was one of those books that leaves you sort of hollow and with a new look of what the world may become. You know your so engrossed in thinking it over in your head you walk into walks and can't talk for about an hour. A world without color, love and choices, is a scary thought. It took me only a day to read this mostly because it was too good to put down but also because I'm a very fast reader. Even if it is a very good book and thought provoking, I don't think younger kids should read it. It may not make a lot of sense to them and that ruins a story when you have to come back and read it later after a failed attempt. By now your probably wondering why I gave it only four stars. The reason is no matter how many times I read the ending I still wonder: What the hell happened?"
"The Giver is a very good book.  Jonas, a young boy, lives in a perfect community.  He has never known colors, felt fear or love.  In December, his life changes.At the ceremony of Twelve, he is selected to recieve the memories of pain and joy. The Giver transmitts the memories by placing his hands on Jonas' back.Some memories are painful. 'They have never known pain,' He thought. He's overwhelmed with responsiblity. 'But you suffer all the time.' When he becomes so stressed, he runs away with Gabriel, a Newchild. As he rides down the hill with the sled,  memories of joy and love come to him. The end is ambiguous, leaving the reader to decide Jonas and Gabe's fate.The Giver is a Newberry Medal winner. It's a, ""One more chapter!"" book. If you read The Giver, you will be glad you did."
"Could I recommend this book?  Perhaps, just because it was based on an interesting premiss and will give you something to think about.  I liked the way Lois Lowry's imagination set up this total society where everyone was the same, having shed their personal differences in preference for a safe, pain free life.  I just wish she had delved a little more on just how this whole society came to be this way, what happened, or didn't happen to make them so complacent and accepting of their fate.  I loved the awakening, the choosing to choose.  The realization that having no choices is not really living. Read it and then appreciate all the choices you make hundreds of times a day and how your life would be different if you couldn't do so. Easy read, something to think about but somewhat shallow on development."
"A marvelous dystopian future, with most of the ""sci-fi"" stuff hidden behind the scenes.  The writing is wonderful, and the protagonist someone we can all identify with.  My only complaint is the somewhat abrupt and unsatisfying ending.  This is a rather famous book, and should probably be in any serious reader's collection.  I recommend for age 12 and up.  Older teens probably won't appreciate it, but once past the ""I don't read kids books"" phase it can be read again for more depth and analysis.  For some reason, Giver gets banned a lot, which I can't fathom.  The only thing I can think is an issue; there is one particularly distressing scene.  Parents should probably read this first so that can both decide what age is appropriate for the child to read it and to be prepared to discuss some major issues."
"I'll start by saying I highly recommend this book for kids ages 12-16 or so. However, I read this book at the age of 24 and still consider it a good book which I'm happy to have read. The beginning was a bit slow and had me worrying I would not be able to relate to the main character, a 12 year old boy, and therefore not enjoy the book. Once I learned more about the boy's world it became very interesting. There were chapters which I found very exciting. The reason I believe it's better suited for younger readers is that I found some of what are suppose to be big, surprising revelations in the story quite predictable for an adult. Instead of shock I felt more like I saw it coming chapters ago. I'd still recommend the book for people of all ages, yet I'd love to find its equivalent for an adult audience."
"I don't know why this was given such high accolades. This story was just...ok. Thankfully, it was a short read.The book is appropriate for very young readers being introduced to societal topics of conformity, and how individuals thoughts and rights could be circumvented.  The ending, however, would have been much better with an epilogue.Did they(Jonas & Gabe) freeze to death and sleigh into his fantasy of a family that showed affection? Did they actually find another community? Did the community Jonas left receive the past memories? Did the Giver have some nefarious intention by helping Jonas leave?  Or was the status quo of the community maintained and no one ever spoke the name Jonas again?  Do I care? Not really....the story was simple, slow and thankfully short because it had little depth."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is one of the interesting novels that I have read. I recommend this book not only 12 years old boys but adults also.  This story brings thinking about life and society.  The author gives ideas about sameness and difference of society.  In Jonas society, every person has same experience and doesnt have to worry about basic needs.  Also, the society doesnt have a social gab.  It is like a utopian society; however, The Committee of Elder decides persons entire life.  At age of 12, every person is received an assignment by the Committee.  Jona, a main character, receives an assignment of the Receiver of Memory.  He receives memories of everything, that prohibit other people in Jonas society, from The Giver.  Jona recognizes secrets of the society, and his adventure starts."
"What would you do if you lived in a world with no color, no fear, and no pain?  Jonas' world is perfect until he turns twelve.  He receives special training from the Giver.  The Giver has memories of before, before there were cures for everything.  The memories that are now Jonas are of war, of sickness, and of fear.  Jonas has never experienced such things before.  Will Jonas quit or try to find that other world? The author, Lois Lowry, is telling the reader that even though you're scared of things that you've not experienced, don't give up for what you want.  I rate this book five ***** because it's suspenseful.  You don't know what's going to happen next.  It's one of those books that you just can't put down.  So if you want to know more and find out what happens to Jonas read The Giver."
"The Giver was an outstanding novel written by Lois Lowry. It's about a youth named Jonas, who lives in a blank, cruel world with no feelings or color. He is selected to become the new receivor of memory and gets to  enjoy all the memories of the past. The memories give him color, feelings,  and the ability to express himself. He thinks of his world being unfair  because he and his master are the only ones who have color, feelings, and  the knowledge of the past. Jonas and the Giver plan an escape that will  release Jonas's memories into the community. A problem comes up and Jonas  is forced to disobey his master and escape before his master gives him the  strength he might need. He knows of nothing that lies ahead, and has no  sure idea how to survive. Will he find elsewhere, or will he die in trying?"
"""The Giver"" was an interesting, well written book. It portrays the life of an ordinary boy growing up in an seclusive town refered to as the ""Community"". The main character Jonas grows up in the  community until he's a ""12"" which is the beginning of your adult  life. When Jonas is given his ""assignment"" which is like his  lifetime job. He is given ""reciever of memory"".  He then learns  of everything that the town is secluded from. When Jonas learns about the  outside it scares him to know what's on the outside. He also learns what  people are really like and it scares him to a point where he feels he needs  to leave the community all together. This book is portrayed excellently of  how a perfect town can easily become twisted around to someplace scary."
"The Giver  would be a  great book  to read if you wanted  to get a sense  of what it would be like to live in a perfect society and compare it to how  our society is today.  Jonas, the main character of the story, lives in a  community where everyone is presumed to  be perfect  and no  freedom of  expression was allowed. These people had no understanding of how it would  be to feel love, pain, or happiness. This community was controlled  and  assigned by a group of elders. This has reflected on our society today  since now  we have  the media and politicians trying to govern our lives.  We have laws to obey,  and yes we may  decide to act on illegal actions,yet  there are always consequences that we have to face. We might not realize  this but this has reflected and exists in our society today."
"BriefINK (from review on InkandPage.me)I have had some books for a long time that I have finally read for the first time, too. I have never read The Giver by Lois Lowry; of course, it has been around forever, and probably was one of the first YA titles that was about a dystopian society. I bought it so I could read it before the movie came out, but I never got to it since I never saw the movie. I thought it was a stand-alone book when I read it, and it wasnt until recently that I saw that there were more than one. Volume 1 is so slim; you really dont think that much can happen in such a short novel, but believe me, it packs a punch. Having said that, though, I cant claim to have actually enjoyed the book. The ending, especially, made me (literally) throw the book across the room."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is an exciting and adventurous book. Some of the characters you will meet are Jonas,a twelve year old boy who wants change, gabriel, a toddler who is in a life threatning situation, and the giver, a wise, sensitive, old man.They all live in a perfect community in desperate need of change, pain, and love. Everything is precise and orderly. when Jonas gets chosen for a very honorable job,the giver transmits memories of the old world.I enjoyed this book and thought it was a page turner. I couldn't put the book down when Jonas and the giver had to make a life changing decision for the good, or bad of the community. I would recomend this book to kids 10 and up.Any younger and they might not undertstand the advanced langauge. It uses words like chastisment and ominous."
"I first read this book ages ago, but we selected it for a quick read for our monthly book club this month.  Somehow, I forgot that it was a ""young adult"" book so had to keep that in mind while I read it.  It's a very short book, and very thought-provoking, but not incredibly engaging.  Although I enjoyed the story and definitely recommend it, it wasn't an overly-exciting page-turner for me.  I think it would be wonderful for a parent to read along with their young teenager.  It reveals a very interesting societal concept and I think would open up quite a few channels for real-world communication for a parent/""child"".(Would give it 4-stars for young-adult readers.)Good read - just make sure you remember its literary level and target audience while reading and you'll enjoy it!"
"The Giver won a myriad of awards and deserved every one. My criteria for awarding my 5 stars is, ""Will I remember this story next week and does it leave me pondering the book's ending?"" The Giver makes us think about freedom at the most basic level. We must also ponder which is more important, freedom or safety, having needs immediately satisfied through keeping people ignorant or allowing people to make their own decisions though they won't have the cushion of large numbers of people to accomplish goals. Can people live with harsh punishments for breaking miniscule rules? The Giver asks us to ponder many such questions and to contemplate how the story may relate to our own government and how our liberty and freedoms have been and continue to be diluted and even stolen by socialistic leaders."
"I was a little disappointed with the book after seeing the movie trailer.  I thought it would have been different but it was not a bad book, I actually liked it.  I am going to assume that there were a lot of hints toward religion or the belief of it in here.  I am not a religious person so I may have seen it a different way than was to lead to believe.  I think the ending could have been one of two things, death or life, either way I am not sure.  It does make a lot of sense in the story about how people like to ignore the bad things around them, even when it is in their face.  I think the bravery for what he did speaks volumes. I am happy that he stood up for what he believed but I wish he could have done it without running.  To make the people see the truth would have been so much better."
"Can you imagine a world with no sickness, hunger or poverty? What if, in this world there were also no choices or real emotional depth? Where everything is the same. Jonas lives in this world. Everything is chosen for you. Your clothes, your job even your spouse and children. Jonas has grown up in this world and doesn't know there is anything more to life, until he is chosen for a very special position. Once Jonas finds out there is more, he struggles to find a way to experience this other world. Will he find it?This book was recommended to me by my thirteen year old daughter, who read it in class. I loved this book. I can't wait to read the next book, Gathering Blue, because The Giver leaves you with a cliff hanger! For anyone who likes YA Dystopian novels, this is a must read."
"As soon as I started reading, I didn't want to stop. When I read this, the words soaked into me. If you like dystopian fiction, this book is for you. It starts a wonderful series of books that can change the way you think about the world and the future. The subject of release can be a little scary for younger children, but older children and advanced readers should be able to deal with this. There will be some readers who are more advanced or older that will find it a little scary. I did at first, but then the rest of the book pushed me into getting over it. This book and its series display to the reader a lot of subjects and ideas that really make you think. I find this good in a book, for I enjoy thinking and pondering problems and subjects. If you do too, you'll probably like this book."
"The story is a very powerful theme. Its a theme of defying authority. Its a warning against the government taking over our lives and us letting our freedoms be removed from us methodically. Today we remove prayer from school and tomorrow we part of American history. Soon were stuck learning math, language and science only just like Jonas perfect community. It shows that choice should never be removed no matter how much chaos bad decisions cause the rest of us. Our society is not perfect. Theres starvation, neglect, abuse and anger running rampant. But theres also love, charity, creativity and freedom. I wouldnt trade those things for anything. My favorite part of this book is that you dont really know how the story ends. Lowry lets us make the choice  which is the whole purpose."
"When I saw the trailor for the movie, I decided to read the book first.  I absolutely loved the book and hope that the movie can do it justice.  The concept of ""sameness"" as outlined in the book reminds me of ""The Stepford Wives"".  Everyone does as they are told when they are told to do and everyone conforms to a set of standards as outlined by a group of elders.  A society where there is no original thought, totally absent of emotions and feelings.  The scene where the smaller twin is released was heart wrenching.  How can one do such a thing and feel nothing?!  It was at that point that Jonas realizes a sense of right and wrong.  He becomes a true hero when he saves baby Gabriel.  I am looking forward to reading the rest of the series.  Great read for young and old alike."
"The reason that this book is so great is that it can be read on two levels.  The first, more obvious level is that it tells a story about what the future could possibly be like.  The concept of a colorless, symetrically boring society is very original and provokes thought in the reader.  The main plotline tells the story of a young boy's struggle when he begins to realize all the things that once existed in the world, such as color, animals and emotions.  The fact that only he knows the real truth creates a deep sense of loneliness in the 12 year old.  Moreover, this book can be read on a deeper level.  The themes of conformity and morality hold a strong presence in this novel.  In short, ""The Giver"" is an excellent story that can be enjoyed by all readers over 11 years old."
This is an absolutely intriguing novel to teach the value of life. Absolutely one you should try not to miss.
"Sometimes we forget how lucky we are to be free, to feel, to choose. The Giver is a good reminder. Sameness is a community without colors, music, and feelings.  Everyone is well taken care of.  No worries about food, spouse, career - all will be decided for you. Sounds like utopia - everything is peaceful - even the weather is well controlled. Yet in order to keep the community safe, one is selected to pay the price, to take the load of the past. As the story evolves, the author reveals the secrets behind Sameness, and what it would take for an individual to make a change. Once i finished reading the book, i could not stop thinking about the dilemmas it raised. yet the most striking question for me was - are we allowed to erase our past? I hope you enjoy the book as I and my son did."
"It is the future, Jonas, a twelve year old boy, lives in a perfect community. There is no war, hunger, and job shortness because the citizens are assigned jobs by the Committee of Elders. At the annual "" Ceremonies "" it is Jonas' turn to be singled out and selected to be the "" Receiver of Memory. "" Jonas meets "" The Giver "" and little does Jonas know, he will embark on an adventure of a life time and learn the many secrets and past of his community.  I like the book "" The Giver "" because it teaches us the values of love and family. I enjoyed learning about the procedures in the community although I disliked the open-ending. I would have liked to know for sure what happens to Jonas at the end so I would not have to guess. I rate this book four out of five because of this reason."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is a must read book that will hook you into the story from the first chapter. A 12 year old boy, Jonas, tries to bring back memories to his colorless, emotionless world.At the choosing ceremony, Jonas was not called till the very end. The head chief says that Jonas has not been chosen, but he has been selected. His selection was to be the receiver of memory, a very important, needed job.At Jonas's first day on the job, he meets the Giver; the one who is supposed to train him. Jonas is trying to show his world the colors and the memories such as sledding. Will Jonas be able to bring back the memories? If you can relate to no one believing you or trying to tell you to do otherwise, I think this book would be the perfect choice for you."
"I'd read ""The Giver"" in elementary school and really enjoyed it then.  As I was looking for books on Amazon recently, I came across it and decided to buy it since I'd loved it as a kid.  As soon as I got it in, I started reading it and I actually liked it more as an adult than a child!""The Giver"" shows what society could be like if we decided to make everyone the same.  It will really make you think twice about wishing you were like someone else.Lois Lowry does a wonderful job of keeping the book engaging, yet easy to read.  I also really like the way the story progresses and unfolds--you are let into Jonas' world.I would recommend ""The Giver"" to anyone age 10 and up.  It would also be a great book to read as a family because it fosters all sorts of discussions."
"I thought that the book was awsome!  It really caught my interest and I liked that Jonas was different from every one else in the story.  It makes the story more interesting when jonas discovers that he is different from the others, and he gets these amazing memories.  The only bad thing about it is that he cannot share these memories with any of his freind or family, just Gabriel.  Jonas also is not allowed to discuss any of his training, or take medication to relive the pain from his training,and the painful memories that he recieves from the giver.(Oh I forgot to mention some of the memories are aslo painful) Jonas uses some of his peaceful memories to help Gabriel to sleep at night.  I would definately recomend this book to others.And that's all I have to say about this book."
"I like this book {The Giver} because its like a whole new world in our mind that we just dont know where it is. My faviorte charicter is Jonas because he is the star of the book is Jonas. Jonas is a smart young man that always likes goming up with ideas because he is very smart.I like jonas because he soo samrt and i think thats why he gets to be the reciver f memory.I can relate to Jonas because in the book Jonas is turning twelve and my birthday is coming up as I turn twelve. my secend part is in the book i lke aow lois lowwry is open ended i like how at the end of the end of the book she leaves it blank , i think thats cool. And Jonas has a sister and i have a sister to so thatscool to. I also like the giver because he is the most wise man in all of the very cood book."
I had to read this book for my summer reading assignment for the 10th grade at first when I heard the title I though what a boring book but then when i bought the book iand actually started to read it I though that it was acutally and awesome bok and I really became interested in it. When i was called down for dinner by my mom I was soo into the book that i forgot she told me that dinner was ready and i just kept on reading it.therefore before I knew it it was 10 o'clock in the night and i was in the middle of the story. I loved all the imagery and characters that they had it was an great adventure and i really enjoyed reading it. So for all those kids who had to read this book and though what a bummer it really is a great book for you to read and you'll love every second of it.
"Unfortunately, I did not read the novel until my freshman year in college, and yet the theme was still somewhat difficult for me to comprehend at this level, because of its'complexity.  For some reason I believe that this story would be difficult for younger children (such as fifth grade) to comprehend.  I am not usually a fan of science fiction, however, I enjoyed this novel immensely. Lowry shows that even the most perfect world is still flawed.Yet, surprisingly, she took the components of the novel from her real life experiences.  Although I know that the book ended exactly the way that Lowry wanted it too, I still think that she should have included some more information as to what was to happen to Jonas. From reading most reviews, that was the major problem addressed."
"I enjoyed this whole trilogy, and this is an excellent read. So far, I have enjoyed all of Lois Lowry books."
"This book is good literature based on my 3 main reasons. First, it was full of adventure and action. Also it was full of feelings, and finally it had lots of description. It was full of adventure and action, because for example every memory Jonas had, like the memory of death and ware far.  The book was full of feelings too, because when he had stirrings and when he had the memory of love and friends by the fireplace. Lastly, it had lots of description, for example when Jonas had the memory of him cutting his leg, the author didn't just say ""he cut his leg"" she gave a lot of description of how he felt. One quote is, ""but it will hurt,"" this shows that Jonas had feelings towards something and that the book is full of description. In conclusion that is why it is good literature."
"I don't know what it is about some books but I tend to fall asleep reading them.  There have been only two books that I have not fallen asleep on and ""The Giver"" is the second one.  I wish I would have heard of the book earlier.  ""The Giver"" is about a community that is pretty much living in a utopia type life.  Everything the community does is like polite and incorrect form.  A young boy namd Jonas sees changes once in a while about a couple objects and his friends.  All the children that are twelve's are assigned a job and rarely a job, jonas received, was given out.  Jonas became the receiver of memories.  After a year Jonas sees what is really going on in the community and feels it needs to be changed.  This book is rather interesting and kept me awake, that is hard to do."
"I could never imagine living in a world like the one Lois Lowry wrote in THE GIVER. I don't know what I would do if I  in Jonas's shoes or the Givers. I wouldn't want to live in a world that is all the same. Lois  Lowry was probably writing this to tell usb how our world would be like in the future. What this book is mainly about is that Jonas finds out that his so called utopia world is not really so utpia. He finds out that it nis a distopia and tries to get away from it. This book won a Newbarry Medal in 1994. I really liked this book I just would never want to live there. I couldnn't imagine living in a world with no love, color, reace, real happiness, a real family, realationships, and animals. I think this is one of the best books I ever read in the past few years."
"The Giver was a truly incredible book. While I was reading it, I felt as though Iwas inside Jonass mind, discovering everything as he discovered it, and feeling as he felt.It was an easy read for me because of this involvement, but I thought about it for hoursafterwards. I had to wonder if I could survive in his world, and I eventually reached theconclusion that I could not. I also had to wonder what I would have done in Jonass place,and I do not believe that I have his courage.  It was truly refreshing to read about a herowithout a sword or a gun, but with incredible strength of spirit. The best books are thosethat make you challenge your own beliefs and think about the beliefs of others and theirvalidity, and The Giver was one of the best."
"The Giver was an example of good literature because it had a surprising ending, it had lots of interesting details, and it was full of feelings. The text had a surprising ending because in the text I was ready for a great ending and then it said something about echoes. It had a lot of interesting details like all people looking the same and how people don't have feelings for other people, and the story was full of feelings when Jonas sat at the table with his family and they all shared their feelings. ""Behind him, across vast distances of space and time, from the place he had left, he thought he heard music too. But perhaps it was only an echo."" This text is good literature because it has a surprising ending, it had lots of interesting details, and it was full of feelings."
"I really like the novel ""The Giver"" written by Lois Lowry. The Giver is really a children book, but I think it is also for ancient people. It is a good novel, because in this book, you can see a utopian community without death and pain and other negative properties. The writer uses a great fascinated style to describe the community. In this Community is everything the same, no differences. I think, on the one hand, that is good, because the people live peaceful, but on the other hand, the people cannot see colour and other expressions. But it is interesting to read this book, to see which effects cause when everything is not the same.This book teaches us to be grateful for the gift of choice, the gift of love, and even the gift of pain. I recommend this book for anyone."
"My 6th Grade daughter asked me to read this because they were reading it in school and she wanted to see the movie with me.I was expecting a kids book but found it to be very much more.  The direction the book goes is very thought provoking.If you think as you read you can very easily call to mind a scale, place where we were a hundred years ago, were we are now and where the world in the book is and begin to put aside the idea that we could never get to that point.  The book makes it easy to see that we have moved in this direction over time and how we could move more in this direction.I think this book would be great to read with a group of friends and have discussions along the way.Recommend reading with your brain engaged not as a relaxing read."
"I must admit, I found that once I started this book, it was incredibly hard for me to put it down. Lois Lowry is such a good writer.The plot, I thought, was very interesting and unique. It's set in the future, in a world that is much different than what we know today. The memories that Jonas, the protagonist, must receive (as his job) are all things that we know of today. I found this interesting because it shares a view on what life could be like after many, many generations.Not only did I enjoy the plot, I also enjoyed the book as a well-written piece of literature. Imagery and other literary devices were used very well in this book, which I loved.I recommend this book if you're a fan of science fiction novels. It's an easy, fast read and I'm sure you'd enjoy it!"
"I have read this book about 6 times and I have to say, every time I've read it it's just been magical. There are some things you read or see that you can just read or watch again and again and you never get tired of it!  Jonas was such a courageous boy, so independent. And everyone needs to read  a bit of that these days! In a world of no poverty, no disease, no  true-bred mother father or siblings, no weather changes, no holidays, no  true love. Can you imagine what that would be like? Well, Jonas does, and  that's what makes this book so wonderful. It's realism. Lowry can just pull  you in, let go a bit, then tighten the rope again. I loved this book, and  recommend it for anyone who can read and has good sense about books! Got  any comments email me at BEXAWORM@aol.com"
This is a short read and listed as YA but don't let that fool you. It packs quite a punch in imagining what a world would be if everyone was the same. And if everyone was the same what would happen if you were faced with knowing the world had differences. It would be akin to describing color to the blind or music to the deaf. If we were all blind and deaf the scariest part would be seeing and hearing for the first time. Our brains would have difficulty in comprehending and processing the new stimuli. This is the dilemma our main character faces.The aspect that frustrated me was that the way this world came about was never really explained but I can forgive that because it wasn't the focus of the story.Spend a couple hours to read this little gem. It is well worth it.
"Knowing this was a YA book, I went into it with open eyes.  I didn't read this as a kid, so I didn't have any preconceived notions.I liked this, but a few small things soured it for me.  Chiefly, so many of the concepts of the Giver/Receiver process were nonsensical.  Memories being gifted, and then supposedly they would be gone forever, but then the Giver still remembers them?  Didn't quite add up.I think as well the uber-hippie commune aspect of the book was sort of bland to me, not to mention the non-ending.As an aside I listened to the audio version, and I HATED the special effects dropped into the background of the recording.  It totally took away from the narrator.In all, it was enjoyable, but nothing really stellar."
"It was really fast reading and had my interest until the end.  I couldn't believe it ended like it did.  I decided to read the next in the series thinking it would give me some insight into what happens but it was a completely different set of characters.  While reading the second book I decided I wouldn't read the third if the second had an ending that really didn't give any conclusions.  Well the second book ends almost as badly as the first but reading the sample of the third book it at least seems that the third book is going to have characters from the second book.  Not sure how they made a movie out of ""The Giver"".  If I see the movie it will be just in the hopes that there is some type of ending.  I'm not really sure I would recommend ""The Giver""."
The Giver was a spectacular book! I read it at school forthe academically gifted program. Usually the books are extremely boring to me. This book was so awsome that I am asking for it for my birthday. I cannot wait to read it again. It is about a world totally different from ours everything is supposively perfect but when you dont have any feelings or memories it isnt as good as our world if you really think our world has alot of problems their world doesnt. From day to day their world is perfectly fine but they are just there with no feelings or memories! When you start the book it grabs you and reels you in you can not stop reading it. I loved this book and I rate it with five stars because of the fact that it is so great! It really deserves more than five stars!
"Lois Lowry is the author of the wonderful book, The Giver. This book takes place in the future at a small community were everything is the same. Nobody has feelings in this community either.  Jonas and his family go to  the ceramony were Jonas awaits his life assignment. He is sitting there and  they skip his number. Jonas doesn't know what to think. After the very last  number is called they make a special announcement that Jonas will get the  assignment of the Giver. Eveyone cheers. Jonas learns alot about the past  years. I think that this book should be read to teens all around the  nation. It is a delight and it is fun and easy to read. The author did a  great job and I recommand this book to everyone. Go out to your local  bookstore and pick up the book The Giver!"
"Before I read The Giver one of my first wishes would have been to have a perfect life. Then when I read the book my veiw of a perfect life changed. It took me into a different world where a boy named Jonas lived in a perfect community without feelings. Then when he receives  the assignment of a Receiver of Memory, his life style changes. He finds he has the power to change his world, and he shows me that the perfect picture is not so perfect after all.  The Giver, also reminds me of another book of Lois Lowry's called Gathering Blue. This story also shows me that one person has the power to change their world. I have recommended The Giver to many of my friends, and now I am recommending this book to you. I hope you enjoy it as much as I have."
"I am a 8th grader at a small school and did not read at all orat least for my own interest until last summer. Last summer I pickedthe giver from my book list and decided to read it. When I first started reading the book it was confusing but I continued to read. It took me three days to finish the book. When finished I was speechless, I wanted to read it again. It was a kind of book I had never read before. Since reading the giver I have read about ten books ( which is very good for me)with excitement and enthusiasm and plan to do read more. The Giver opened many doors for me, one I have explained already, my new love for reading. The other, gave me a sense of what I want to do when I am older, I want to be a writer. I give this book five stars and even more if I could."
"As a teacher, it is hard for me to view this book through the eyes of an adult. For anyone who has taught middle school, you know that this is the 6th Grade ""Bible.""As an adult, this is a quick, fast, easy read. One shot in one sitting (if you have the time). Thought-provoking, intriguing with an infamous ending that is as ambiguous as possible.For children/students, I find this to be an easy read if they are on grade-level and it provides a lot of interesting themes, concepts, and ideas that can be ""unpacked"" and discussed in the classroom. The chapters are short enough that students, even those who are initially resistant, seem to enjoy reading it by the end of the unit.Overall: Highly recommend. Short, quick read. Very enjoyable."
"I got this book because it was recomended that I buy it.  I wasn't sure if I wanted to, so I asked my friends.  They said it was a great book.  So I decided to get it.  I was so happy that I got it.  I have read some reviews saying it had some bad material.  I guess if you are under 10 I could agree with this,  but for everyone else this is a must read.  I didn't even particularly like sci-fi books untill I read this.  For some other great sci-fi books read The City of Ember and The people of Sparks (which is a sequal to The City of Ember.)  If you play neopets my screen name is Alex22591alex  Thank-you for taking the time to read my review.  If you wish you can read some of my other reviews."
"This was suggested reading when I was in the 6th grade but I refused to read it because my best friend kept raving about how great it was and I can be that way sometimes.  But when I was a sophmore I picked it up in the library one day and couldnt put it down.  If you dont have even a small life altering moment when you read this, you must be a very cold and angry person.  So much of this book applies to our world today in such a powerful way I really wish some of our politicians and leaders would pick it up.  I HIGHLY suggest every child read this as soon as they can handle the reading level (which isnt high), and I would hope that adults would read it as well.  Some life lessons span beyond age groups.  I'd say its the 1984 for kids, with a few new lessons as well."
"The Giver is about a world that has based there living on utopian ideals.  While reading the book many things caught my interest and have continued to  intrigued me.  One thing is how the author Lois Lowry used the approach of  having all the inhabitants in the society believe that they are happy.  Lowry started the book as if the citizens were preprogrammed to believe  that they were perfectly happy, which is a common approach to many books  based the so called ""perfect world"".  The difference between The  Giver and other books based on a utopian world such as 1984, and A Brave  New World  is that Lowry used a mediocre view of the law system that other  authors did not show in there books. The laws in The Giver could almost be  compared to most of the laws shown in the other books.  I thought the book  The Giver was a intriguing book, because Lowry used a style of writing that  most people have not seen before in a book based on a utopian society. `"
"My son had to read this for his 8th grade Language Arts class... so we both read it. It was ok, he actually enjoyed it more than I did!"
"The book was in good shape.  It took a little longer than I had anticipated to receive it, but I was happy with the product I received."
This book really got me thinking about our society and the way people behave towards one another.  We need to celebrate our uniqueness.
I had to read this book 5 years ago and it is still the best book I've ever read. I own over 600 books and this is still my favourite!
"The Giver documents a boy coming of the age where he will be told what he will do with his life. The leaders of this world watch the children as they grow, and decide for them what their lives will be. Personality traits still exist, levels of intelligence still exist, but things that are common to us--like colors, pain, and independence--do not. Sameness is the goal of the community, and everyone is treated the same, if you're too different, you might get `released'. Jonas is burdened with the career of Receiver of Memory. With new understanding of the world, Jonas has to decide whether to accept the disguised brutality of the community around him or to try to make a difference with his knowledge, though its might get himself `released'.The story is very moving, you really feel sorry for both Jonas and The Giver. It's also very addicting, and I had a hard time putting it down. I would recommend for preteens or teens around the 7th-9th grade area."
"When I read this book a quite number of years ago, and I remember being somewhat confused and a little overwhelmed by the message it sent. Well, I always was a fairly advanced reader, so I was probably in Elementary School when I tackled this one, which was probably a little young to successfully grasp the whole meaning. From reading the kids' reviews for this book, it seems to me that others are having the same trouble. While this is indeed meant for kids, it has some adult-level ideas in it that may be difficult for some children to understand in their entirety (although in all fairness, I'm not sure I truly understood the true importance of The Giver and the Keeper of Memories until I became a History Major).Overall, though, I would recommend this book to anyone, Adults and children alike (though I would probably aim it at 6th/7th grade and up to ensure comprehension). Do not miss this book. It is a quick read, but worth the time and effort."
"I am a teacher, librarian and author, and I have read hundreds of books over the years.  To be honest, I didn't think I would like this book, but several hours later I finished it.  WOW!!! I couldn't put it down.  I truly liked Jonas, his family and his friends.  And, as I came to know The Giver, my heart went out to this man.  I hope all goes well for Jonas and the members of this community.  Lois Lowry did an outstanding job of creating a furturistic world which seems to be perfect, but in reality is as imperfect as our own world.  I am busy recommending this book to everyone I know.  We are going to have a book discussion program in our church for children fourth grade and up accompanied by a parent, teens and adults.  We are looking forward to it.  Those in our church who have yet to read it are very curious when those of us who have read it go into a corner and discuss what we've read in hushed whispers.  Thank you to Lois Lowry for a fantastic story!!!"
"By any chance I got to know the Giver. Now, after finishing reading the book, I'm so happy that I had the chance to read it. I just finished the book, and I'm so overwhelmed and fascinated by it. There is the most unforgettable part in the book. It's about the memory. Having memories is so complicated. It's pleasant and painful to have them but it should be shared because unless, you will feel the devastating loneliness. But without the memories, other don't know how you feel, and what's going on in the world(quite in general). Literally they have no idea. Once you share the exact same memories anyway(if it is possible), the memories you had will be changed and faded (biased to some extent) which is so sad... For sure everybody feels about the book in every different way. But the book definitely give me a hint about memories, experiences, and lives. Thank you Lois Lowry. I'm so lucky to have read this book in the right moment of my life. Thank you so much."
"An awesome read on a world that knows no pain, suffering or indifference. Imagine living in a society where everything was the same; with no love, pain or suffering, color, or freedom to have choices or the ability to effect change. Where all you knew was that of the society you now reside in....there is no past or any memories of it. Where each member of the society is assigned a job, a husband and wife, even the 2 children, you are allowed, are assigned. A simple pill erases any pain or urges you may experience.The rules are governed by The Elders where they make all choices for the people, they enforce ""sameness"" in the society. Anyone that doesn't fit the mold of this society is ""released"".The Receiver holds all the memories of the past, all the pain, suffering, joy and emotion. He alone suffers for the society. In this story he passes these memories off to Jonas. Together they decide that change is unavoidable for the society."
"Read this book in English class when I was in 7th grade and I really liked it but was deeply disturbed at the same time while reading it.The Giver is about a utopian society that practices ""sameness"" and is really dull. It has no color, no diversity, no feelings, no weather, nothing whatsoever out of the ordinary. People who aren't perfect, people who break the law and the old are ""released"" from the community to go on someplace else.The main character is selected as ""The Reciever of Memory"" and thus starts his difficult journey as ""The Giver"".The author of this book, Lois Lowry put a huge amount of thought and philosphy into this book and also won an award for it. I would highly recomend reading this book, and it is part of my Permenant Collection."
"This is an extremely powerful little book that invokes so many emotions and demands contemplation.  I was engaged from the beginning by the dystopian society and with Jonas's narrative.  Upon his selection as the next Receiver, he is forced to face some revolutionary concepts as the Giver transfers memories to Jonas.  The relationship that develops between the Giver and his protg is tender and paternal, allowing Jonas to experience love for the first time.  As Jonas comes to terms with his new position in the community and learns the realities of maintaining this harmonious lifestyle, I could completely sympathize with his disenchantment and his impending loneliness.  I was very impressed by the simplicity of the story and its ability to affect me in so many ways."
"It's a real good and scary dysthopic book, but it has no end and I do not like this at all, for all the books. The story of Jonas, his giver of memories, the life in the sameness, the releases, it all seemed a very sad episode of ""The twilight zone"", a must read because it's also very short and full of twist and surprises. veramente un libro bello che mette spavento, peccato che non finisca e quindi ecco il perch delle 3 stelle al posto delle 4 che si sarebbe meritato quasi fino alla fine. La storia di Jonas, di colui che gli cede i ricordi, della vita nell' ""ugualit"", questa visione distopica del futuro sembrava proprio una delle migliori puntate de ""Ai confini della realt"", da leggere anche perch breve e pieno di sorprese."
"Would life really be better if you didn't have to make choices on your own, or feel emotion or pain? This was a quick read and it's interesting that it was written in 1993, waaaaaay before all of the current dystopian series (such as The Hunger Games, Divergent, etc) that are so popular right now. The plot was definitely strong but the characters lacked depth (which was probably part of the point of the book since they lacked emotions, such as love) but I never felt a connection to any of the characters as deeply as I should have, especially The Giver and Jonas. My original plan was to read this book and then have my 7th grader read it but now I am thinking that he would probably be bored by this book since he's already read The Hunger Games and Divergent. Oh well."
"The Giver was recommended to me by my granddaughter as her favorite book.  I found the early chapters a bit confusing as to how the community structure was evolving in such a foreign way.  It mystified me if this story was a human, animal, or unknown species.  As the story unfolded I felt for young readers could be frightened or mislead by the structure and rules of the community, on how the community tolerated inhumane rules and violations of human dignity perpetrated on all ages.  From the killing of young babies, the elderly, and the match making of couples in order to marry, as well as only allowing 2 children per family unit.  Where did democracy, freedom, and individual choice disappear to, especially after all the past wars fought to protect FREEDOM for ALL!"
"I enjoyed reading The Giver, the content was always moving along nicely, and was never dull. The writing was witty and had a nice touch of realism to it. The story wasn't to hard to understand but it was very bizzare: a young boy living in a controled community, the community controls everything, no colors, no lanscapes, no animal, no nothing, they don't have this stuff because those type of thoughts could mess up the peacefulness of the community. This boy has ben given the task to have the memories of the outside world. He will get these memories by a man that already has the memories who transfers the memories to him. The only problem I have with this book, is that it rushes into everything too quickly, and seems to not talk to detailful about what is going on."
"(Non-specific spoiler alert) It is a sad commentary on our understanding of the role of literature when a book like this wins the Newberry Award. The author displays an uncanny understanding of mimetic theory (though I have no idea if she's studied it) but she is also someone who appears to think that it is enough to paint a bleak picture of human nature without offering a shred of hope. I read a lot of ""young adult"" literature, screening stuff for my grandkids. I read the opening book and then wind up reading the rest of the Hunger Games or The Maze Runner trilogies. I have no interest at all in reading the rest of this ""quartet"" or buying them for my grandsons. I couldn't be convinced to recommend this book to anyone else under any circumstance."
"I enjoyed reading The Giver because it told a story of a world that became ""perfect"" a creation of mind I guess you could say. But that all came to an end quite after the story progresses to where the main character can't accept the choices that the community that he had once lived in and eventually ran away... He ran not just anywhere, he had run back into that area that has the same imperfect society that we live in today.I was very thankful when I have had been recommended this book I was kind of shocked if you think about. I was shocked in many ways hearing that I should read The Giver because I heard that this book had such great reviews but even then so for me not liking many books that have been written out and about in the world I enjoyed it."
"The title of this review says it all. This was a fascinating story about a young boy and his surroundings. Forced to live in a town where everyone feels the same, and has no past memories to keep them happy, Jonah must take on his role as the receiver of all the old memories from a man he calls The Giver. He soon finds out what it is like to run, play, and be REALLY happy, and he can't stand to feel this way all by himself. So, he has to do something about it. It is hard for me to get through a whole book unless it is incredibly interesting, and I think I might just read this book twice! I recommend this book to anyone who is looking for an escape from his or her everyday world. After reading about what he lived through, our world doesn't seem so bad after all!"
"The Giver,in my opinion,was a great book.It made you think,if society keeped us from feeling pain,sorrow,or rage would the world still have  certain issues.If you have not read The Giver,it's about a boy named Jonas  that lives in a world where every choice wasn't your own, where jobs were  assigned and mates were given. Jonas was assigned to be the receiver, the  only position you could feel emotions, such as love and hate. He is capable  of receiving memories of joyous times and tragic moments. A prisonner is  his own town Jonas finally understand there is more to life than past  memories, there is color, emotions and people of different worlds. This  kind of society had it's advantages as well as it's disadvantages.  Seriously I would prefer that small town."
"First, when I read this book, I thought it is very hard even if it is for 6, 8, 10 grade students. Actually I don't know when it is written. But I am sure it criticizes the communism. Who knew communism's last as USSR or eastern European countries. But the auther understood the societies of communism. Their closed society and equal lives, but generation and generation, they can not know the origin community. Why should they work? communism's dream is very ideally. But it prevents diversity and creation of the people. Although human is social animals, communism ignores human's big principal. I don't like such a book because its background and result are very gloomy. But it express the communism very well. It should be ok that you read once or twice."
"This book is about a twelve-year-old boy, in a world with out color, music, choices, or differences of any kind. Where people ""apply"" for children. Where people assign jobs to people. Where people are ""released"" when they get to old or do something wrong. The main charactor is ""Jonas"". Jonas can see color, hear music, and knows of the world before it became like it was presently. Jonas is compelled to change it back. The most emotional part was when Jonas was out in a field and all the kids started playing ""war"". The thing is, they don't even know what war is. As they're zapping each other Jonas goes into a fit because he knows what war is. I think that this book is one of the greatest books I have ever read."
"My granddaughter had to read this book for a summer AP project and I wanted to know what she was reading after she started telling us about the book--it seemed like a strange book for a 12 year old to read. I read it and discovered that was about the choices that are made in a world where everything is the same. I begin to think about our world where now everything has a political correctness--where no one wants to take responsibility for their actions or words. If your children are required to read a book to do a project on, I suggest that the parent or grandparents do the same to see what they are reading. I did like the book and started on the second one. My granddaughter said she thought it was boring but she was only half way through with it."
"I enjoyed The Giver for it's amazing detail and insight into the group psychology of a people living as a social organism. They are a more animalistic one, fulfilling the basic needs of every individual and supporting the whole through every action. The reader can discover and learn from the new perspectives given from those who consider other lives and their choices common. I relate this book to the sudo-utopian landscapes like the one presented in ""1984"" by George Orwell. The characters are so easy to empathise with, which creates even better emotional response as the story proceeds. The buyer can rest knowing these pages are worth their twice their time and cost. Even still, i wish the story would continue in time even if it meant cost."
"I think the book The Giver was an amazing book that teaches a life-long message.  It teaches us that it is good to be different in a world that has no change.  It also teaches young adults that it is alright to be different from one another and that change is good.  Also, the book The Giver was interesting and always left you with something to think about. The author, Lois Lowry, included many interesting details and events that made you not want to put the book down. Some parts of this book were hard to understand and were boring,but for the most part, it was a great book for people my age to read. Most , to all, of my classmates liked this book and rated it a 4 or a 5. Though it has a few flaws, I wouldn't mind reading it again!"
"I really think this book is one of the finest Lois Lowery has written. She is an unbelieveable author who really puts it all into her work....you can tell.  This book was read to me in 5th grade  by my teacher and I have  fallen in love with it. And no, my teenage mind is not corrupt from ""  An adult book disguised as a children's book"" ( as in a previous  review)  I could handle the subjects in this book when I was 10, and I  think this book has made me realize how lucky we all are, and what we have  that makes this world so special. True, it's a little boring at the beginng  (I'll admit to that- I would fall asleep with my head on the desk), but  believe me, the reward of a good book you can't stand to put down is worth  waiting for."
"I thought that Lois Lowry's ""The Giver"" was an awesome book. Some may find it disturbing, but even if it is disturbing, the way it was written was a style that I enjoyed. Lois Lowry also has other books related to the Giver, but although I haven't read them, I will always think The Giver was my favorite. I had to read it in my gifted reading group, but am glad that I had to. The Giver is banned in some libraries, but I found it complex in some ways, but simple and logical in others. Hopefully you, reader, will enjoy this book as much as I did!  Other books in the series with the Giver:  Messenger  Gathering Blue  Please enjoy this book if you buy it or already own it!!!"
"The Giver is a great book by Lois Lowry. It really makes me think. The biggest question that I thought about was, will we be like that one day, will we all be like robots? By the road we are going down it really looks like it. In the times I understand it I feel smart, realy, realy smart. Sometimes I cant make heads or tails of it. The end is pretty much open ended, but, one end I've heard a lot is, Jonas dies at the top of the hill the sled, the celebration, and the love, were all just his imagination. They were his favorite memorys given by the giver. I think that the charactor the giver is made after Lois Lowry's dad, who was the one that influanced the book because of his memory loss.  sincerly: 12 year old 6th grader"
"i borrowed the Giver from the Library for my almost 12 yr. old son.His taste runs very close to mine: sci-fi, horror, mystery. While I waited for him to finish his current book, I picked up The Giver & never put it down. This is such a great story, essentially about an ""awakening of the truth"" that a 12 year old boy is faced with. He lives in a controlled community, is happy, it seems, until he discovers the truth about the real world while under the tutelage of an old man he will eventually replace as the ""keeper of memories"".  I strongly suggest you read THIS PERFECT DAY, by Ira Levin (Rosemary's Baby). It's an adult book, reminiscent of this story. I read it every 5 years or so...It's also fantastic.  The Giver rocks!"
"We think that the book ""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry is one of the best books we read at school. Jonas the main character in the story lives in a ""perfect"" community. When he was selected to be the next ""Receiver of Memory"", he began to learn more about the community and the negative side of the ""perfect world"". He realized that the situation had to be changed.The book is very well written and it`s fun to read this book. You just don`t know how this book will end. In the first chapters the novel isn't so much interesting but in the following chapters the book gets very exciting.A book for all generation because it's very interesting. It shows, that an utopia cannot exist in this world.We think that everybody has to read this novel."
"Jonas is an Eleven becoming a Twelve. He lives in a different world, a utopian world. Actually, you wouldn't really describe his world as different, it's the same. Everything's the same. There are no choices, no color, and no true feelings. Everything is decided for you, but Jonas is different. He and the Giver are the only ones in their world that know about any history before the sameness. Jonas is assigned to be the new Receiver. He receives the memories of everything before the sameness from the Giver.My favorite part is when Jonas receives the happy, joyful memories. That is why I like this book. It helps you appreciate the real world and all of the positive things in life. I recommend this book for anyone, especially Sci-Fi lovers! -- Jessica"
"This book is great and everyone should read it. Although it seems a bit bizzare in the beginning, once you get into it it is hard to put down. This book is about a world where there are no wars, no sadness, no minorities. Everything is the same. Sounds perfect, right? Wrong. As you read this you will discover the world of Jonas, the boy who must receive all of the memories of the world. Memories of horrible things in the past. He must receive these from the Giver of memories and not share them with anyone. Everyone in this no-feeling world is being protected from these memories. Only the Giver and receiver can bear them. This book will really make you think. About life. About love. About sadness. About joy. About how we are lucky to have all these things."
"Jonas is a young boy who lives in an utopian/cultic communitty. It is a world with no pain and suffering but also without compassion. It may seem like the perfect world, but it's not. There whole lives are chosen for them by elders: who to marry, what child they will have, what they can be, etc. When Jonas is selected to be The Giver, he is taken to an old man who teaches him the evil in the world, and also the good side. Now Jonas must chose between a world of peace without freedom or a world with choice.  I think this is an excellent book because it makes you think about how lucky we are to chose our own destiny. However, as I read this book, I began to think of how people take our freedom for granted. I highly recommend this book to the young and old."
"I thought that this book was wonderful...in many ways, it is a lot about philosophy. It was interesting to find out that in the time that the story is set, there isn't any color, any feelings, any hurt. Everything around  the whole Community is controlled, even the weather. Everything is perfect.  At least, it seems that way.When Jonas has to recieve all the memories,  he learns that life in the community is not what it seems. There's cruelty  behind many things that the community does, and they do it without even  realizing that it's cruel.I thought that this was a great book, and  recommend it to anyone who is interested in philosophy and the way the  world is, or wonders what the world would be like if everything was the  same, or perfect."
"In my opinion The Giver by Lois Lowry is an amazing book.  It has a fantastic plot line and characters that the reader loves.  Not only does this book bring up several things that are problems in society, but it also make you think about your world and what life would be like with or without certain things or things.  Jonas and Gabriel are two of the most lovable characters and every reader is sure to fall in love with them.  This book is one of those books that can be read over and over again and each time the reader can get something new and different out of it.  Lastly, The Giver is also a book that can be read at almost any age and if you read it more than once at different ages you will view the book differently.K.M.GHS"
"The Giver is a quite possibly the best book that I have ever read, I could not put the book down. The whole concept for ""sameness"" is a great idea and the book is riveting. The ideas are so interesting and thoughtful that it made me appreciate what I have, choice. The rebellious Jonas was quite inspiring as he dynamically changed. From his once bored, predetermined life, he became human, showing real emotion.The story has many intellectual concepts as well. ""Seeing beyond"" and ""hearing beyond"" are some of them. Jonas's first memory as the ""Receiver of Memories"" is he on a sled, atop a hill, while it is snowing. Ironically that is how the book ends. Could Jonas have the mental capacity to see his future? I thought this is a very interesting concept."
"The Giver is a futuristic novel about a ""perfect world"" where there are no choices, no emotions, and no color.  On the twelth birthday of children, their lifelong job is chosen by the Commitee of Elders, and they begin training.  Jonas, a twelve year old in this society is given the job of Reciever.  The Reciever's job is to keep all of the memories of the past, and use the memories and the knowledge that the memories give him to advise the Commitee of Elders on big decisions.  When Jonas begins training with the ""Giver"" he learns about the world before ""sameness"", learns about pain and suffering, but also learns of true joy.  The Giver is a good book, though disturbing.  It isn't really a ""feel-good"" novel, but it is thought provoking and interesting."
"Good literature The Giver is good literature based on three main reasons. First, there were tons of feelings throughout the book. The Giver transmits memories of all kinds of feelings almost every chapter. Second, there were tons of interesting details. For example, instead of saying "" Jonas fell and broke his leg"", the book goes into detail about how his leg broke. This is to show how new and painful it was to Jonas. A quote to support my answer is "" He fell with his leg twisted under him, and he could hear the crack of a bone. Finally, there was a surprise ending to The Giver. Who would of thought that Jonas would escape without being caught, and survive out in this new terrain? As you can see, The Giver is a piece of good literature."
"I know this book doesn't need another rave review, but I have to say this is one of the best, most thought-provoking children's books I've ever read. It is only one of two books I've ordered in hardcover after reading it. I'm a children's book author and read a lot, and this is the first book for our book club that I have loved from cover to cover. The writing inspired me in so many ways, both as a reader and a writer. I can't wait to share this book with my granddaughter--and that's meeting a very high standard!!Writer's First Aid: Getting Organized, Getting Inspired, and Sticking to ItFading Tracks (Faithgirlz! / Boarding School Mysteries)Girlz Rock: Devotions for Girls (Faithgirlz!)"
"Jonas lives in the ideal community, or so it seems. Everyone seems so content and safe. Doors are left unlocked, even during the night. However, Jonas soon finds out that there are sinister secrets lurking behind the pleasant veneer of his community. Can he save himself before it is too late?The winner of numerous awards, including the 1994 Newbery Medal, this book expertly draws in the reader. Author Lois Lowry sprinkles forboding hints throughout the story as more and more clues are doled out. This thought-provoking book leaves the reader speculating the outcome even after the ending.This is the kind of book that I could read again and again and never forget. It also contains an important lesson to society - security comes with a price."
"Lois Lowry`s book ""The Giver"" is very interesting.It is about a world in the future where love,pain and feelings do not exist.At the Ceremony of Twelve Jonas ,a twelve years old boy, is chosen to be the new ""Receiver of Memories"".After this day he gets the point that life  is not so perfect like he has thought before. The book is written in  23chapters.In my opinion the first eight chapters are a little bit  boring.But after the Ceremony of Twelve in chapter  eight the storie  changes.It is very fascinating because you gets an interesting insight into  the future.I can only recommend this book,because it is very interesting  how other people think about the future.In this book the future is  discribed realistically."
"I just finished reading The Giver a few days ago and it was really good. I found it entertaining yet disturbing at the same time. The fact that everything is so perfect is almost scary. Jonas, the main character is faced with so many things after he turns Twelve. That's what kind of made it disturbing to me because in my eyes Twelve is still a child, yet in this book they are treated as adults at this age. The Giver himself was like an omen of what was to come for Jonas and I think that's what sets this book apart from any other like it. I really liked this book and I found that I couldn't stop reading it until the end...which was sort of disappointing to me because I have so many questions.-Alicia LadueChicopee High School"
"Lois Lowry has created a marvelous novel in The Giver, one that received deserved attention at the time of its publishing (1994) and has only grown in reputation since.  This book addresses both the pleasure and pain of having the freedom of choice in society and society's constant need to force people to conform.  It has shades of 1984 and, especially, Brave New World but has much that feels new and potent.  The main hero, Jonas, is a marvelous creation and captures the reader from the start and carries them through to the exciting climax of the book.  This book will live on and will be endlessly debated by children for decades to come and will remain in the memory of every adult who ventured down this terrifying path in their childhood."
"Whrn I first read this book in the 8th grade, I thought that it had no point, and was the worst book in the world because it didn't make any sense, but now my opinon is different.  Recently I pick up a copy of The  Giver and read it front to back.  My opinion now is totally different from  when I read it last.  I now relized that this book did apply to our lives  and it was very real.  I suppose as you grow older you get a new or bigger  perspective on things and the society that you are a part of is one of  those things.  The Giver is an awesome book, it is well written and can be  enjoyed by everyone.  If at first you don't enjoy it, then put it down and  read it later.  Circumsanctances in your life will change your view on this  book."
"The Giver is an awesome novel that sends you to another world for the temporary time of reading the book; a world were everyone is the Same or gets the same. Where your jobs are assinged to you by the elders and money  is nonexsistant. When it is time for you to leave the community b/c maybe  you have finished you fullfillment there, you are relaesed. Jonas, a boy of  twelve that is assigened to become a Reciever Of Memory, has his eyes  opened to the reality of the world he is living in and the world beyond  Sameness. He learns what release really is and how much the people in his  community are missing out on. I had to read this book for Required reading  and I am a 9th grader. I really enjoyed it and I think all the young people  will."
"The Giver, by Lois Lowry, is a well written novel with an exceptional insight into the future.  I personally enjoyed how the author created her characters to live and function in a normal society, without the many luxiouries that we enjoy today.  The idea of not being able to see color was an interesting detail that really made me enjoy the fact that people have not tried to make humans all the same.  I could not imagine going through like without ever sliding on a sled, or feeling the warmth of the sun, or the frigid of snow.  It must be hard for Jonas to receive these memories now that he has grown up in a well protected community.  Lois Lowry did an amazing job describing her characters reaction through this brilliantly written story."
"Lois Lowry's book ""The Giver"" is a good written book which shows us how our live can be in the future. The book is about a community where everything is the same. Their lifestyle is called ""Sameness"". The children are born by special birthmothers and not by their biologic mothers like in our world. The people also can't choose their jobs so that everybody get his proffesion by a special group of special observers. There much more differences between Jonas', the main character, and our community so that it will take too much time to list them all out. The story is not really hard too understand so that the book is a good novel to work with it in the English lessons. It shows us how important it is that we can feel pain and of course love."
"""The Giver"", this is a very well written book. I like it because it makes you think about your own society. It made me think about many things, that's why it is a good book. There were many details about everything that happened. The people of that community were so immersed in there society that they didn't know what they were missing, a lot of the things we as a society take for granite. For example the color they didn't see that. Then again that's what we as a society are trying to do overlook people's differences so that everyone is treated equal, but we try and take into consideration people's differences. In conclusion this book has great feeling that most of the characters of this great book did not have.Good job, Mr. Lowry"
"I loved this book from the very beginning to the very end, which is saying a lot as I'm not much of a fiction reader.  At the beginning, it reminded me of 'The Village' but it was not sinister, and the control of the inhabitants wasn't based on fear but rather social control.  The Giver is the person appointed by the elders to contain the knowledge of the past, and that knowledge is transferred to the Giver's 'receiver' as the Giver comes toward the end of his or her life.  The transfer of info is somewhat psychic, and the receiver actually feels the emotions of the history that is transferred.  A movie of this book is coming out soon, and I'm anxious to see how it's portrayed on film.  Overall, I would recommend this book to anybody."
"Have you ever wondered what the world would be like if everything was the same, and there were rarely any choices? Lois Lowry does an excellent job of exploring a society without the freedoms and the decisions most people have today. With detailed looks into the mind of one teenager growing up in a society of sameness, The Giver answers many of the questions that people have about giving people complete freedoms and choices. By not giving all of the information about the society at the beginning of the novel, Lowry keeps the readers intrigued and waiting to see what Jonas will decide to do. The Giver is the perfect book to relax with while stimulating questions of why society is the way it is and how is could be incredibly different."
"Lois Lowry does a wonderful job creating a futuristic/utopian  society. There is one person chosen in the society that has to hold all of the memories from the past.  The chosen one is a 12 year old boy named Jonas.  Once the Giver has successfully passed on all of the memories, Jonas alone will have all of the infomation from the past- good and bad.  When Jonas starts to feel the true pains and pleasures in life there's no turning back.  He has to make a decision based on his limited knowledge at the risk of hurting everyone in the society.  Maybe living in a utopian society would be nice.  Being told how and what to do at all times, but how do you deside who is in charge?  Is it possible to let someone else controle your every move?  This is the kind of society that Jonas has lived in for 12 years. How would you react if you suddenly had the freedom to think for yourself?  You will have to read the book to find out what he decides."
"I read this because my 7th grader will be reading this soon and wanted to be prepared. As a caveat to my review, it is important to mention that she is 3 yrs behind grade level and relatively immature for her age. It took reading half way through to get the ""utopian"" idea. Prior to that language could be tough to follow without knowing the theme. I would have enjoyed more time with the giver and the development of that relationship along with a more purposeful recognition of Jonas' realization of his community and parents. I realize this was written from Jonas' perspective, but she made me care about how the ""community"" would manage the memories and I felt I was left wondering. I did enjoy the story but felt there was more to say. I am not sure what she will make of the story as a whole. There are certain topics within the story that she will understand, with guidance, but I don't know how well she will grasp his ""mental leaps"" ."
"The book The Giver was a great book that I really enjoyed. If I were to express it in 1 to 2 words, I would say it was confusingly, interesting. I enjoyed the book for a lot of reasons. Read below if you would like to find  out some of these reasons.  The main reason that I liked this book is  because the book has its own life-style. The charachters in the book sort  of lived in a very individual world, never guessing that a much larger  world lay outside of thier boundaries. They  went practally thier whole  lives not knowing what  the rest of the world is like and what different  charachteristics it held.  Another reason I liked the book is because It  held fasinatig details about each charachter. For instance my faveorite  charachter, Jonas, was described as a quiet person who respected all  people. He was brave and thoughtful throuout the story.  Those are only  two of the reasons why I liked the book. What were yours?"
"I'm still reading it so I can't give a complete review, other than to say this book is giving me a lot to think about. The society where this story takes place makes me wonder what might happen if the world's middle and working class (everyone who's not a millionaire or billionaire) revolts against being held hostage by the handful of wealthy.  Would that create a world society that has to start over - a level playing field, but a playing field where everyone lives by the same rules?  It's not a perfect world, but neither is the current one.  (Spoiler) I couldn't even imagine what it would be like to be forced to share your emotions at the dinner table and take a pill so you won't have sexual urges any more. That is frightening!Lois Lowry is a good writer.  Her style is easy to follow and engaging.  I'd recommend this book for anyone who thinks life sucks.  Hey, be thankful you're not living in the The Giver society."
"The Giver book does make you think about what could have have happen if Happynes and Love and Others your taken way from you and no color and no music.  The end Of the book does kind end in a sim Clif hanger.  Not a bad ending and and Great of a one either. But the Frist time I read it in 1996  I reimber in reading in class and we had to make our own ending to it. It was kind of fun then,but that was not the real ending. I just reread the giver again in 2014 But now there are other books that do contact to this story and the others in this Series now. some small cues you have to look for But it seems must wll be answered in the Last book of this series.  So Read Gathing Bule, Messger and the Son. be Paintant with this books the do get more execiting as the go on.  I didn't read the gift edition just the normal one. . Please keep in mind it is a story about Good and evil does.  But not for very young kids.  Middle School and up."
"Read this book a number of years ago, but got so much more from reading it this time.  Sometimes when life, the living and the loving of it, hurts,  one might want to be able to stop the feelings and the memories.  It is  an intriguing idea ---- to be able to get rid of that which causes one sadness or pain, but .....One cannot really understand excitement and joy or exhilaration, without having also experienced monotony, sadness, boredom.  Can't imagine life without memories, or love.  May we never let our government, by the people and for the people, be duped into establishing such laws.  Sometimes we seem precariously close, as the ideas of euthanasia,  abortion (for an inconvenient pregnancy, or for sex selection), and legalizing certain drug usage, to just name a few, flood our society today. Be careful, freedom of choice, is a precious gift.  God gave mankind ""free will"" so that we are not little Pinocchio puppets."
"This is a book that is colorfully written by Lois Lowry. This is a science fiction book that has a lot of ambition of what a perfect community would be like. I think that this one of the best books that I have read in a long time.  This science fiction book is focus around the main character (Jonas). Jonas a t Age 12 gets the privilege of the receiver of Memory. His teacher is an elderly man by the name of The Giver. The Giver is the Receiver of Memory before him. During his training he is given the memories of the past world. He alone knows what is to feel pain, fear, hunger, and many other emotions. When he se's his father do some thing of complete horror to him he decides that he can't stay in the community much longer.  So he runs away with the help of The Giver.  This book is one book that you could read over and over again. It is even easy enough for a 10 year old to read. But in the end this is a good book."
"The Giver is a thrilling book about a young boy who finds about what life is really like.  Jonas, the main character, is choosen to be the Receiver of the community.  Jonas, the main character  finds out what life is really  like.  Jonas learns that his father is a killer and his friends is soon to  be one.  Jonas learns the true value of life.  Jonas doesn't like the way  they run the comunity.  I think that this book is intresting becasue it  has a lot to do with sience fiction.  In this book, Jonas receives memorys  from his The Giver.  I  think that this book is cool because he uses the  powers that he is given.  I also think that it is intresting becasue it has  to do with the future.  It is a wonderful suspense because Jonas the main  character plans a daring excape.  This book was thrillng, funny, and  fantastic, that is why I like this book a lot.  I think that this book  should be read by all ages and in all libaries."
"This book is probably one of the best in its genre. It provides such an amazing storyline and settings of a perfect society but with no feelings, memories, differences, or even colors. The society was erased of memories, feelings, differences, and colors to ensure an society of no crimes, dangers, and horrors. A society where everyone shall come together as one with no complaint, worries, or facing any problems/dangers. But this wasn't the right society, the way of life the world was built up to be. To have peace is to have war, to have good is to have evil, and to be happy is to be sad. The world can't be perfect without mistakes to allow the term of perfection occurs. Jonas, a boy born different than others and who was able to see the world with colors, saw the same purpose. At the age of 12, where kids of age 12 must be sent off to jobs, he was sent to The Giver... And the story of the true perfect human, Jonas, begins..."
"That was a surprise. Every now & then you read a book that just starts turning the wheels in your head spinning; and yes you are going ""Elsewhere"".  This is one of those books & the reason I still read. My grandson was visiting recently & the family was all there and conversations were going back and forth. It was fun and we were all enjoying each other. My grandson 13,a football fanatic and very good student suddenly and with great venom says ""I hate reading"". I wish I was able to adequately describe my feelings, shock, sadness for him and most of all a feeling of failure. I could not convey to him what he is missing and apparently the school systems of today  can't convey that loss either.  This story brought that moment back to me and I wonder if we are all moving to the ""Sameness"". That grey world so well described here.  I think whoever reads this story will have their own thoughts but I wish my grandson would read it."
"We think that the book ""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry is one of the best books we read at school. Jonas the main character in the story lives in a ""perfect"" community. When he was selected to be the next ""Receiver of Memory"", he began to learn more about the community and the negative side of the ""perfect world"". He realized that the situation had to be changed.The book is very well written and it`s fun to read this book. You just don`t know how this book will end. In the first chapters the novel isn't so much interesting but in the following chapters the book gets very exciting.A book for all generation because it's very interesting. It shows, that an utopia cannot exist in this world.We think that everybody has to read this novel."
"I found it boring until the end.Needless to say, I have no desire to read the rest of the series."
Kindle edition of this book very nice... my 11 year old loved the book and cant wait to read the next 3
"This was an interesting story, but it was kind of a slow read. I was disappointed in the ending as well"
"I haven't read this book since middle school until now. I remember enjoying it then and I enjoyed it even more as an adult. It's a wonderful story about questioning rules put into place by what at first seems like a Utopian society but as Jonas learns more about what happens behind the scenes, he realizes exactly how much people have given up. The morals in this story are something that every generation can appreciate. By reading The Giver, you can begin to become more aware and appreciative of what you do have or maybe realize you yourself have been wearing blinders. I'm a little disappointed at the ending in that I feel more explanation could be given to give some closure to some areas, but it doesn't detract too much from the overall book."
"From Oscar Wilde's Preface to The Picture of Dorian Gray: ""Those who go beneath the surface do so at their peril.  Those who read the symbol do so at their peril.""A good pick for readers at both the middle-school level and the high school level, Lowry's prize-winning novel takes her audience beneath the surface of Jonas'  world.  When he begins to see beyond and beneath the perfect exterior of the Community, Jonas as well as the reader must make a difficult choice.This is a very good book to spark discussions about our society today, our future, and our choices.  I would wholeheartedly recommend this book, especially in a classroom setting.  Lowry's gifts of characterization, symbolism, and emotion make this a truly great find."
"This is my absolute favorite book. I read it in fifth grade and bought the book with my own money. That would be the only book i've paid for. I cannot say enough good things about this book. When I began to read this book I was intrigued with the whole concept of a society where everything is uniform and controled. I thought the part about having houses for women to ""produce"" babies was interesting. I liked the idea about sharing your feelings of the day and any unorthadox dreams. I had no idea what was going on when he was tossing the apple with his friend. I just remember thinking it was so cool when he started being able to willingly see color. Another good thing about the Giver was the ending. I was definitely surprised when he ran away."
"In my opinion, this book was a exciting journey through the future. Although the ending was in my opinion, a waste of my time, the rest of the book was beutiffully written. Thge ending came to a hault as if she had got  tired of writing and she stopped. The idea for the ending was wounderful,  except she did not tell it all. The book was a wouderfully written book,  and it seemed as though I was part of it. The wording made it feel like it  was happening. And the many ways Louise gave clues about surprises that if  you went back and read it again, you would be suprised you missed it due to  the fact that you were so engrossed in the book. The characters and the  setting help give the book it's character. The book should be read by  millions."
"While reading this book I tried to picture myself living in a world that sacrifices freedom for security and joy for uniformity. In the Giver Jonas is struggling to accept this life in which you must be willing to get rid of the highs in life to get rid of the lows. The great aspect of The Giver is that everyone will relate to it in a different way. Some may relate with Jonas and want to break free, while others strive for this uniformity. Its a great way for us to step outside of what we know, and imagine what the world could be like if ran in such a way. It also made me wonder what career would be picked for me if I lived in such a world. Would I get something I enjoyed like Jonas's father, or be stuck with a job that did not best fit me."
"This book ""stirred"" my imagination, made me think, and will stick with me for a long time. The problem for me was the fact that it was a little too believable. Scary, but far-fetched? I'm not so sure! I think that there are those out there that would like to control our world...just think, no conflict on any level.(Now I'm sounding paranoid!) I  certainly don't mean to imply that I agree with the book, because I don't....but..well, food for thought. I didn't realize how far the control went until I got to the part about the colors. Wow! I thought at first that I didn't like the ending all that much...I like to have things spelled out for me. But, once again, the more I thought about it the clearer the final picture became. Really good read."
"I liked this book mainly for one reason.  It really gets you thinking.  This is a what if book on how things would be if everything were uniform.  This book was interesting because it kept taking sharp and unexpected turns.  You never knew where the author was taking you.  Although I personally did not like how the book ended it didn't take much away from the book.  I like much different endings than the one that this book had.  I gave it a three because it became confusing at parts and as I previously mentioned I would have preferred a better, but overall the author makes you think about some very intriguing concepts and does a great job keeping my attention.  This is hard, because I often like to doze off while reading, which I found really hard to do because I always wanted to know what came next."
"The Giver is about a boy named Jonus, who lives in a community without feelings or memories of past lives.  One person is chosen to hold all of the memories and wisdom of past lives. He has been chosen to be the  reciever of memories.  This is the most important job in the community and  it is assigned once in a life time.  As the reciever of memories Jonus gets  special rules that only he and the giver of memories acquire.  Eventually  he will get all of the memories from the Giver.  When he gets them he goes  throuh good times and bad times.  At the end of the book, Jonus is informed  that if the memories are to go outside of the community all of the memories  will be released into the community.  Jonus then makes a plan to leave the  community and you will have to read if he comes out successful."
Easy read. The birth of a genre that has really taken off....May see the movie. When it comes to HBO or Netflix
I love this book!!!!  Omgosh. I couldn't put this book down. Defiantly going to read the rest of the series!!!!
"Imagine trying to function in a world without color, love, pain, or emotion. A world without life. Imagine living in Jonas's world; the world of the Giver. Jonas did live in a world like this and because of his secretive government he thought nothing of it until he turned twelve. When each child in the sommunity turned twelve they were given a career. Jonas was given the job everyine thought they wanted, the job of Receiver of Memory. But Jonas soon found at that receiving the society's lost memories is not all fun. With every memory of color, joy, and love came a memory of war, pain, grief, and sorrow.  Readers with interest in any type book would love to follow Jonas through his enlightening yet agonizing journey of discovery. I recommend this book to people of all ages, young or old."
"In the book The Giver, the main character Jonas lives in an utopian community.  In his community everyone looks alike, no one can see color or have memories of the past.  Marriages are arranged and children are given to families that apply for them.  When children become a new age, they are given an item that identifies that particular age.  For example, when children turn twelve, they are given their job for adulthood.  Jonas is the only child who is honored with the job ""Receiver of Memories"".  He meets with a man known as ""The Giver"" every day.  This man transfers memories of the past to Jonas.  These memories give Jonas the power to know and understand feelings.  Jonas uses this new knowledge to help him when a family member is in danger.  Read the book to find out what is in store for Jonas."
"I really like this book because it makes you think about what life could be like if everything was the same.  The story is about Jonas, a boy who lives in a community where there is a condition called  ""Sameness"".  Sameness is when all people are the same.  No color  is seen.  There is a rule for everything.  When Jonas is selected as  Receiver of Memory, an honored postion of the only person who has memories  of what life used to be like, he learns of all the things that used to  occur and do not anymore.  He is unhappy, and wants to get out of Sameness  and into ""Elsewhere"".  Lois Lowry has such a great writing style  and I love to read her books.  She is so descriptive and she makes you feel  like you're there, living the story with Jonas.  I recommend this book to  anyone."
"Jonas is an Eleven turning into a Twelve in December on the Ceremony of the Twelves. Every Twelve must be assigned a job, so he got the job of the Receiver of Memories. The Giver is the old Receiver, so he will be teaching him color, feelings, and emotions for the first time. The Giver is mainly about a Utopian (perfect) society that has no fear, pain, color, feelings, and other emotions. Also if you do not follow the rules, you will be released.My favorite part of the story is the very end of the book because he hears music and singing for the first time in a different society. You must read the rest of the book for more details!I recommend this book to readers who can stand extreme emotions and adventures. Lois Lowry is a brilliant author, especially with this book ""The Giver"". -- Rosa"
"The giver is a well written book! Although it is a tad bit confusing...your child or even an adult will be given a messege of hope, humanity, and graciousness. But it will also give them the sometimes sad truth we humans must endure. I found this book interesting and a MUST READ!!! This book has a few unexpected twists but leaves you with a sense of happiness in the end... I would reccomend this book whole-heartedly (100%) to my fellow people. BUY THIS BOOK...you won't be disipointed...I wasan't (But reading some of the other reveiws I felt as if maybe this book is either a ABSOLUTE DO or Don't) But still I think this book was One of the best books I've ever read (and I've read many trust me!) five thumbs up!- your fellow 6th grader P.S - (Would not get for a child in the grade below 5th)"
"When I read this book after it first came out, I said to myself, ""This is the 1994 Newbery winner!""  It was the last year of my 35 year teaching career, and I made up my mind that I was going to read it to  my fifth graders despite the fact that many thought it was too  sophisticated for that age group.  The quality conversations about the  importance of independence, appreciation of humans, enjoyment of ordinary  life experiences, and quality of life abounded between student and teacher  - and between students even at Snack Time! I convinced my Book Club to read  it, and the conversation was as good as one we've had with many adult  books. I recommend it for any parent who would like to have an intelligent  conversation with his or her child.  It is truly science fiction at its  best!"
"The Giver is a great book to read no matter what age you are.  I read this book in my 6th grade English class and I loved it.  We had been reading books all year in there, and when we got to this book, my friends and I never complained about having to read it.  We all loved it, and most of us  even have read it again in our spare time.  Everyone in my class (not just  my friends) said after that year of reading that this was by far the best  book we had read.  It had great suspense and a amazing plot.  I read  science fiction books like this all the time now.  I am now in 7th grade,  and all of my friends and I keep asking our teacher if we can read a book  just like The Giver.  I think anyone could really enjoy this book."
"I really liked this book. I must have read it a million times since I was in sixth grade and we had to read i for school. I also read it faor a book club. Most of the kids in the group liked it too. The very begining is a  little confusing because there were a lot of terms I hadn't heared before.  You just have to be patient and lok for details and its easy to figure out.  I was eally surprised about the color. I should have guessed though. Why  else would he have been talking about the shade of things and not the  color. I was a little surprised about the release but I new it couldn't be  too great. Why else woud they make so big a deal about it. Some people  might find some parts offensive, but I dont. It's a great book."
This is a good book. I recommend reading it. I hope to see it get good reviews from others.  READ IT
"Excellent, thought-provoking story about a generation of ""sameness"" surrounding an entire community. The story raises the issue of  literally a black and white, non-negotiable, but safe, lifestyle versus a loving and feeling environment with the risks of taking chances and getting hurt. When the reader reaches the end of the story, he or she is left with quite a bit  to think about. This story does not let go just because the reading has concluded. Question raised--conformity and routine with complete security of food, shelter, education and job security delegated on one's strengths, trading off freedom of will and the ability to love and make life choices? What path would you take?  I look forward to seeing how this story is played out on the big screen."
"The community was excited when they heard the plane go by. Jonas was worried about what his Assignment would be. Jonas starts to see-beyond.  At his Ceremony of Twelve he is afraid they've forgotten him. He finds he is  given a very special assignment at the end of the ceremony.  He is  surprised by his new rules and finds them different from anybody else's  rules in the community. He begins his special training.  Jonas finds out  what being ""Released"" is. He decides he doesn't agreee with the  community.  The Giver helps him make a plan to escape.  He is forced to  leave early and finally makes it to Elsewhere... or does he?I would  recommend this book to anyone. It's fun for people of all ages to read."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is a wonderful book. Once I started reading it I could not put it down. It is about a boy named Jonas. He is turning 12. When you reach this age you are assigned a job. When they are calling out names they skip him. That is where the book gets exciting. He later finds out that he is going to be trained by The Giver. The Giver has memories that know one else has. They are filled with pain,love,sadness,fear,hate,lonleness,and color. In Jonas's world everything is grey and plain. I loved this book because the ending is something that you decided. The only reason i was disapointed was because there isnt a 2nd book. I would reccomend this book to everyone. It is a great book that everyone should own!"
"This book is AMAZING! Lois Lowry's ""The Giver"" is very influential and a great read. At first it sounded like the place Jonas, the main protagonist, lived was wonderful, kind, and comfortable; but, as time went on, Jonas and the reader discover that their little world isn't as it seems. He learns of the past with a mysterious man that could help save their future. Becasue this is just a review I'm not going to spoil anything more for you, the reader of this distinguished find. I recommend this book to people who are searching for something to teach in a class, or maybe even someone who is looking for a nice, quick read. I could say that this book is ""for all the children to whom we entrust the future."""
"I have loved this book since I read it in high school over 30 years ago! I was so happy to introduce that love to my son. We even got to meet her at a book signing shortly after he had read the book. She is so unassuming and kind. I will admit that this book haunted me for a long time that the author chose to not really end the book... Thankfully she turned this into a series.  Yahoo!!! All of the books are a wonderful adventure brought to life in a spectacular way that only her writing does. And to boot.... This book has been made into a MOVIE! It comes out in theaters Aug 15th. But please, read it before you see the movie. I promise you, you will not regret taking the time. This book is short if some were not aware."
"The Giver is about a boy named Jonas. He lives in the future with his mom, dad, and his sister lily.He is an eleven and is about to become a twelve and will get his assignment. An assignment is a job.He gets the job as The Receiver of Memories and, something very surprising happens.  I liked the giver. It was a good book, because it made me just want to keep on reading it. I especially liked the ending witch you will have to read to find out what happens.  I learned that you shouldn't play god, because it messes up peoples lives. I also think that the school system was cool, because they had more responsability then we do and they get a job when they're twelve. Thats why I think the Giver is a good book."
"The first time I read this book I was in fourth grade, and most of of its meaning was lost on me. I have reread this book and a lot of connections were made that I simply was not mature enough to see before. At the ripe old age of nine, I simply did not understand the ideas of freedom and the ability to make choices. Now at 18, I see many of the ideas that went through Jonas' mind paralleled my own as I matured. The sense of individuality and freedom, which I now take for granted, were completely removed from the society Jonas was raised in, yet he found the ideas buried within him. It shows that the breaking away of a maturing child is archetypal in nature. And that, i believe, is the fundamental basis of this novel."
"The Giver is about Jonas, a boy who lives in a seemingly perfect world - with no illness, no crime, and no individuality.  When Jonas turns twelve he is assigned a job as the Receiver of Memories for the community.Through his assigned profession he learns there is more to life than  sameness.  He discovers colors, feel, pain, love, war, and much more.  Soon  Jonas becomes discontent with his simple life in his simple community and  goes on a quest looking for a world that can provide more.The Giver  captures the pricelessness of individuality and the cost that some  societies have to pay to be different.  This is one of the few remarkable  Newberies that EVERYONE should read.  I strongly recommend this incredible  book."
I believe that are very few books that touch our lives books that stay with you for the rest of your life even though it been years since book have read the book. I read the in sixth grade it opened my eyes to a new way to look at the world. This book to me shows that there is no perfect world that something is always missing and we should never let go of our emotions good and bad ones. They are what make us human. This book often comes to my mind when my life is going the way I want it to. It reminds me that that we as humans aren't perfect and we must be careful and grateful for live we live. The world is changing I am not sure where its headed bad or good but this book has given me hope and taught me to be grateful for everything.
"The book ""The Giver"" is a very good book.Lois Lowry has been awarded some prizes.It deals with the future where everything is controlled by the Elders.The main character,Jonas,is elected to be the next Receiver  of Memory for the people.  He is the one who received all the memories of  the people like color,pain etc.But when Jonas finds out the truth about the  system,he flees out of the community. Lois Lowry has shown this action in a  good way,she shows Jonas`s feelings and imaginations not only in a positive  way. I like this book because it shows,how the future could be.It is very  exciting to read it but it also has its boring parts.But I really can  advise everyone to read this book to find out some own impressions."
This book takes place in a community.This is about how  children are raised and grow up. The two main children are Jonas and Lily. We compare this book to our life. It is slow in the beginning but it gets  exciting.Jonas seems like a good character because he seems nice and very  helpful. If you want to compare it and enjoy a great book then think about  The Giver. I liked the book because I like to compare it to my life. I also  like to learn how other countries and different centuries live or did live.  Whenever I have free time I sit down and read a couple of chapters of it.  There is so much i could say about  great book. I liked Jonas because he  seems nice like my best friend and he acts kinda like her. Give this book a  try!
"This book was excellent! I am glad I just found out it was a series because I didn't want it to end!I'm pretty picky about the books that I read as I don't like to read vulgar language, about obscene events, or boring stories (fantasies, biographies, etc.). This book held my interest from the very beginning and reading it with a group of individuals in a book club really made me reflect back and think about the messages in the book. The book was an easy read with very short chapters. It was well written and despite it being considered a children's book was actually a very good read as an adult in my late twenties. I couldn't imagine anyone younger than a teenager reading this book based on some of the issues described."
"It's like when one first reads books like Brave New World or 1984. They are deceptively simple to read. No convoluted sentences or writing tricks to befuddle the reader. Yet in the end, one is stirred by the weight and message of the fable or story. It stays with you even after reading, which is a good sign that the writer has touched some kind of emotional or philosophical nerve. I understand that there is a movie being made of this book and that Jeff Bridges (I am his fan and know a member of his family) is starring in it. You don't need to be a genius to figure out which role he will play. Just read the book. It's message of creeping authoritarianism and government efforts to control behavior and thought will resonate with you."
"As I began reading The Giver, I was drawn into Jonas's `perfect' world, with no disease, war, or suffering. Though his Community is strictly ruled by a Committee of Elders and there is little choice in anything, Jonas is content with his life. When he turns 12, Jonas is singled out to receive memories from the past that keep Community life simple and safe, without it's people ever realizing it. As he journeys into life outside his world, Jonas realizes that there is much more to life than what he can see. I think Lowry does a great job of presenting sensitive issues from an innocent, unbiased boy's perspective. This book made me think, and ask myself deep questions. I would recommend it to any middle school student and higher."
"I think that Lois Lowry's,The Giver, was a great work of creativity and imagination. The way that she used the importance of human interaction, choices, change, and other themes, helped the book flow and gave it a good lesson in the process of a great story. The whole idea of the signifigant role a young boy plays in changing a whole community just blows you away.There is, I think, a down side or two to The Giver. In the end... I meen she should have put just one more  chapter in there or write a sequal, to tell us what happened to him and Gabe, if they died and what not. It was an overall good book, and I gave it a goog word for future readers of America.(children of corse). And give it two thumbs up.  7.3 LRD"
"We recommend the book The Giver for other children to read. The book was very interesting. It made you think about the lifestyles of others and how their lives differ from your own. For example, Jonas had to share his feelings and dreams everyday, in our society you are not obligated to do that if you do not wish to. Also, in their community every decision was made for them by an elder, that is very different from our society where you can make your own decisions and be more mature. We rate this book 4 stars because it was exciting, yet sad at the same time. The plot kept you interested throughout the story, and it was different from any other book we have read. The book kept you guessing. That is why we rate The Giver 4 stars."
"Lois Lowery- I thought- had a very good writing ability and could make you see yourself  like you where right in the character's shoes. Like many other books that she's written, the story tells itself well- but there's just a bit of a problem. The story itself (just in general) is really WEIRD! First of all the boy in the story where it takes place lives in this whole metropolis of people who are consistantly apologizing an speaking very good english, and are completly and totally brain-washed by the ""rules."" But also in an intresting sort of again weird way the whole entire story kind of wraps itself around the main focus of the story leaving you or the reader dazed and confused but yet at the same time, charmed and delighted."
"After reading a few of the other reviews for this book, I realize how great this book really is because of the lessons it implies, but mostly because of the audience the book has the power to touch.  Written for children, this Newberry award winner is a truly wonderful story.  Similar to the classic ""Brave New World,"" the story idea is quite original, but the themes are what make the book so important. A ten year old reader commented that the book is confusing, and although I do not agree, I would say that the short book packs a powerful punch!  This would be a wonderful book for family discussion, class assigned reading, or even a bible study.  Recommended to audiences of all ages and of my favorites!"
"I read the Giver as a school book. I don't particularly like readin but this book was different. I started reading it and it was amazing, I loved the book. The other day, my teacher made me finish the book. I finished it, not willingly but I did. It doesn't end. This book was an amazing book until the end. The end made it. Lois Lowry leaves you hanging as if you know nothing, and it is hard to guess with the facts they give you. So i told my teacher, she knew and the class discussed it, and then she read us a letter one of her classes wrote to Lois. All she said was she likes the ending! She likes letting the reader decide, yet it was a auto response! I loved the book until now yet I would strongly reccomend it!"
"I read the book The Giver by Lois Lowery.  The main character is Jonas. At his ceremony he becomes the new receiver. This will be his job for life. He receives all the memories of the past. He lives in the future,  in a government-controlled world. The weather is always the same,  everything is in black and white, you even get assigned your job and  husband or wife. Basically everything is the same, but Jonas has all the  memories of pain, delight, and everything else we have today. His life  changed a lot when he got his job as receiver  because he was not with his  friends anymore, he sticks it out because he is important, and he learns so  much about the past pains and glories.  I highly recommend this book."
Both the movie and the book completely captivated me and made my mind reel. The thought of a world without experiencing the things that I take for granted every day is terrifying and completely unfathomable. I love the characters and their interactions and seeing the changes from beginning to end (though the first bits between the Giver and Jonas are a bit uncomfortable to me). It is fascinating to see concepts such as euthanasia and murder in such a light that the characters honestly don't even know that what they are doing is wrong (as long as it is done in the right way). Watching Jonas' character growth and struggles was well worth the read and I am looking forward to picking up another book in the quartet.
"The Giver is an award winning book that is required reading for public school English classes in many states.  I enjoyed the book until it was explained what would happen to the citizens if the Receiver left the community, at which point it became kind of a forced fantasy.  The carefully worked out logic of the story's basis fell apart and a vague and mystical ""poetic"" ending didn't pull it back together.  Not for me anyway.In spite of that I recommend that everyone should read the book because what do I know?  I've never won any awards for writing.  Besides, poetic endings have a way of being interpreted differently by different people.  You might think it's the most profound story ever written."
"The Greatest Book that Keeps on Giving  A page turner a cliff hangerThe Giver is an excellent book that every one should read. For sci-fi lovers this is the book for you. Jonas's world is perfect. There is no fear, pain, or war. There are no choices every one is assigned something to do in the community by the Chief Elder. When Jonas starts his new job as the receiver he receives memories about love, pain, and family. Jonas wants to change his community so that not only he and the giver have to hold these memories. When Jonas tries to change the community some things go wrong but in the end everything turns out perfect for Jonas."
"As I read through the first few pages I felt kind of confused because what I thought the book was going to be about it wasn't really about that at all. Then as I hit the mid pages I liked and understood it. I think that the book was exciting and you were always wondering what was going to happen next. It wasn't such a fighting war type of book, but it also wasn't such a mellow, comfy type of book. I like how the author wrote each chapter. He used very clever and interesting words to describe what each character was feeling emotionally, physically, and mentally. Over all I think I liked and enjoyed the book because I didn't understand everything right when it happened, but by the end it all had woven together."
"I love the book, it was good to reread it as an adult.  I had a better understanding of the story."
"I'm not a 'young adult'; I am a 32 y.o. woman.  I won't go into the plot, etc. as there are plenty of other reviews that delve into that.  My 2 cents is this:This book made me THINK.  That's what I like in a really good book or movie; when you don't get that 'happy ever after' ending some people hope for, but instead are left with plentiful thoughts unraveling in your mind.  I think that's what a good art should do, and ""The Giver"" certainly did that for me.My only complaint about the book, really is the length/ending.  Felt like it just sort of chopped off short, although I also was given the gift of analyzing the ending in my mind and coming up with a few endings of my own."
"Feb. 1, 2006 Lois Lowry's book, The Giver, is set in a utopia with no colour, music, feeling and they have no choise in what they do. They are assigned. When Jonas begins his training with The Giver, he is exposed to pain, colour, love and sadness. Jonas is not allowed to talk about his training to anyone so he must bare all of these feelings for himself. He learns the real truth about his community. Jonas can't stand to live in his community any longer and he and the Giver devise a plan. This plan could lead Jonas to his death, or lead Jonas to a life of love, colour, and possibly even pain.  Steph K. 7R C.C.P.S"
"The GiverThe Giver is a very good book, there is a little boy name Jonas who is 12 years old in the book. The kids in the community all have their b-day in December, and after they turn 12 they receive a job. Then Jonas receives a job that is the memory receiver. After he received his job his dad came back home with little boy named Gabriel from the nursery. He goes and visits the Giver after his regular school hours.I would recommend this book because it is good book and well written. It also has a lot of actions that involves in the book. It is a little hard to understand but is still good, and a would give it 4Stars."
"This book was way to slow. But otherwise in some parts intresting and exciting, but in other parts very confusing. I recommend this book to people who have alot of time, and that like boring books. Thisp book also just left you hanging at the end, but in the middle of the book it was kind of exciting and adventurues. However you have to piece this book together very well if you want to truly understand it. But I just reccomend this book to adults, its not bad or anything, its just not something a kid would want to read. My likes of this book was there were some intressting parts in the middle of the book only. My dislikes were the boring part that weren't exciting at all like at the begening and the ending."
"I gave this star four stars, the book was good but it had something that I didn't like. Author tells us in the book that the life were living in right now is really great. At least we dont have lots of rules to listen too. This book has lots of surprising parts. The bad part in the book is that at first you wont kinda understand, but thats me. Jonas is a great charceter he play a good part in this story. In the beginnig for everyone, they cant see no colors,they cant use the word love, and they cant even pick their own jobs for crying out shake. This book is awesome, I'm really glad that we dont have that community in this world."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is a Fantasy Dystopia tale about a young man named Jonas who lives in a ""utopian"" society where no one questions authority and no onehas access to information about the Earth's history or human history. In this society everyone is assigned their career or duties at the age of twelve, Jonas discoversthat he has been chosen to be the new Receiver, a mysterious job that is rarely assigned. Jonas reports to ""The Giver"" and learns that he has been chosen to receivethe precious gift of truth. In a world where everyone has been shielded from pain, hurt, emotions, and choice Jonas must learn to deal with the harsh reality ofhis perfect world."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is a anazing novol. The main character is Jonas lives in a world where everybody is assigned a job when they turn twelve, after many  years of education and training on how to behave, work, and play in the community. Those who do not fit in are released and told not to come back.Jonas has been chosen to be the ""Receiver"" of Memory. He will be filled with memories from generations and genarations past his time, to be used as a source of information by the leaders. He learns about pain and love and starvation through the time he had to spend with the Receiver of time. In doing this, he will have to sacrifice a lot of things such as no longer live within the community."
"Definitely one of my favorite books. I have just reread it as an adult and it's so much deeper than I remembered.This is truly a book that makes you think and ponder. I can't help but agree fully with Jonas with my heart, but then, my mind, on some level, challenges him.A reflection on society, on humanity, on good and evil, on emotions and facts, on the herd and individualism... What makes us who we are? Why do we live? Whatever for? To just survive and be productive as a community? Or is there more?Is it ok to lose our feelings, our emotions, what makes us unique, if it means that we get rid of pain, torture, and suffering?This story made my brains hurt in the best possible way."
"I  always wondered what it would be like if the world was perfect.  When I started reading The Giver I thought things would be great perfect from what I read, but later in the book, Jonas learned the truth and I know now that the world will never be perfect.  Jonas thought his world was perfect, but he did find out the truth and didn't think his world was good at all.  The Giver was interesting, but somewhat confusing on some parts.  But no one's perfect.  It is good to read about a world that is much different from ours once in a while, and The Giver was the right book to read for that.  I hope the author of this book continues to write books like this one."
"After reading this book, The Giver, I can say that I really enjoyed it, and would recommend it to anyone.  This book tells about a perfectly planned community.  The community was planned from their jobs to their  families.  I also liked the one part of the story when a kid named  Jonas, who became the new receiver of memory, tried to escape from the  community and save a baby's life.  The receiver of memories is someone  who gives memories of events that happened before the community was perfect  to the new receiver of memory. He also tells the Chief Elder what to do  when the Chief Elder doesn't know how to settle something.  This book  would be enjoyed by anyone who is imaginative and likes excitement."
"The Giver is an example of good literature. It is good literature because it has lots of discription, lots of details, and it shares an important message. There is so much elaborate description. The alliteration of the details gets to the point in which it's almost to much. In the text there are an immense amounts of details. This books details depict the images of the book so perfectly."" He lay sprawled, his gray uniform glistening with wet fresh blood""(p#119). It shares a co0mmon message. The message that the story betrays is that sameness leads to interdependence with could possibly lead to disaster. In turn to be your own person. As you can see this is why The giver is an example of good literature."
"This is a absolutly fasinating great wonderful spectacular andintelligent book. That book should be read and loved by everyone. I read quite a few of the reviews, and was appaled! To think that  someone could say that one should save their money and read a classic is  HORRIFIC(how silly are they?  ;). This book by some is considered a  classic. This book leaves a lasting and godly impression. This book was an  insight to another culture, real or not, and that is very very very very  valuable. I am in 10th grade and just read ""The Giver"" for the  second time. I could probaly read this book fifty times and still discover  new things(which makes it if possible--even better ;), as I probably will."
"This has been my favorite book since childhood, it is such a classic.  I have read it countless times and will continue to do so.  It is a great read in my opinion.  However my husband things it's average at best.  But that's the beauty in books, everyone gets something different out of the same thing.It is a great sci-fi/dystopian scociety story where Jonas seems to live in the ""perfect"" world but when he is chosen for a very important job in his community to sees how far from perfect it really is.  A little dark at times but wonderfully written and well thought out.  It is a book that helps you appreciate all you have in life and makes you think about the world and how you see it."
"I really liked this book in a society where almost everything we see every day and think not even existing amazingSPOILERS-jonas's dad nurtures infants but when he  released  released means to give them a s*** that kills those kids i really just hate him for that.Also  Rosemary the failed receiver got realesed ,So she is dead but the givers last words are ""I want to be with my daughter her name is Rosemary"" so does that mean the giver will commit suicide to be with his daughter in hevan or what .And also in the end does he find love in that echo he hears or is that it does he die what.I love this book except for the ending.P.S. the trailer for the movie has nothing to do with the book hardly."
"The Giver is good literature because it makes the reader wonder what is going to happen next. The Giver is also a good book because it has descriptive details. Also the book shares and important message that people should be able to make their own choices. For ,example it gives details about the memories. It makes readers think what if I was in Jonas' position. Also, the characters in the book are believable and you could picture them in your mind. The book shares an important message that people should be able to make their own choices. Jonas' community doesn't make their own choices and that is what they author is trying to convey.As you can see The Giver is a good example of good literature."
"This was a wonderful book.  I read it because it was on the reading list for the classes I am to teach.  I feel this is a great book to use to teach children how unique we are as individuals and how wonderful it is to be this way.  I also like how Ms. Lowry left the ending open ended.  You don't know, really, what happened to the children.  You can imagine it in a couple of ways.  The only thing that was attractive in the community to me was that careers were chosen for the best reasons.  I wish we were able to evalute or own strengths and weakness better in this area as people.  I think some children may have a problem with the concept of ""release"".  This might disturb some that are younger."
"My sister recommended this book to me, and I thought it would be an  ordinary book.  But I was extremely wrong.  This is one of the best books  I've ever read.  It take place in a town where everything is assigned,  there are hardly any choices.  Also, the residents have no memories.  Jonah, the new ""Giver"", is the only one who experiences memories.  This book helps you appreciate life,every memory you have, and all  the opportunities we have today.  The fact you CAN have these memories and  opportunities is wonderful. My great grandmother died and, to use a quote,  ""Memories are stars in the dark night of sorrow.""  Without them,  I don't know how I would have gotten through it."
You haven't read the Giver?  Read the book.  I plan on seeing on movie.  Hope it does it justice.
"I had to keep reading, I was too worried to put the book down. It was strange but I love the end."
I love it!!! Read this in middle school forgot how good it was. Can't wait to start the next book
I loved this book!  It really got me thinking!  I thought it was great and i highly recomend it!
"Awesome book! I'm sad I missed it in 7th grade but the few remaining friends I've kept since that time said it was indeed on the summer reading list. I read it because the movie is coming out soon and I always love a book version better. However, I was disappointed by the trailer that I watched after reading because it doesn't look like the movie follows the storyline in the book. That's always a sad day. I do have to give some huge thumbs up to Amazon Unlimited! Anybody who loves to read but hates to spend $4+ on novels you only need 48 hours or less to finish (like me!) should really take advantage of the awesome program. I canceled my Netflix subscription to pay for it because it's just that great."
"This book is on my daughter's 7th grade reading list. I purchased it in advance so she has time to read it before 7th grade starts in the fall. I always make it a point to read these books with her so that we can discuss them at home, and share our love of books. So I purchased a hard copy for her, and downloaded a copy for myself onto my Kindle. We both are enthralled with the story and are having a wonderful time discussing it together. I love how it puts into context so many of the things we value as humans, and really makes the reader think about the lives they are living, and the kinds of lives they want for their futures. I recommend this book for anyone, adult or child. It is an excellent read."
"Try to imagine a world without feelings, without color, without decisions. Welcome to the world of a 12 year-old boy named Jonas who lives in a futuristic community that has eliminated all of these things and much more. He can't love his own parents, listen to music, or even decide what he wants to do with his life; all these things are forbidden to him. He has never experienced any of these things until now, but how can he keep these beautiful and wonderful things to himself? How do you explain love or a beautiful sunset to someone who can't see color or express feelings? He decides that he can't go back now since he has experienced these things, he must do something to change the community forever."
"I found ""the Giver"" most time exciting and I can recommend it to all those, who like science fiction, like I do.In the beginning it seemed to be very odd to me, because of the strange rules like evening-telling, but you'll notice soon that this story plays in another world.It's exciting to imagine a world without colors, feelings, animals and own decisions.One can very good identify with Jonas, an 11-year old boy who'll turn 12 and who'll get his assignment to bear the burden of his whole Community.I didn't like the open end and I would have liked it if I had got more information about the Elsewhere. There are a lot of questions which are not answered to me, but all in all I liked it much."
"I liked this book because it tells you that it's good to have choices.If we didn't have color we would all be the same, and it is kind of boring being the same.If we were all the same then we would all have the same personalities. We would all have the same likes and dislikes and no one would be different.  Like in the Giver everyone was the same and wore tunics and saw everyone else in the same way. Sameness is boring and we are lucky to be different and have choices. No one had a choice of what they wanted. If they could see color they still wouldn't be able to pick out the tunic that they wanted that was a different color.Everyone would still be the same.It's important to have choices.7.3CH"
"I read this book a year ago and found it amazing. It is about a 12 year old boy named Jonas. He lives in a community where everything is decided by the goverment. There is no free will or choice or color. When Jonas turns  12, he is given the job to be a reciever of memories. A way to think of him  is an encyclopedia of memories, feelings, and pain(like sunburn) that is  never used. When he is given his job, he learns by the end of the book that  his ""perfect"" world is not that at all. The ceromony of  releasing, which at first is said to be expelation, is really fatal  injection done to people ranging from the age of newborn to elderly. I  don't want to ruin thending for anyone, so I won't."
"This is only the last paragraph of my review. Check out the full review at:http://shehlagrr.blogspot.com/2015/05/the-giver-giver-quartet-1-by-lois-lowry.htmlThe ending is a major cliffhanger. I mean, it ends at the tensest and most difficult-to-read-about part, but it does so in such a great way. I really loved this book and that ending just make me NEED to pick up the next book (which I'll also be reviewing). There's not much more I can say without spoiling anything. I really think you need to go into this book blind because it is partly a mystery; I can only tell you what I thought of it in general and what I thought of the characters. I highly recommend this book. I gave a 5/5 stars :)"
"The Giver was moving, beautiful, and deep.  The world reminded me a lot of Matched by Ally Condie. I'm glad I read it as an adult. It might have gone over my head if I'd read it in middle school. It was pretty deep and serious stuff. I'm still thinking about it. To be honest, I'm trying to figure out what happened at the end.  It had a very high-brow literary feel to it, but it wasn't hard to read.  Good literature has three things: first, excellent writing, second, lots and lots of feelings, and third, a nice, ambiguous ending.  The Giver has all of this and more.  As ambiguous as the ending was, it was still beautiful and I walked away from the book having a better appreciation for life in general."
"""The Giver"" was one of the most unique books I've ever read.  It's somewhat like a folklore with a story that's based on a society that isn't real.  The people in the  controled community are like robots with no  variation and no feelings.  Since the people in the community chose not to  have feelings, they gave the responsibility of carrying everyone's feelings  to a chosen one such as Jonas and The Giver.The ""shared  rememberence"" between Jonas and The Giver resembles a fortune teller  showing someone's future or a witch implanting images or thoughts into a  person's head.Over all I thought the book was great and I recommend it  to everyone and not just young adults."
"The Giver is a very different book, but very well laid out. The book has a lot of mysteries to it because they say things that don't make sense to people like us. Like "" When I touched he was shocked because we aren't supposed to touch other people in our community."", but you find out why later on in the book. **Hint**Hint** Just because it may not make complete sense in the begining, doesn't mean it won't in the end. It does start to make sense later in the book.  For school I have to read 30 min. and I was reading 60 and 90 min. a night instead! I couldn't put it down. I love how the chapters,usually, end in suspence.  This is a great book that I HIGHLY recommend!!! :o)"
The Giver is a must read . It's a story about young Jonas and how the government completely controls his life.  Jonas is about to turn 12 years old.  The government  will assign him and the rest of the 12 year olds their life time jobs and they will spend the next young years of their live being trained for their jobs. Jonas get a very rare and special job assignment.  This book makes you think about how our government could take complete control of our lives!  To the point that the people don't even know that in the past they had the right to make choices in their own lives. This book is very entertaining and will make you want to read the following books in the series. Is a must read for all ages!
"Lowry has done a wonderful job at painting for us a world in which comfort has been elevated above all else. The concept of the giver and the receiver, as well as her unflinching descriptions of both the pain and the joy of remembering and of understanding are even more powerful for their accessibility to both youth and adults alike. The images rendered in this novel will stay with me for years, if not for a lifetime. Although my own children are still young, I am now counting the days until I can read this to them at night. Indeed, it has reinvigorated me to become a teller of my own stories to them, into likewise evoke from them their own understandings of their day-to-day lives. I will recommend this to anyone who breathes."
"The book The Giver explores ine if the views or alternatives of how it  would be if we were to have a perfect society.  In The Giver there is a  socuety that has no differences.  There is a committee called the committee  of the elders who decide on which things should or shouldn't be held in the  society to make it perfect.  In the society there is no crime, pollution,  pain, rape, murder, or curuption, all the things that make a society less  than perfect.  In turn for them to give up such horrors they also had to  give up color, love, freedom, and the true happiness of achievement. A  perfect society sounds exellent but to loose just a simple thing as color  for a perfect society I would rather live in an imperfect society."
"Although I heard this book was controversial due to content-related, age-appropriate type issues, I personally loved this book.  I do believe and encourage all parents to read it before it is assigned reading for their kids in school.  It's a great book to dialogue with your children about.  The main question I receive concerning this book deals with the age of appropriateness.  Many lower middle school students are being assigned it, and the parents are concerned.  As an educator, a reading specialist, and a mom, I would suggest the book be read in eighth grade.I have read all four books in this series, and I highly recommend them all.  They are quick-reads, and the final book ties all the stories together very nicely."
"""The Giver"" is one of the best novels I've ever read. Lois Lowry creates a world so realistic, it seems you can see and feel what jonas does. The book starts out with Jonas riding home on his bike, and decides he's apprehensive about the Ceremony of Twelve coming up in December.  Jonas lives ina perfect world, and everyone has a number= a one-year-old is a One, and so on. When Jonas turns twelve, he is selected to recive special training from the Giver. There he recives many memories.  Over time, Jonas starts getting ideas. So he and the Giver work out a plan that will change the community. Forever!  After reading this book, I enjoyed it a lot. I would STRONGLY reccomend it to all young readers."
"This book, The Giver, is a book about a so called ""utopia"". This book follows a boy names Jonas and his life. Once he is chosen to be the new reciever, he starts to get a clue why his world is the way it is. But The Giver and Jonas soon comprimise a plan that will go against everything that his community is for. Jonas recieves shocking news the night before he goes through with the plan and things taske a turn for the worst.  Come take a ride with Jonas and see how utopias are. Lois Lowrey is showing a utopia in this book. But if you notice, it is actually showing how utopias are impossible because humans are all interested in different things and all like different things. This book is called: The Giver."
"I had never heard of The Giver until I saw the trailer for the movie. The scenes from the film didn't interest me and I dismissed it. Then my son sent me a paperback copy as a gift, with a note saying he had read it at least five times and he wanted to share it with me.I admit it took me several chapters to get into it, but by the time I was about halfway through, I couldn't put it down. I had no idea where Ms. Lowry was going with the story, but what an unexpected ride it was as she concluded the story of Jonus, the boy she had made us love and empathize with so deeply. I'm grateful to have experienced this book and I will not forget Jonus because if the image of him grows dim, I'll happily read the book again."
"The Giver is a great example of  good literature.  It has lots of feelings present.  I could really connect to the characters.  I could understand how they felt about certain topics.  For example, Jonas, the main character, felt that there shouldn't be sameness.  There was lots of description in The Giver.  I could see mental images in my mind of when Jonas sled down the hill.  Lois Lowry does a superb job giving you a description.  There was also interesting details.  You knew every aspect about every event in the story.  She depicted every memory to make sure you knew what it was like as if you were there.  For example, Lowry stated, ""The brutal slice of pain...""This is why The Giver is a book with good literature."
"This book was okay athough it was very confusing.  The beginning of the story  (when  Jonas  gets afraid of an airplane,) was probably the most confusing, but when you read on it started to make more sense. My favorite part in this novel is when Jonas recieves the holiday memory. It was a very heart  warming part in the story and i loved to hear all the details about it because  it made me think of our own world and  holidays. This book was very suspenseful. I did not want to put this book down once i started reading it. This is another reason the book was good. I would reccomend this novel  to others but most likely to students  a  little older such as fourteen and thirteen because it was kind of difficult to follow along."
"When I first read this book, I wasn't too impressed.  It seemed to me that it was another story of pure imagination and little reason if any.  After a while, I started to realize the message that Lois Lowry was trying to convey.  She was stating the dangers of pure conformity and tradition.  They had left individuality, and even justice, to distort it to fit their conformist beliefs.  In that society's beliefs, killing the old or handicapped was not only normal, but right.  Only the Giver understood the pain of loss, the value of human life and individuality, and everything that had been left behind by society.  The Giver contained a lot of imagination, but now that I look back on it, I see the reasoning."
"I think The Giver was a very interesting book written by Lois Lowry and well written, even though she wrote it when her dad was in the hospital losing his memory. It makes us appreciate what we have in life and what Jonas did not have. It has a lot of the same ideas from the book I Am David like how they both escaped from places to get elsewhere. It is like the movie Pleasantville, they are both in black and white like the olden day's. I would not recommend this to young children because it has some bad scenes but it would be okay for teachers in grade 7 and above. I would highly recommend this book to people it is a very good book. I give it a 5 out of 5 stars because I enjoyed the book it was very interesting."
"Lois Lowry is brilliant!I've read this novel twice now. Once, for school work in the sixth grade and second, just now on the verge of being eighteen years old. I was reminded of the novel by the upcoming movie and although I didn't remember the novel entirely, I did remember I enjoyed it.So I reread it and remembered how amazing it was. I think I appreciate it more now then I did before. lowry's message on choice and memories impacts me more now. Before heading off to college then when I was stuck to obeying my parents choice.We'll written. Clever plot.My biggest fear is that the movie will ruin it. Judging by the trailers, it's a completely different story. Standing alone it looks interesting enough but compare it to the novel and the movie is a load of inaccurate trash!Read the Book"
"There lives a community not like ours.  This community is an UTOPIA to the people who live in it.  Everything is the same and everything is done for you.  A twelve year old boy, named Jonas, has been selected to be the Receiver of Memory.  The Receiver of Memory is a person who has all memories of the past.  After almost a year, Jonas has come to realize that the community is not so perfect, it is far from perfect.  So Jonas and the Giver, the old Receiver of Memory, come up with a plan.  The plan is that Jonas will run away from the community, leaving the community with all the memories.  Jonas changes the plan so that a newchild named Gabe, will come along with him.  Jonas also steels his father's bike.  This book is different from all others.  It makes the reader think of how lucky we are to live on Earth.  It is a one of a kind book!"
"Being a teen myslef I think that this book would be great for every kid my age.  What kept me turning the pages is the little bits of information about this world Jonas lives is, and how it differs from the life we live  today.  Every chapter would reveal something new, that would be intresting  and different from how we go about life.  Then, when Jonas started his  journey to ""Elsewhere"" with his favorite newchild, life changed  for him.  They then knew real pain and it took everything they had,  including the memories Jonas had got from The Giver to stay alive.  He  hopes, but never finds out if his leaving will make the memories of true  life go to everyone he knew.  Then, you get a very unexpected ending which  almose lets you think of what happens to him.  This is a very fine novel,  great for any teen who would want to read it."
"** spoiler alert ** Hogwash. It's the first word which comes to mind when I read this.There is way too many open ended items and things which simply, do not make sense.Warfare - the society has no concept of warfare but the children play war and shoot fake guns.Sunshine - how in the world is sunshine removed from the community? Where would they get food? This would only be possible if it was some Truman show scenario.Ending - everyone is torn on what happened. Did he make it? Did he die? Here is what happened, the Giver is a liar. He lies. He manipulates Jonas into leaving so he isn't released and can hold onto power. The end.Simply put, the more vague and open ended a book is, does not make it a good book. A book should provide more closure on items than leaving readers speculating."
Lois Lowrys book The Giver is a book based on a community that lives in sameness to avoid conflict.  They have no memories of pain nor love which we hold dear.  They lived there lives unchanged until a young boy named Jonas is chosen to be the new Receiver of memories for the community.  During his training he begins to see how blind and ignorant the people in his community are only because they have no memories of the past.  Jonas starts to understand that you cannot truly learn if there are no memories of the past to teach you.  He realizes he must do something to help his community to see the error of the way they live now. This book inspires the mind to realize how important it is to learn from the past but not to try and take away individualism.  I believe this book is truly a one of a kind read that will defiantly open your eyes.
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is about a young boy named Jonas who lives in a much different society than our own.  When Jonas come of age, he is trained for what he is going to do for the rest of his life. While other young men are being trained how to be doctors or scientists, Jonas is being trained to be the next Giver. The Giver is a person who holds all the memories of ""the old ways"" such as color, snow and twin babies.  When Jonas sees how life used to be, he tries to escape to life in a more democrative society.  I felt this was an outstanding book.  I thought the plot was very suspenseful and it is so well written that you would never have guessed how it turns out to be. It also had a profound effect on me becuase it made me see the point of view of another society and what it is like to live in another than my own.  Please Enjoy!!"
"I enjoyed this book a lot. For the YA audience it doesn't treat them as fools which is refreshing to see in that area of books. The story is very smart and Lowry does a good job of creating a world while, at the same time, not giving you all the answers - which may be a negative for some. The characters might read as stiff or unnatural but there is a reason behind that. For the longest time I didn't know this was part of a series but it can stand on its own. A good dystopian story with a great look at the human condition that has stood the test of time in between my 1st and 2nd reads (about 15 years). The one big nitpick I have is the ending that has never made any sense and just comes out of nowhere. That has always turned me off to the higher praise I could give it but I hear the other books unpack it more - here's hoping. Final Grade - A-"
"THE GIVER is the story of Jonas who lives in a world where there is no pain and sameness is the goal.  Nothing is allowed to upset this peaceful, bland world.  When Jonas turns twelve his is given his position in the community.  Jonas is chosen to be the receiver; the one person who has memory of the entirety of the world including color and emotions and pain and love.  What Jonas discovers is that a world without pain and discord can also mask dark realities.I read this book because my sixth grader is reading it for class and I wanted to know what the book was about.  I was surprised by the depth of the story and the interesting parallels of today's society where parents often try to eliminate all pain and struggle from their children's lives.  I recommend giving this book a try.  It is not the typical dystopian teenage novel."
I THINK THIS IS THE BEST BOOK BECAUSE IT TELLS YOU ABOUT WHAT PLACE THERE TRIING TO FIND THE PLACE CALLED ELSEWHERE BECAUSE THEY WANTED TO LIVE THERE HIM AND GABE SO WHEN THEY LEFT THEY WERE ON THERE WAY TO FIND ELSEWHERE AND  SO THEY STARTED ON THERE JOURNEY TO ELSEWHERE SO WHEN THEY WERE GOING  DURRING THE NIGHT AND SLEEPING DURRING THE DAY SO WHEN THE PLAINS WENT BY  WITH THE HEAT SENSORS SO  JONAS WOULD THINK OF A HOT SUMMER DAY AND THEN  TOUCH GABE SO THAT WAY THE HEAT SENSOR DOESNT DETECT THE WARMTH OF JONAS  AND GABE DURRING THE NIGHT... BUT A LITTLE LONGER AFTER THERE LONG JOURNEY  TO THE ELSEWHERE HE FOUND A  SLED SO WHEN THEY BOTH GOT ON IT THEY STARTED  TO GO DOWN AND THEN THEY SAW LIGHTS SO THEY KEPT GOING DOWN AND THEN THEY  FINALLY FOUND THE PLACE CALLED ELSEWHERE AND THATS WHERE THEY LIVED HAPPLIY  EVER AFTER.....THE END...
My granddaughter who is 10 and I read this together and discussed it after each chapter. It's a book you won't forget
"In Lowry's book you are transported to a place devoid of emotion; a place where there are no past mistakes to look back and learn from. That is unless you are ""The Reciever of Memory."" In the socieyt where our main character, Jonas, lives there is only one person who carries all of the memories for the entire society. This method is used to shelter the society from uneccessary problems such as bad weather, love, and pain. The idea works except one person must hold the burden for everyone.In her book Lowry's provides detailed descriptions of such complicated emotions as anger, grief, and true happiness so that you can experience them yourself. The book is not purely for entertainment value, it definitely will evoke some serious thinking. By the end of this novel it is guaranteed you will feel everything Jonas has been through."
"Lois Lowry's book, The Giver, was a really good book. I really liked the way she described the ""Community."" I also liked the way she put everything in order.  She didn't skip around from in the middle of one of Jonas' sessions with the Giver to school the next day. I thought the ending could've been much better though. She left us on the edge of our seats when she ended the book.  She never told us how Jonas liked Elsewhere or if he and Gabe even made it to Elsewhere. THERE NEEDS TO BE A SEQUAL! Overall I think the book was really good.  If Lois would've added all the parts she left out including the ending, the start of life in Elsewhere for Jonas and Gabe, how the community reacted to all the memories, what Lily's assignment was, and if Asher and Fiona were put together in a family unit, it would've been that much better!  7.3 jrm"
"The Giver is an excellent book that not only has one inparticular moral or meaning, but many that can be interpreted differently. It's also a quick read that I wish was longer!! I enjoyed the complexity of characters like Jonas, and the Giver as well as the simplicity of characters like Asher, and Jonas's mom and dad. It is a very interesting story; the very setting of this story drew me into it as well as the actual content of the book. It is amazing how much intelligent well though through information they put in this book. At first the book may seem a bit strange, but if you keep reading it becomes relatable in some way to our own lives. I recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a good, quick read. Also to anyone who enjoys books that make you think!! If you don't get into it right away hang in there the endings the best part!!"
This is the first book I've read by Lois Lowry. I think it's perfect for adults as well as middle school age and up.
"The Giver is a really good book, which displays science-fiction, and fantasy. It is about a boy who gets chosen by the elders (the committee people) to be the reciever of memory. The Giver has to give memories to him. The memories of the utopian society is kept with them.  The community is perfect, but there is no color or feelings of pain, sorrow and love. So in the future they got rid of their past. Jonas made plans to escape to ""Elsewhere"" and went taking the baby, ""Gabe."" I can't explain everything because there's a lot to explain. Jonas' community has ""sameness"" which in other words means that everyone is almost the same. Their ""family units"" have to have four people.  Anyways, at the end the author leaves the ending in suspense leaving you to imagine what happens next. I rate this 4 stars out of five."
"Wow! Lowry's The Giver is quite an incredible story. We are placed in a dystopian society where hunger, disease, old age, etc have all basically been eradicated, however, the right to choose, be free, see color, laugh, touch, and enjoy life have basically been taken away from everyone (by the powers that be). Most people are compliant because they are drugged to the point of submission, however, our protagonist, Jonas, learns quickly what he and the others in his community are truly missing out on after he is chosen to be The Receiver. The Receiver is a special, isolated position. He is trained by The Giver--a man who holds the secrets, history, and the keys to what life was and could be like again. Lowry takes you on a gripping story that makes you question the idea of rebellion, authority, humanity, morality, and life itself."
"Lowry does a good job of writing a fast-paced dystopia novel where society, making a sort of deal with the devil, trades in their humanity--their choices, their capacity to error, their inclination for diversity and adventure--for a safe cozy womb-like existence where a false perfection kills the human spirit. Jonas, the main character, is a twelve-year-old boy who, like Jim Carey in the Truman Show, must re-evaluate what freedom is and act on his courage to change his destiny. A society that seeks to remain ignorant in the name of a utopia is a great theme that is explored effectively in this novel. For some companion pieces, I recommend H.G. Wells' short story In the Country of the Blind and two films: the aforementioned Truman Show and Pleasantville."
"The Giver was a very good book, although it made me think a lot about how Jonas would start a new life with Gabe in elsewhere.  I tried to think about what could have happened, but Lowry gave a little sense of mystery.  The Giver got me a little confused with being released because in the begining it sounded like they would put the person in another community.  In the end it said they killed the released people.  My opinion about The Giver is that it was very detailed and that it has a lot of mystery to it.  The details were excellent because I could picture the red sled going down the snow hilland then stopping, perfectly.  Also the mystery was just enough.  When Jonas found elsewhere, it told enough to show that he made it to a better place.  Overall, I Think that Lois Lowry's, The Giver, was a very well writin tale!"
"The Giver, by Lois Lowry, is the story of Joanas who lives in a ""perfect"" community. A place with no crime, poverty, hunger, and any real feelings. Until Jonas learns the actions of the community he felt safe. Now Jonas, and his nine month year old baby, Gabe, are on the run to find a world that is real. The book has amazing depth and a real heavey theme. The only draw back is the immature way it is written.The book deals with very mature ideas, however the author seems afaird to tackel them. So many questions were left unanswered, so many fates undeterminded because of the author PG rating. However, the young adult writing didn't hinder this great example of literature. The Giver, by Lois Lowry is a unbelivable book. It makes you ask the question if a world with peace is worth living without a free will."
"I thought that this book was very interesting and out of the ordinary. In a good way. It was very creative and unique. I like how they explained the different jobs that everyone got. Jonas was my favorite character. At the beginning of the book,I thought that the title didn't fit the book until I got to about the middle. I wish that some of our city rules and laws were like that. I really enjoyed this book because I like reading fantasy books and you could tell that this one was. I makes me wonder if the future could\will really be like this. The things that I didn't really like about it was that, It was alittle confusing at first but most books are. I also wish that there had been a more happy ending, and alittle more details on what happened next. I really did like enjoy this book and I would encourage you to read it too."
"This one of the most creative books I have ever read.It is pretty  suspenseful and is a very fun book to read. It may be hard to understand at  times, or really hard to understand, but it will all come together in the  end. It may be too hard for someone below 5th grade, unless someone  explains it to them.It is about a boy in a very stange society. He  thinks it's normal but you won't. He gets elected the new receiver of  memories, and has to accept painful, pleasant,fun and disturbing memories  of the ""bad times"" from the Giver, or the old receiver.( We are  living in ""bad times"") Sounds kind of confusing already, doesn't  it? It is guaranteed to thrill you"
"When I read the Giver, it really made me stop and think how the world would be like if it was like Jonas's land. Imagine there being no color, no feeling, no taste or sharpness to anything. Jonas, being appointed the next Giver, realizes how much he doesn't know. The Giver infuses pleasant and unpleasant memories into Jonas, giving him a taste of the world we live in. There are also very strict things in Jonas's world, such as there only being two children in a family, and exiting the world is deemed as a peaceful operation, but it means death, as Jonas finds out.I think this was a very good book, and it makes you realize that what may seem utopian may not be so utopian at all."
"This book can be pretty confusing but I still love it. About a boy named Jonas who becomes a Twelve and get a assigned job. See this community is perfect. Jonas gets assigned a special job. He meets a man that becomes his true friend. There's twists and turns but it's great. Lois Lowry writes very different than most writers. That is what I love about her. And this book shows her creativity. And if you read this book and finish it, you might want to read another book called ""Number the Stars"" about a girl named Annamarie in 1943 and her friend is Jewish and the Nazi's a trying to kill them. So Annamarie must protect her friend until the war is over. These two books are works of art!"
"In a perfect world lie dark secrets.  In this completely controlled world, a 12-year old boy named Jonas has been chosen to become the communities most honored citizen.  He has been chosen to be the Reciever of Memories.  Under the teachings of the elder known as the Giver,  he learns the dark  truth about his perfect community.  Battling against the pain and joy  ofthe memories he seeks ""Elsewhere"" so that the community can  also experience all of these feelings.  In this story, Lowry examines the  paranormal as well as a persons' freedom of choice.  Soon Jonas lears the  price of a perfect world and he decides that he is not the only one that  needs to pay this price."
"Personally I have been going back and purchasing books from my youth. ""The Giver"" used to be one of my favorite books and after reading it again as an adult I can say that there was good reason. With social commentary coming out of the woodwork in this Lois Lowry ""Newbery"" winner, and an easy straight forward writing style this book has an ever important message and gets it across to the reader flawlessly. Watch out for the ending though as it will leave you wanting more.All in all this book is wonderful, whether your ten or one-hundred. If you have the chance (and can find one of those awesome Amazon ""penny books"" deals) and want an easy read with a message;Read This Book!"
"I enjoyed reading this book.  Not only was it interesting but it was also an easy read.  In the beginning, it started of by giving some backround to the story and their beliefs of the community.  Then as the story goes on it shows how the boy learns that there is more to what he was brought up to know to be true.  Towards the end of the book, he becomes rebellious as he starts to realize the truth. The giver's job was to give the memories of life to the receiver who turned out to be Jonas our main character and with those he felt that everyone should have the memories that the giver has fed to him. The only part I did not like to well was the ending.  It was sort of a cliff hanger."
"Lois Lowry's novel ""The Giver"" was written in 1994. Being a great book, ""The Giver"" won the prestigious Newbery Medal ""for the most distinguished contribution to American literature for children"". It is about a future-world in which feelings and emotions  have been abolished. Only the ""Receiver of Memory"" has them.  Jonas, a twelve year old boy, is to become the next Receiver. During his  training  he finds out about the dark secrets that underlie the apparent  harmony of his world. The novel is devided into 23 chapters. The language  used by the author is often very easy to understand and not to formal. All  in all it is a book for everyone."
i am happy because i got this book in two days & now i am catching up in class because of you.
"This book is based in this fictional society where everyone is provided for and everything is the same.  Differences are frowned upon and being the same as everyone else is encouraged.  The laws are strict and no one dares to disobey them.  Lowry depicted a certain kind of ""utopia"" in this novel.  A ""utopia"" that might not be that far off in the future.  This book portrayed what could possibly happen if we give the government too much authority.  This book was a real eye opener and really makes you think about the possibilities of tomorrow.  I recommend this book to anyone who is looking for a good read that keeps you at the edge of your seat wanting to find out what happens next."
"As a child, my younger sister once said, ""Interesting is an interesting word.""  In that context, ""The Giver"" is a VERY interesting book.I've been reading for decades.  My youngest daughter has been reading a few years.  After reading ""The Giver"", she was anxious for me to read it.  She wanted, perhaps even needed, to discuss it with someone.  This was a first, and I obliged.Some books tell compelling stories.  Others exhibit artistry with language.  Some do both.  ""The Giver"" does something else too.  I'm not sure what it is, but it was there, you could feel it.  If you're looking for an unusual reading experience, read this one."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is one of the best books that someone could read.  It really brings about what life would be like if everything were the same.  I feel that memories are one of the strongest ideas that keep us alive.  We feed off them everyday; I know for me, I think about things that have happened in the past at least once a day. This book reflects on daily life where there is no violence, no mystery, no content within their lives what so ever.  All the adults have an assigned job, the kids have assigned playtime, there are no cars and there are no memories of the past.  To me, I feel that they live a very boring life.  Even with all the problems that we have in today's society, I think that we wouldn't have any excitement.by: ARC Quaboag Regional High School"
"Jonas, a twelve-year-old boy lives in a community where everything is pretty much kept the same.  However, once he turns twelve, along with everyone else in his age group receives a job assignment that fits their personality.  He is given one of the most important and respected jobs of all-the Receiver.  As the Receiver, he learns what life was like before the sameness and learns to love that more than the life he knows.I have read this book for the second time and I have thoroughly enjoyed it both times.  It really makes a person appreciate the little differences in everyone and hope that even if peace can be achieved through sameness, we still should love one another for who we are and not for who we aren't.  We should appreciate differences and learn to be much more open-minded."
"I thought that The Giver was definately a good read. Although it wasn't particularly difficult to read, it was thought-provoking. The tale of a new community in ""sameness"" is one that I have not yet heard. It was totally original and gave new meaning and depth to my memories and of what I think of as my community and my way of life. In never having thought of the lessons learned in everyday life the way that this book proclaims them to be, I sat in a pure state of thought after completing the selection. The only books that I could think of that could possibly compare to this are Madeleine L'Engle's- A Wrinkle in Time, George Orwell's- 1984, and William Gerald Golding's- Lord of the Flies. All in which people are set apart in some way and begin taking on their own culture and ways of life."
"I think I expected too much from this book.  I'm open to just about any type of literature, but this book just didn't do it for me.  I read it quickly, as expected for an adult reading young adult fiction.  The premise for the story was interesting, but I felt like I wanted more information and detail of both the characters and the situation.  I found the entire thing quite vague, leading me to ask more questions than answered.  It seemed sorely under developed.  Maybe that was the author's intention, to allow people to fill in all the holes on their own.  Perhaps it would be more thought provoking for the original intended audience.  Mostly, it left me shaking my head, wondering just what exactly I had just read.  Thankfully, I read it in a day, so I didn't lose much reading time to it."
"In Jonas's community, everything is perfect. There is no pain, hunger, or crime.  There are no choices to be made When you turn 12 you are given a role in the community for the rest of your life. when you become to old to  live anymore, you are simply ""relaeased"" from the community. When  Jonas turns 12 he is selected to become the Reciever of Memory, a highly  respected role in his community. However when Jonas begins to recieve the  memorys of the past from an old man, known as The Giver, Jonas realizes  that his world is not as perfect as everyone thinks. Jonas can't live in  this community anymore. But he can't leave his family and friends who he's  known all his life, or can he? He must do something, and fast. I thought it  was a great book and recomend highly recomend it."
"The Giver is a great book. In the community there is no war, no fear, no pain. There are no choices and no feelings. When you turn 12 in the community, you are assingned a special role. Each job is important to the  community. When the time comes for Jonas to be assigned, he gets chosen to  be the Reciever. The former reciever, now called the Giver, holds the  memories of the true pain and pleasures of the community. The Giver now  must give the memories to Jonas and then Jonas will become the Giver. I  liked this book mainly because of its plot and descrition. Lois Lowry has a  lot of talent in writting a descriptive book. I found one paragraph with so  much description. Every sentance had at least two or three descriptive  words. Read it. I guarantee you will enjoy it as much as I did!"
"I love this book.  When I was teaching, my students were made to read this.  They were in 7th grade, and didn't understand the significance of a utopian society.  How could they?  They don't have the tools to understand something so deep.  However, reading this book as an adult was amazing.  I started looking around the world and looking at things in a whole new light.  Today we live in a world that is being made more and more centerist, one in which everyone has the same things, same opportunities, etc.  Like the world Lois Lowry creates, we are losing history and it's a very small group that still remembers and studies what life was like.  Which direction are we headed?  Toward a utopian society where everyone and everything is the same or back to a world where diversity was the norm?"
"At 12 years old, kids in the community, a ""perfect"" society free from pain, suffering, emotion, color, etc., are given their assignments to train for the jobs they will have for the rest of their lives. Jonas gets a special ""honor"" rather than an assignment. He is to be trained to hold all the memories from all time for the community and he soon learns just what the community members have had to sacrifice to live this ""perfect"" life.I can see this book staying with me for a long time. It was not only an excellent story, but it gives you a lot of things to think about. I think Lois Lowry did a great job writing this book in a way that the target age group can understand the issues brought about. I would have liked to know a little more at the end, but it was a great read nonetheless."
"This book is about a boy named Jonas, who is chosen out of a group of kids  to take on a role of the reciever.  This book takes place in the future  when climate is controlled and colors are no more, all of this to make  living easier.  So no one can make their own decisions or have their own  ideas.  Everytime a child is born their life is already assigned to them,  their job and also their mate.  The people are just born into this with no  recalection of how the world really works. A guy who used to be called the  reciever is now called the Giver.  He teaches Jonas about colors and winter  and everything before it was all controlled, and he cannot share this with  anyone.  I liked this book.  I would recomend it to anyone who likes books  that are about what the future might be like."
"I thougth the book ""The Giver"" was an alright book. It was written nicely. The beginning was a little boring, and it took awhile for me to really get into the story line.  Jonas was a fabulous character and was interested in all sorts of things. I felt there wasn't really a need for Asher to be there though. But he was a good character. When I finally did get into the book, I found myself wanting more.  When I  reached the closing chapter I couldn't wait for the ending. When I finally reached it.. I was very disappointed. At first, I was like ""Okay, well there's probably going to be a sequel"", but then I realized there wasn't and was a little disappointed. So, basically I was very surprised that I like this book, because I don't usually like to read. So, that is why I gave it 3 stars."
"The Giver is a true classic.  I was captured from the first paragraph.  My children's literature professor recommeded that all of the elementary education majors read this book.  I finished it in two days while studying  for finals.  The book has since been passed along among my classmates.  Each time one of us finish it we express our feelings and show such  enthusiasm about it that someone else wants to read it.  I would not  recommend this book to those of you with no imagination.  It does not offer  definte closure, but imagination is what reading is.  If you want someone  to tell you every detail and what happens next then watch T.V. and leave  the books to those of us who imagine."
"After finishing the Giver by Lois Lowry, I decided I would hold back from review the book till after I completed the series. Now, after reading all four books, I believe I can truly express literal genius behind the work.The Giver represents a message that is often lost in today's world: the need for people, especial youth, to walk to the beat of their own drum and stand out from the crowd. The Giver, in a simple and understandable manor, teaches others to use their gifts, even against the advice of our superiors, to create better lives for yourself, others, and far behind.The Giver is a must read for anyone especially those under aged and hoping to find their own way."
"The book ""the giver"" from Lois Lowry is about the twelve year old boy Jonas who lives in a community in the future. He is assigned to be the Receiver of Memory and gets to know a lot of things from the Giver, the old Receiver of Memory. At first the book is rather boring, but after the  Ceremony of Twelve there is a turning point in the story and the book gets  more exciting. In my opinion the book is written for people of all ages and  I would advise you to read the book, because you'll be shocked when you  realize that the things described in the book can come true in our own  society.  You will  read the book and then you'll see all the things we  take for granted in another way."
"""The Giver"" was one of the most unique books I've read.  It's somewhat like a folklore with a story based on a society that isn't real in comparison with today's society which is filled with a variety of people  and styles.  The people in the controlled community are like robots with no  variation and no feelings.  Since the people in the community chose not to  have feelings, they gave the responsibility of carrying everyone's feelings  to a chosen one such as Jonas and The Giver.The ""shared  rememberence"" between Jonas and The Giver resembles a fortune teller  showing someone's future or a witch implanting images or thoughts one may  or may not want in their minds."
"I liked that it was hard to accept what was being said. I found the words uncomfortable.  I liked looking at my world; my reality; appreciating it with fresh eyes, including all its ugliness.I would recommend this book to any human being of any age; any ethnicity or faith.  Reading the acceptance speech from Lois Lowry for her acceptance of the Newberry Award made the experience richer for me personally. Hearing her words made me want to think of my life; my own story. Finding meaning is a life long project for each of us.Thank you for this thoughtful, rich material, giving our children big considerations as well as encouraging them to think and make choices for themselves. Allyn HT"
"Ms. Lowry's ""The Giver"" falls into the category of 'Young Adult Fiction.' This is a pity because, speaking as a 51-year-old man who also is an avid reader, adults could learn a lot from this small, thought-provoking book. Granted, the prose are not very colorful, but the story moves along at a brisk pace and, at a mere 179 pages, even people who rarely open a book should be able to make it to the end. I read Ms. Lowry's work because my 13-year-old son's 8th-grade, English class was assigned it. I was very pleased to know this excellent book was part of their curriculum. It's a great, yet somewhat downbeat, story to help kids as well as adults think outside their limited purviews. Well done."
"The novel ""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry deals with a boy who lives in a strange community and who find out what real life means.In the community where he lives the people don`t know what love is, they havn`t feelings. But there are one person who has all the memories yet, and the boy has been chosen to receive them. But with the new feelings he can`t live in the community, and together with his teacher, who give him the memories he makes a plan to escape....I like this book, because it gives you a new point of view of your life. It makes you think about your life and the future.The novel is very exciting! Only the ending doesn:t please me becaus you don`t know what will happened...."
"The Giver takes place in a society, that at first, seems perfect.  It seems to be free from crime or societal problems.  This however, leads to no freedom to make personal decisions or experience true freedom.  This novels main character is Jonas and centers around his coming of age at twelve years old.  At the magic age of twelve his society decides what his career and purpose of life is going to be.  His discovery into his assigned job as ""the giver"" is one that is troubling and leads him to search outside of his community to find a better life.  Follow Jonas as he learns of the true problems of his community and how maybe the grass is greener on the orther side of the mountain."
"""The Giver"" deals with a very strange world where people have to follow a lot of rules to build a painless society! I can't decide if this novel is mainly written for  children or adults. I suppose, it's very interesting to compare our today's world with the Givers's society but the  story is a little bit boring. I think, the philosophical aspects (e.g.  talking about love) are mainly adults' topics while the story is written in  such a simple style that even young children may understand and that  doesn't really satisfy me. Coming to conclusion,  ""The Giver"" has  a lot of interesting aspects of social and philosophical topics but the  story is too simple to be exciting."
"I thought that The Giver was a realy good book but I thought it had a bad ending. I think Lois Lowry should write a sequal. Saying what hapened when he got to Eleswhere.You know pick up where he left of. He was riding down the sled and he could see and here Eleswhere when all the sudden the book stopped and ended. The book was so eciting and interesting that I could not put it down I wonted to read more and more. There was something new and ecciting on every page. Even though I thought The Giver had a bad ending I am still looking forward to reading more of his books I just hope they have a better ending!!!!!!!!  Sincerley,  Your BIGGEST fan"
"I originally read ""The Giver"" a few years ago, not expecting much and was completely blown away by it. At the time, I almost didn't read it because it was marketed as a ""young adult novel"", and I thought it might be a bit mindless. But I was intrigued by the plot. This book is a gift , that succeeds in being both an emotional story and a compelling, somewhat realistic Sci-Fi tale. ""The Giver"" is a story that is good for a ten year old, as well as adults who will see the many metaphors and understand it. It may be written simply, but its' message is a universal one that all people should hear. It is THE best book I have ever read, and should be read by everyone"
"""The Giver"" is Lois Lowry's masterpiece. A book every young reader should experience. The idea of a land without pain and disadvantages is a mind-throwing concept. This novel takes readers through the concept of reality that we don't often think about, and turn our attention to the question""what is the meaning of life?"" Lowry's book has been named the Boston Globe-Horn Book ""Honor book"", the American Library Association's ""Best Book for Young Adults"" and ""Notable Book"", Booklist's ""Editor's Choice"" and The School Library Journal's ""Best Book of the Year"". It is also the winner of the Regina Medal and the Newbery Medal."
"The Giver The Giver is a very well thought out, original novel. Written by Lois Lowry, it is filled with interesting ideas in every chapter. It's a pretty simple read but with a sci-fi feel. It's hard to know if it took place in the future or the past. When I read it, I was full of questions as was the main character Jonas. At the beginning, Jonas is an 11 year-old boy with unique qualities unlike any of his friends or family. When Jonas attends the annual assignment ceremony, he has no idea what job he will receive for the rest of his life, but he could never imagine the one that he is selected for. All in all, The Giver is a remarkable one of a kind book and I highly recommend it."
"In his community of so-called ""perfection,"" Jonas discovers many faults and disadvantages. First, he's scared to leave his community, scared of what lies beyond the walls, but when he finds out the truth he can't wait to get out!This is a very exciting, mysterious, heart-warming book that I just couldn't stand putting it down. Honestly, I don't like to read, but this book was amazing...between the stirrings, the memories, realease, and everything in between, you'll be drawn into this book, just like Jonas's pale eyes. Lois Lowry allows you to come into Jonas's world, experience the true meaning, then lets your imagination run free at the end leaving you with suspense and wondering mind."
"This Futuristic fantasy is very creepy.  A perfeect world where erery everyone has a job an assingned way of life.  Only a few hold the key to the past, but give an unexpecting boy more than he bargens for.  Jonas is a boy who notices he different from the rest of the people.  He cannot understand why he id different till December when his placement for a job is chosen and his job is so much different from the rest.  He is the RECEVER and the GIVER gives him things he wished he never saw.  This book really makes you think about how different life can be and if it could ever be so perfect.  I reccomend this book to futuristic thinkers and old enough to undersand the world inside this book."
"I read this book as a class asignment and it is one of the best books I have ever read! It is about a boy named Jonas who has been born in a community without war, pain, or suffering; but along wih that there was no  love,feelings, or anything that would make people be different like color  or persomality. At the ""serimony of twelve"" everything changes  for him. He learns about the world from the Giver. One of my favorite parts  in the book was when Jonas askes his parents if they loved him. They said  no and that they appreciate his company instead of love. these eople even  take pills to control their emotions. It is kind of a sad book, but I still  loved it I gave it 5 stars!"
I didn't like the ending. I wish it told more of the story about his family after he left home.
"I love books like this,, (and I really wanted to like this one)....where life as we know it today has changed and is controlled by government ""to protect us"" however, I only gave this book 3 stars because of the ending. In the middle of the book I could tell there was a threat of this book ending abrubtly. it was starting to fizzle out ...to me there was never really a climax. it WAS good it just left me feeling incomplete at the end like "" ummm...ooookay, what happened next"" personally I do not like that feeling unless its a seris because then I know there is a  book(s) to bring it full circle.  so I dont think I would recommend this book to anyone as one not to pass by."
"I think this book is a good book because it show how jonas has to make a choice between a conterolled life or a free life. I like how jonas and the giver work to gether to form a new life for all the people in the commuity. I have one question for Lois Lowery and this was a big big pet peeve, were does this story take place!? Over all, I think this book is a must read. I think that Lois Lowery wrote a real work of work of art!I have a few wonders about the book. I under stand the meaning of the book. How do the people get in to the commuity at the begining? Do the 12's continue there school life or do do they start there new life?  A 6th grader"
"I liked that the author held back some information about this society in order to fully contrast my own assumptions or experience with the revelation of this cultures experience.  The way the story unfolds caused me to weigh the problems and benefits or similarities of each situation.  A real ""what if"" story.  The end leaves you hanging and it doesn't seem that the next book is a continuation of the giver.  I really love to know how a story ends! But in this case it seems fitting to not have a set conclusion....instead the reader must speculate based on what they now know about the main characters story.  And the reader is in the same predicament as the main character.....not knowing."
"I enjoyed this quick book, for the most part. The ideas within it are thought provoking and a bit of a poke at some of today's absurd practices that take away our freedoms in the search of sameness and fairness. I can't give it a full five stars, though, because the ending was so unfinished. There are two different ways to interpret the ending, neither of which satisfy me. I wouldn't mind a little mystery for the resolution of the story, but there was so much uncertainty to how it ends that I almost feel like the author didn't even know how to end it and played it off as a mystery. That bothers me. I did enjoy the book and the storytelling, so I'm glad I read it anyway."
"I read the book The Giver by Lois Lowry. Jonas is an 11 year old boy in the near future. He lives with his family in his dwelling.  Everything is perfect in his community. Everyone is assigned a role to help the community, and no one is left out. Every year there is a ceromony in which each child turns a year older.  Jonas  attends the ceromony expecting to be given a job. But his whole world turns upside down when he is skipped in the ceromony and given an experience he will never forget.  I liked this book very, much even though some parts are confusing. You really have to use your mind to figure out what is going on. It is a good book and i recommend it to every one!"
"I was a bit hesitant to read this one - the cover doesn't speak to me. BUT, boy, am I glad I did! The Giver gave far more than I could ever have expected. The characters were so real, I could reach out and touch them. And the world is hauntingly terrifying in its sameness. That is exactly what would happen to us if we gave up our free agency to choose - even though agency is a double-edged sword that can inflict so much pain on us. I really like the concept of The Giver as a custodian of memory. This book is a brilliant read - sadly a bit short, I could have done with a few more chapters - for anyone wanting to explore how the world would be without choice. I loved it."
"Reading the book was quite interesting because the reader experiences a world completely different compared to our world. It`s a world without love, feelings, feelings of pain and war, climate, without making own decisions and that`s why this book is so interesting! The story deals with Jonas who is at the age of 12 and who has the most honored job in the community called ""Receiver"", which means that he receives the memories of the past of the community, which are given to him by the ""Giver"".On account to the hardness of his announcement, he escapes from the community to search ""Elsewhere""...in the end he arrives there!I want to recomment this book to everyone."
"Lois Lowry's The Giver sends chills down my spine, for the lonereason that this book is not fantasy but almost reality. It describesa world where everyone gives up, and decides that they can't live with emotions, to name one of the many things they gave up. Jonas, the lead character, was not given the chance to decide if he wanted to live in a society so black and white. He was born there, and nearly conformed to the rigid ways of the community. But he changed, and decided to leave to the community. The only way he did this, however, was with the help of teh Giver.  I find this book realistic, yet full of hope. I applaude Ms. Lowry for having the foresight to write it."
"The first time I read this book I was in 8th grade and I instantly fell in love with it. Lois Lowry wrote such a great novel, in which he creates a utopian society, where there is no pain, hunger, and there is climate control. Jonas is given the job of the giver, which means he must hold on to all the secrets of the world. The cover of the book really ties in with the story, the book is in black and grey except for a torn piece which shows color. The entire book is written from 12 year olds, Jonas, point of view, which lets the reader experience the story from his point of view. I think this book is perfect for 12 and up, it's a book which wills stay with you forever."
Very good I liked it so much I hope everyone that reads this book finds it as good as I did!
"I just finished reading ""The Giver"" for an assignment in my Young Adult Liturature 4510 class, and I wish I would have read it sooner in life.With it's interesting subject matter, inovative ideas, and  easy-to-read structure, ""The Giver"" would be an excellent way for  youth to study their own culture, prescribed social boundaries, and their  own ideas about what society should be like.I was once asked ""If a  book doesn't get under your skin and make you think about it's content,  then what is the purpose of reading it?""  I think that Lowry does an  excellent job of probing young minds to ask questions and explore new  ideas."
"This book left me with an unclear feeling of wheter I liked it or not. I started the book really excited and finished it quite fast. It's really easy to read and it hooks you. I loved the beginning and the world they created. I felt so intrigued all the time.But once I finished, I felt disappointed. There was no explaning whatsoever about the world it self. How did the giving and receiving work? Why was Jonas especial? And many more questions that I really don't know if get an actual answer. I read a chapter from the next book and seems to be set in another comunity.I think the could have had a bit more of detail, and make it 50 pages longer."
"The Giver is a book written for middle school students, but as a 20 year old college student, I enjoyed it as much now as I did in the 7th grade. The writing, first of all, captures you and sucks you into this world in which Jonas and his family and friends live. The concept of the book is so intriguing also that it makes it easy to WANT to read it. Jonas' relationship with The Giver is heartbreaking in good and bad ways. I think that every student should read this as a middle schooler, but I think that everyone should read this book because it is a well written, easy to read book that also makes you think. I enjoyed this book and plan on reading it again and again!"
"i have always liked sci-fi books but this one beets em all. this book is amazing. so full of detail and description. I have fallen in love with the futureistic world that lois lowry has created. Its like the perfect world. no one gets hurt. but there are some things that i dislike such as how in that world once you get to a certain age or if you have an identical twin you get your life taken away. what are we animals, i dont appear to be a dog but go ahead and check just to make sure. i also disliked the excessive rules. but over all this is one of the best books i have ever read it has become my favorite book. i recommend this book to anyone who loves to read science fiction."
"I found this to be truly incredible book. It is able to display effectively why individuality should be celebrated and how a society that encourages sameness will only force it's members to a sort of pointless existence. It also gives a rather meaningful life lesson. That without feeling the true pain and anguish that life has to offer, you cannot feel the full extent of its love and happiness either. It offers a sense of extremes that everyone is meant to meet and deal with in order to fully appreciate what they have. Without that balance between the very bad in our lives and the very good, we lead a mundane existence, because we don't know how to truly know emotion and live."
"I read this book to keep track of what my 7th grader had to read as her summer reading requirement . I ,for one, like the concept that the author has dealt with. The struggle and fantasy that a child deals with while growing up. The struggle with how things stand and the fantasy of what they would ideally have it as. Well, don't we all crave for that ""elsewhere""... However, when my twelve year old reads it, she gets very involved with the characters and the pain they feel; and I could see that the symbolism was lost on her. I would still recommend this book as it brings about a certain maturing and  provokes questioning. I hope the book generates some debate in the classroom."
I was like many others disappointed by the ending but that is because I enjoyed the story so much and didn't want it to end. It is quite a thought provoking book and I can't believe the people who are giving it bad reviews. Please spend some time thinking instead if just looking for shallow entertainment-or just go and read 50 Shades of Gray.  I am technically glad (still wanted more but get why we didn't get more) that it ended where it did. This way this story's impact is really at its highest and purest form. It delivered the view of this perfect world and the price people pay to live in it and the rest is up to us readers to imagine. Excellent. Can't recommend it enough.
"The Giver is an excellent book and one I would highly recommend. There is much deeper philosophy than meets the eye within this small novel. I was intrigued by the society found within it; The Giver is a book enjoyable as a simple read on one level, and an excellent treatise on the human state on the other. As you read it, make parallels between the book and our current society. The book itself is a metaphor hearkening to modern society, and defiantly deserved the 4 stars I am giving it. A 5th star was not achieved for a couple reasons; one, the book is perhaps a bit on the short side. Finally, the ending of the book was, for me, a bit of a drop. We will see how you like it!"
"The Giver is a great novel that makes you think.  Have you ever wished the world could be rid of all the pain and suffering we all must live through?  A world without warfare and poverty would be perfect...and it seemed so to Jonas and everyone else in his community.  Jonas was happy, until he slowly learns that living in a world where everyone is equal is not worth what they are sacrificing.  Without hurricanes there is no sunlight, and without hate there is no love.  He learns ignorance is not bliss and he does not live in a perfect world after all. This book takes you into this ""perfect world"" and then into Jonas's new one.  It is both a page turner and thought-provoking."
"This is a book I think is meant for reading in one session, I enjoyed it. It is well written."
"Got this for my son, who had to read it for school, but I ended up reading it myself as well."
"This book sort of sneaks up on you.  The well written story draws you in, and does a good job of establishing a fascinating world where pain and suffering has been removed from society.  The author does a good job of supporting the premise with solid back story, and plot development.  The main character is especially well done and plausible.I wasn't sure what to expect as the end of the fast moving book neared.  I worried that the author may not be able to pull it all together for a satisfying ending.  Without giving too much away I will say that the ending leaves some interpretation up to the reader, making this book something unique and special, if not easy to classify."
"The Giver is a well crafted and intriguing story set in a seemingly idyllic setting. The setting of the novel is what essentially arouses the main themes of the novel. Themes include conformity, a communistic style of living, and loss of innocence. The main character Jonas struggles with his identity as a member of his community. This struggle is won by his loss of innocence. As the Receiver his newly found high status comes with a price. His price is his naivety of the situation he lives in. The book is a man vs. himself conflict. Jonas can either live in ignorance, or understand and be in pain. This novel is poignant, and goes much farther beyond being a children's novel."
"Although I enjoyed the book, I felt that character development was quite weak. The events also unfold rather quickly and as a reader I felt wanting for at least a glimpse of some internal struggle behind the characters' decisions. Everything seemed just too convenient! And I found it  difficult to accept the premise that memories -- and not the interpretation of those memories within the context of acquisition of those memories -- is sufficient for a life-changing event for a 12-year old.In addition, I found that it ended quite abruptly. Perhaps I need to read rest of the books in the quartet to better understand the reasons for its popularity."
"This book is highly deserving of the Newbery Medal that it earned. Don't be turned off that it is recommended for ages 12 up. I am 71 years old, and can assure you that it has universal and multi - generational appeal. It is one of the most compelling and imaginative literary masterpieces that I have experienced recently. At the end of the book, I advise readers to also read the author's acceptance speech given during the award event because it provides tremendous insight beyond the book itself.  I have seen previews to the upcoming movie, but I am not yet convinced that I want to change my vision of the setting, characters or even tinkering with the plot."
"This book is all about what it would be to live in a perfect world and have everything planned out for you. Everything is in perfect order. The people have no worries or cares in the world. The community strives for ""sameness"" in which everyone is equal or the same. Each member is assigned a position in society. Jonas sees this as a problem. The community selects him to be the ""reciever of memories""Only the giver can bestow this gift and only he knows the truth and he must pass this knowledge off to Jonas.But how will Jonas percieve it. The giver is an extroadinary book about what it means to live in a perfect world. This book will truly blow you away."
"After being completely hooked on the Hunger Games Trilogy I couldn't find myself getting interested in anything else.  I tried a few books and nothing peaked my interest.  Then one day I was sitting at home and seen the trailer for the movie The Giver.  I loved the trailer so much that I immediately looked it up to see if it was a book series and sure enough it was.  I went right to my kindle and ordered it.  The book was a great story with great characters and I couldn't put it down.  I am now on the second book in this quartet and excited to finish this series.  I highly recommend this book, it has a lot of depth and I promise you won't be disappointed."
"I am not really a science fiction reader, but this book kept my interest all the way to last page.  Excellent read!  I would recommend this book for grades 7-9 or 12-19 year olds.Imagine living in a unique world where no one has to make choices and life decisions are made for you.  Jonas the main character in ""The Giver"" faces this conflict when he questions where people go after their jobs are over or if they are not qualified for a job.  When he turns twelve he gets his assignment which drastically changes his life.  It is not really the job he expects.  Read the Giver to find out if he can handle the pressure of taking away opportunities to feel."
"Although Ron Rifkin's voice seems monotonal at first, as you listen further, it becomes apparent that the sound fits the text. The society in which the main character, Jonas, resides is also lacking variation. The society in Lois Lowry's, The Giver, is one which frowns upon those things we honor so greatly-- love, compassion, emotional attachment, freedom, creativity,etc. When Jonas turns twelve, he is assigned the task of receiver of memories. Thus begins his transformation and, in the end, Jonas learns too much for his own good. Or maybe not! You have to read it to find out. The writing is superb. I couldn't wait, each day, to listen to this audio book."
"I thought that The Giver was an excellent book.  I loved the way that Lois Lowry depicted a world without memories of legends.  It was an original plot, and I think it would be scary if such a thing really did happen, that the entire world lost touch with its roots, save for one person burdened with having to keep the memories.  This one person, the Receiver, had to then call upon the memories to help save the community in the book.  I know that if something like that ever did happen, Franklin MA. and Franklin High School, not to mention the rest of the world, would be devoid of all emotion.  This would be devastating because we need emotions to be human."
"The book ""The Giver"" is about a young boy named Jonas,who lives in a perfect world:In his community,which assimilates to an isolated town,there doesn't exist neither pain or hunger nor crime or divorces.As he is selected as the new ""Receiver of Memory"" he can see that  there's nothing as it seems. We think ""The Giver"" isn't that  good.Our reasons for not loving that book are that we are two very  realistic girls and simply can't follow the storyline,because it's so  confusing.Maybe we have  too small of an imagination,but above all the  ending of the story doesn't really make sense and so many questions are  still left open."
"This is one of my favorite books of all time because it is meaningfful and gives a view of how life without strong feeling can be harsh and unwanting. I thought this plot was definetily an act of pure brilliance by Lois Lowery. This book is so meaningful and important. Jonas's expieriances as the new reciever showed me that we need things like love. It also showed the sadness of war ,hunger,neglect and many others that we have to deal with today. I saw that when not used to it all these things can do a number on one's soul. I don't know how much I can tell you what a great book this but all i can say for now is everyone should read tis extrodinary book!"
"This is a truly amazing story that follows one boy's pursuit to truth about his society. I read the first half of this book with middle school students and what I found interesting was that they were stuck on the peculiarity of this society.  We would go on in the story and the discussion would always go back to how different the society was. The story also made students think about how there are limitations in our own society, questions that no one is really answering. This is a wonderfully written story that makes you wonder why we view things the way we do. This book really made me think, making it entertaining and relevant for teenagers and adults."
"The Giver is a really cool. It is about a boy who is chosen by the elders of his Utopia type community to have one of the most honored, but painful job a the reciever. He must recieve all the memorys in the world. Memorys of good times, memorys of war, unknown to his somewhat ""perfect"" community. But when he realizes these are mere memorys, he desides to pursue his own life, not chosen by a bunch of old people. So one night he escapes the community with his baby brother ""newchild"", Gabe. He rides on his bike through the woods, encountering strange animals unknown to him, and terible snow storms. Then, he looks over a hill and he sees a city. But not just any city, a NORMAL city."
"I've just finished reading this book in an intermediate English as a Second language class, and it was wonderful. Deceptively simple, ""The Giver"" is the story of a Utopian society that has chosen Sameness over uniqueness, given up freedom for a life free from pain and suffering. Jonas is 12 years old when he is chosen as the one to ""hold"" all the memories of the past, good and bad, to protect the society's tranquility from being disturbed. Jonas slowly discovers the price that has been paid by leaders in the past in return for the Community's safe existence in the present. Lowry slowly reveals what the truth is, as Jonas learns it. This is a great book to teach and think about--I truly enjoyed it."
"I love ""The Giver"" more and more each time I read it. It is an absolutely unique story that forces the reader to ask many questions concerning life and society. Reading ""The Giver"" means stepping into a world where expectations are that everyone is the same. Slight differences are frowned upon and everyone in the community is assigned a specific role. Jonas is a character that displays a vast range of human emotions which makes him easier to relate to. Watching Jonas' life change throughout the novel is painful and thrilling. This book will leave you wanting more and yet questioning what you've just read. I highly recommend ""The Giver"". It is a great read and I guarantee you won't soon forget it."
"The Giver is an interesting book about a world that is controlled and is void of emotions that are painful. They dont have vocabulary for certain words, they only have synonyms. The most important age for a person in the main character Jonas world is 12, the age that a person gets assigned to what he or she will do for the rest of their lives. Jonas finds out that he is going to be a Receiver, and he gets special access to all kinds of memories. When he finds out what life is all about though, Jonas decides that his perfectly constructed world is wrong, and he tries to change it. The novel is a really good one that makes you wonder if something like Jonas world will become our world someday."
"It was a book that was hard to put down. I just wanted to know what was going to happen next. It wasn't a thriller or murder mystery but I just wanted to know what happened to Jonas. It made me think about other movies that have come after this book was written, like Divergent and Pleasantville. It was at a time when life was different and people didn't have choices but wanted it that way. There was no color. Everything was the same and the people liked the sameness. Then along came Jonas and wanted things to the way they are now but along with the beauty came pain. It was a book that I wanted to keep reading but the ending made me very sad. I couldn't keep the tears from rolling down my cheeks."
"The giver was quite intresting at times but at others it had way too much explaning.  After one or two times of someone explaining how Jonas felt,  you just want them to shut up!  I also believe that this book had a slow  start, and that ,for me, isn't very helpful when trying to get into the  book.  I think that younger people wouldn't have a clue to what The Giver  is about, so older people, such as fifth and sixth graders, should read  this book.  The reason i rated this book a three star book is just for that  reason.  I think it was too complicated for younger people and too boring  for older people.  This is just one of those books you have to read at just  the right age to fully enjoy it."
"This book is AMAZING!!! You will love it if you read it. I love the twists, this is a great book"
"When youre reading a book like The Giver, putting it down is a real challenge. In this thought provoking novel, Lois Lowry provides clear pictures in the readers mind. Using detailed and descriptive language that will take you on a breathtaking adventure, in a world of sameness and predictability, through the eyes of a boy who is starting to realize his world isnt so perfect after all.This is a wonderful book for people 9 +. Although it starts off slow once you get started you cant stop. With well-developed characters and no profanity, this amazing book will take you on the ride of your life!HIGHLY recommended! Thank you Lois Lowry for creating such an amazing novel!"
"I gave this book 4 stars because of all the parts that I thought were the best parts in this book. I really recommend this book for people because of there was the best climax at the right moment in this book. I disliked that in this book everyone got there real jobs at only 12 years old. I also disliked the fact that people get ""released"" because I think they should have the elder people go threw old age without having to die early. At the end of the book Jonas and his little sister had escaped from the community and I thought that would be a good part in the book because they found out what it means to be released and they didn't want to be part of the community anymore so they had escaped."
"The most recent time I read this book it only took a matter of hours. It was required reading in both seventh and eighth grades, and now again in tenth. The notion behind this book is sound, however it fails to have a target audience. Its brevity makes it appealling to younger children, however most ten year olds would miss the deeper meanings imbedded in this novel. Older children, or adults, would I believe not appreciate this book because of its length. It would be much better to read Zamyatin or Huxley, if you are of an age to understand the sociopolitical issues that are behind this story. As a book, it is only of value as a diverting read for younger children, with minimal deeper meaning."
"Can you imagine living in a world where there are no memories or feelings? This book written by Lois Lowry, was alright until the ending. It was pretty cool how you found out that these people are color blind but it was totally unrealistic. There were many surprises that I didn't expect to happen but it was kind of odd that the community didn't even know what pain or love was. I personaly hated the end of the book because they left many things unanswered like what happened to the Giver, what happened to the community, and what happened to Jonas and Gabriel.I would recommend this book to someone who likes wierd books but not to someone who likes good books like me."
"Jonas lives in the distant future.  He was brought into a world without pain and hunger and he going to have the time of his life after he was appointed the Reciever of his community.  The Giver, his trainer, will  teach him some of the life styles people lived back then.  The author, Lois  Lowry, treated the subject of the story with a certain passion, trying to  let the ""young people"" to learn that there isn't always pain but  there is also love.  I recommend this book to mainly young-adult readers.  The literacy work is great to capture the young minds of today's readers.  I thought is was a good book, this is why I have rated this book four  stars."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is just one of those books that just sucks you in; you just can't stop reading it.  If you're one of those people who is not really keen on reading, then this is the book for you.  If you don't really know what you're taste in reading is and you like exciting and interesting books, this book is perfect.  The Giver takes the reader into the future and describes what life would be like with out feelings or LOVE!  One boy is singeled out because he is different, and he is taught to become the Giver.  Although this book is set in the future, you can stikll relate to it's message.  The Giver is a book that I will never forget. by Amanda Tarplin"
"The Giver Should be the most successful story in the whole worldbecause one day it will be taking a place in the future. The main characters are Janas,Lily,the parents,and their infant brother Gabe.Jonas is closing to become 12.Every twelve is assigned a job for the rest of his life. somthing happens and later Jonas discovered why the community is bazed on rules and why somethings are strange but at the end he finds the real meaning of family and love.This is the most interesting book that i have read jet because its full of adventure,passion and spirit For all my friends i would like to tell you to read this  book and you will exactly Know what i mean."
"The Giver was an amazing book that really made me think about all the choices that people have made that have gone ary. In the future the people of earth have given up love, sex, color, music, and the right to choose your own job or have memories. The people each year at the ceremony of twelve which is when the children get their jobs they choose a giver. A giver holds all the memories and can see colors and hear music. Also they are the only people besides the people who perform the release to know the truth ( release is instead of death you'll have to read the book to find out what it is). The book really makes you think and can jog your mind about the future."
"I'm a book nerd, so I have no idea how this gem escaped me!  I read it in three hours, it's not long....but powerful!* it is a ""children's book"" but I will not allow my kids to read it until they're 13.  8-11 year olds are not yet ready for some of the heavy topics in this book, in my opinion.  My 8 & 9 year olds would have nightmares if they read this.  It's not so much scary as disturbing.* Please read this WITH your kids!  What a great discussion starter on some heavy topics already facing our society.*  PRE- read this so you can be prepared to discuss this with your kids.EXCELLENT little read.  Just brilliant."
"I decided to read this book because several people compared The Hunger Games to this. I can see why people would think that Suzanne Collins had been inspired with the story of The Hunger Games from this but it's not the SAME story as some have said. Both books are Young Adult but are still great stories no matter what a person's age.I do like this book and it's scary to think of a future like what is portrayed here. I hope that our society never turns into something as horrifying as this. Even though it's not a ""slap ya in the face"" kind of scary, it is frightening if you really think about how it could be. I hope I never have to live a life of ""sameness."""
"The Giver is a very good book. We are reading this right now in middle school. It is about a boy named Jonas who lives in a controlled Community. They have very little freedom, they can't even chose their jobs or have kids. When Jonas becames The Receiver he learns about things from the past he never heard of like music or snow, he learns about warfare and christmas. His job consists of pain and sadness and with The Giver giving him these memories he discovers new things. He notices his Community doesn't have colors or weather..its always sunny there. He and The Giver are the only ones who know about everthing....and make a plan to change the Community forever."
"Personally, I didn't really care for ""The Giver"". Yes, it is a good book, with a good plot, but what spoiled the book for me was the way the characters acted. When I read a book, I like to have more than one character be three-demensional. As I read this book, I grew increasingly fustrated at the behavior of the other characters actions. The only characters that seemed to have any remote form of demension were The Giver and Jonas. In my opinion, if the other characters that were mentioned on a regular basis, perhaps the book would have been more enjoyable to me. However since that was not the case, I cannot find too much that I enjoyed from this book."
"I decided to read The Giver because it was on Amazons list of 100 Books to Read in a Lifetime, and was a Newbery winner.The story of a strange utopian society is well written, and definitely interesting.  However, the ending was pretty weak.  There are at least three sequels, so this seems to be a case of the author, once again, setting up her readers for a series by chopping a story into multiple books.  Also, it did win the Newbery Award, but it seemed an awful lot like an adult novel masquerading as childrens literature.One thing is clear to me: if I were deciding on 100 books to read in a lifetime, this would not be on the list."
"As a person who reads as much as I do and loves dystopian fiction it is surprising that I had not read [The Giver] by [Lois Lowry] before now. It has been in my classroom for years and on ""my list"" but I never got around to it. Now with it coming out as a movie(which I will never see because the book is ALWAYS better), I decided to read it.It reminded me of [Fahrenheit 451] by [Ray Bradbury]. The concept of a sterilized society without creativity has been around for a long time. [Lowry] puts the reliance of society's memory on a child. It becomes his responsibility to remember and protect them from their own history. The Sameness is their protection but at what cost?Overall I enjoyed [The Giver] and hope all my students read it."
"The Giver tells the reader the story of Jonas, who lives in a community, which seems to be a perfect world by having very strict rules. At his Ceremony of Twelve he is selected as a new Reciever of Memory"". That means that he gets to see things which the others in the community aren't able to see. Gradually, Jonas notices what the real world"" looks like.Our opinion:It's a good book for a school-book. The beginning is very boring, but page by page it gets more interesting. Especially the moments when Jonas gets the memories are written very well so that you can imagine these situations. After the first chapters, you don't want to stop reading the book. The book makes you thinking about our own society.We would recomment to read this book! :o)"
"The Giver tells the reader the story of Jonas, who lives in a community, which seems to be a perfect world by having very strict rules. At his Ceremony of Twelve he is selected as a new Reciever of Memory"". That means that he gets to see things which the others in the community aren't able to see. Gradually, Jonas notices how the real world"" looks like.Our opinion:It's a good book for a school-book. The beginning is very boring, but page by page it gets more interesting. Especially the moments when Jonas gets the memories are written very well so that you can imagine these situations. After the first chapters, you don't want to stop reading the book. The book makes you thinking about our own society.We would recomment to read this book. :o)"
"The Giver, by lois Lowry was an exellent book as a drama series. Although it didn't have much action, The Giver was still a good novel. I like this novel because it has a variation of elaboration. If you are a firebrand, or  emotional personIdo not recomend The Giver. If you can handle sad stories  you should read this book.  On a scale one to ten I'd give it a seven.  I'd give this novel a seven because it had such goog elaboration, that I  could almost see it as a movie. I took those three points off because there  was not enough action. Me, Ilove to see action.  The Giver was to  realistic for me to enjoy. It was okay but Iam not that type of realistic  person.  I beleive that you should read The Giver if you like the type  of story I have just explained."
"THE GIVER hardly needs commentary from me.  It's been praised up one-side and down another.  And yet I'm going to write a few more words.Lowry's writing in this book is delightful.  Her tone is calm and her word and grammar choice are simple, almost childish, which fits the principle character who is only 11 at the beginning of this book.  And yet it's the soft, light tone --which never changes as the story unfolds-- that makes the horror of the tale all the more real, all the more poignant when juxtaposed against the community's gentle nature.The Giver is written at the 5.7 AR level.  (Think 5th grade near the end of term).  There's no direct violence or bad language.Recommend.Pam T~mom/kidlit-YA blogger"
"I have always loved this novel--in fact, I would easily call it my favorite of all time.  Lowry paces it perfectly--and it meaningfully displays the need for opposition--all good things do come with bad.  If there was no sorrow, than nobody would have anything to compare happiness to--and happiness therefore becomes obsolete.  If there was no happiness, there would be nothing to compare sorrow to--and no one would ever learn or develop from their mistakes.  Lowry's message remains clear throughout the novel, and she shows that message wonderfully in The Giver.Francis Bacon once said, ""Some books are to be tasted, others to be swallowed, but only a few are to be chewed and digested.""  Digest this one, it's an incredible book that deserves its Newbery Award."
"This book is a wonderful book to read to children and people of all ages. I found it interesting and very mysterious in a way.The book starts off with a boy named Jonas. He lives in a sort of controlled and robotically initialized world. It is a small community, but the strange thing is that no one in that town can remember their past. I believed that they were brain washed, but that is just me.Now Jonas had turned 13 and for some strange reason he was chosen by the ""Giver"" himself to have a gift and that gift is to see his past. What happens after that is amazing. I rate this story 4 out of 5 stars because it was good, but there were still some parts that were misleading, but again that is in my opinion and I will let you read it for yourself."
It is inspiring and touching I turkey won't find anything like this book for a while that's how good itis
"This book isn't bad, but is a bit, well, boring at parts. The deep meaning is very good though. So, yeah."
"The giver is an absorbing novel by Lois Lowry which transports yo to a worls where everything is seen in black and white terms. It is the same for Jonas, the main character, till the time for his thirteenth birthday draws  near.  He begins to see flashes of something, in an apple, or his friend  Fiona's hair.  When he is picked to be the giver, a honored but mysterious  and frightning position, things change even more. After he becomes the  giver Jonas learns that his society kills non-productive members, Jonas  decides to flee to a community lying ""outside"", which is similar  to our own. WHen he leaves, he triggers a release of all the memories he  has accumalated as part of the givers job, to the community, and things  become more normal."
I think the charecter development in The Giver is pretty good.  You learn gradualy more about each character (the Giver and Jonas) and you learn suprising things about the place where Jonas comes from.  I think the book is very descriptive about the memories Jonas is given.  The way Lowry describes the feelings Jonas feels makes it as if you were there watching the whole thing.  I think the ending is good for people who like 'drop off endings'.  An ending where the story could easily go on.  I think the kids who like to imagine what happens after will really like the ending...  If you arn't one of those kids you wont really like the ending at all.
"I thought the book was very interesting. I like what you did at describing the ""community."" The way you didn't make it sound plain and ordinary. I also liked the way you used very discriptive words with this book, because it makes it more interesting.  I thought the ending was a little bit overwhelming, because of the hang off. You just left us there wondering what would and what could have happened to Jonas. ""The Giver"" needs a sequel though. It's hard to read a book not knowing the end and than you don't find out what happened.  Overall I thought the book was really great, just a few adjustments and it could have been better.-AMM,7.3"
"We recently read this book at school. First it was a little bit difficult to understand, but later we really enjoyed reading it. Although the story is very unrealistic, the novel is interesting for ""not fantasy-fans"", too.The novel is about a boy called Jonas, who lives in a world without colours, feelings, music, animals, etc. One day Jonas is selected as the new receiver which means that he gets all the memories from the past. And now everything changes. Jonas gets to know all feeling and colours and he wants to make all people share these memories. But that sounds easier than it is...Start reading the book and you will never want to end!"
"Jonas, a 12 year old boy, knows nothing about the horrors of the past. He lives in a world where there is no pain, hapiness, unemployement, or any other feeling. The town is considered perfect. Everybody lives the same life in the same way. He knows nothing of the choices he could have. That is, until he is assigned as the Receiver of Memory. When everyone turns twelve, they are assigned their life job until they turn old.In the ceremony, he was assigned the most important job there was. He was to know of the horrors of the past and of the joys. The Giver was to show him all of this. He then begins to learn the horrifying truth about his community."
"Holding the memories for an entire community is one big responsibility.  The happy memories like a birthday, and the tragedy of painful death on a forgotten battlefield.  The community calls the task an honor.  The truth is it is a crushing personal and professional chore resulting in pain and depression.  And so this ""honor"" is passed on to a twelve year old boy-child by a community that doesn't have a clue.Mass change of attitude becomes the only answer.  Just what that will take is the big question.  The answer and the ending may surprise you.I recommend you read this book.John Harlow, Cannon Falls, Minnesota"
"The Giver was, in my opinion, a very good book. It was easy to read and easy to understand. The story is about a boy named Jonas, and he lives in a community that is perfect- that is, there is no pain and no memory of any negative experiences. It is essentially a ""Sameness"" area where nothing changes. However, when Jonas turns twelve he is given a job in the community. That job involves the memory of all past events- good and bad. Jonas's life changes because he learns the truth about everything, whether he wants to or not.I would highly recommend this book to anyone. I found that I had a hard time putting it down...I had to know how it ended!"
"This book highly touches the modern world with its highly debatable questions on humanities' capacity for good and evil. It shows how even the advanced and future world is far from perfect with standards that a modern, high end society would count as possibly ""barbaric"" or ""in humane"". The book challenges the aspect of kindness or fairness even in the (what is imagined to be) perfect future world where every aspect of life is boring, routine and the same, poising the general question of: Is there really a difference between today's world and their world in terms of everybody's understanding of what is good and risk involving, or evil and perfect."
"I think that The Giver was a great book. It has great detail and makes you want to keep reading it until you're done with the book. If I were to compare this book to something it would probably be the movie ""Pleasantville."" The town that they live in is very predictable and boring. Everything in the town is planned out and scheduled. Even births are scheduled and couples register for a child. All of the people in the town except for the Receiver see everything in black and white. I could see this book turning into a movie in five years from now. If they did make it a movie I would definitely go and see it ten times. This is just a wonderful book."
"Lois Lowry's The Giver is a very interesting book.  It contains a culture that is different than any on earth in many ways. The descriptions Lowry employs to bring the different world to us are vivid and do place you right in the community with the people. Reading The Giver gave me a new perspective on the functions of society and how people live in it. If everyone read this book, would they see that every action they make is a statement that proclaims their precious individuality? Lowry's book is valuable as it warns people of something that would be horrific if it happened in our world, that many may consider to truly be an advance of humanity."
"I asked a middle school English teacher if she'd ever used this book a class novel. She said she'd love to do so, but didn't want the grief that would come with the protesting parents. I knew then I'd like the novel. What I didn't expect was to see other young adult novel ideas within its pages. This novel's copyright predates the books and films that I had swimming in my mind. If I was homeschooling I would definitely use this book because it would allow a great discussion of values and how societies organize themselves.  I did go ahead and read the other three books, but The Giver can stand alone and the readers can draw their own conclusions."
"I thought the book was very interesting. I like what you did at describing the ""community."" The way you didn't make it sound plain and ordinary. I also liked the way you used very discriptive words with this book, because it makes it more interesting.  I thought the ending was a little bit overwhelming, because of the hang off. You just left us there wondering what would and what could have happened to Jonas. ""The Giver"" needs a sequel though. It's hard to read a book not knowing the end and than you don't find out what happened.  Overall I thought the book was really great, just a few adjustments and it could have been better.-AMM"
"I really liked this book.(I read this book in a classroom) I have to admit that at first I was board with the book, but as time passed and i paid more attention to what the reader was reading, I got really into the book and i could really relate to what the author was trying to say in each chapter. I recommend this book to...well, everyone because it will leave you with many thoughts and will make you enjoy the world as it is, even with the major problems we face in everyday life. I was really touched by the main character's courage and his determination. He sets an example for us all. Please take my advise into consideration and read this book."
"The Giver is such a good book.  It talks about the perfect world in which a person's whole life would revolve only in their own community.  No one ever gets hurt, and everyone is in black and white.  This book describes  the Utopian world and how everything is just perfect.  However, there is  one person who sufffers it all---Jonas.  He is the only one who can feel  love, see color, have true feelings, etc.  It must be very devastating for  Jonas to be the only one out of his whole community.  I really enjoyed this  book and its creativity.  All in all, this book is excellent.  I read the  book in one day!  YOU HAVE TO READ I TO BELIEVE IT!!! =)"
The Giver written by Lois Lowry is very good. Jonas lives in a society where everyone is the same. A society where you get chosen to do a certain job. Jonas is chosen the greatest of all assignments. The Giver gives Jonas  memories that make Jonas go through hard times. This drives Jonas to leave  and find out what a real society is like. Lois Lowry's treatment of the  story keeps you on your feet. She makes you get involved with the  characters with her fantastic and unique way. I think this book is great  for kids of grades 5-9. This book is not only good for kids but is an  exellent book.I reccomend this book to anyone who loves great books.
"The Giver is a very good book that everyone should read. Everyone in the community can only see dull colors like grey, black, and white except for a select few. Jonas is one of them. Jonas can also receive memories. Jonas thinks that his community is perfect. Then when Jonas becomes the new receiver that all changes.  Jonas finds out that his community is far from perfect after he starts to receive memories from the Giver. So Jonas and the Giver come up with a plan to fix all of this. At the same time Gabriel is about to be released the next morning. This changes everything. Jonas then decides to take Gabriel and leave the community forever."
"I believe this book is a must-read for everybody.  The background information in the story is very thorough while managing to not be revealing.  By the end of the story pieces of the plot that may have initially seemed jagged fit together and leave you with a powerful message about the superiority of an imperfect world to a perfect one and the tendencies of human nature.  The unfolding of the plot was very well crafted as well as the the conclusion of the story and its illustration of the strength, courage, and humanity each of of us possess.  The result of these constituents is a superior piece of literature and a must-read book for everyone."
"She skipped me Jonas thought,stunned.Jonas is a 11 yea old boy, and the main character in Lowis Lowrey's The Giver.The story is about Jonas in his community of samness. there are no colors,everything is a dull gray. everyone is treated the same. And they are assigned family units! Talk about wierd! When Jonas is supposed to be assigned a job he is,insted selected to be the new Reciever of Memory. During his training with the Giver he experiences love, pain, anger, and hate for the first time. I really liked the Giver.Lowrey gives the reader the feeling that you are there watching everything happen. I highly recomend this book to children 9-13!"
"The book The Giver was a very good book.  Although it had many unanswered questions, I thought that it was interesting trying to think of what could have happened.  I also liked the fact that they kept on going back to the beginning of the book and connected everything together to make it a great story.Lois Lowry is a great author, and it is proven through this book.  She puts in the story a couple little lesons that could relate to an everyday situation even though this story obviously takes place in the future.Overall this book is superb.  I could not put this book down, and it is a short read too.  So it can be read in a day."
"All in all, this is a must read for all young adult readers. The plot is sophisticated and original, while still bringing the appeal to teens. This book brings up major questions about our society and the future that are very relevant to today's world. The characters are relatable enough and Lowry's writing makes every place come alive and seem real. The plot is really amazing too. My only problem would be that some parts were predictable, and some parts were extremely out of the box and creative (which was good). Over all, I really loved this short novel  (it ends on a cliffhanger, so you have to read the next book!!!). It's true a classic."
"I bought this book for a child because it was recommended by another child. I read it before sending it and found the vocabulary to be at about an 8th grade level. This is a good book for a child who's of above-average reading ability in grammar school, especially because the topic lends itself to more than one level of meaning; consequently, the child could re-read it in a couple of years and find a different level of connection with the story. I think that children would identify with the plot, i.e. the hero child, and the values the book teaches are of the ""Dr.Seuss"" variety. I plan on sending it to other children when they're old enough."
"I really enjoyed reading The Giver. I thought that there were new twists to the story with every chapter. As Jonas goes through his training and journey to new discoveries we learn as he learns, about the community and beyond. I thought that every detail of the community life and the citizens was well thought out. I liked the fact that the society had a Utopian shell and corrupt internal workings. It showed that people go throw great lengths to take away all of the hurt and pain but it also takes away so many of the joys of life that can become complicated. I liked the deeper meaning and the overall picture that the story lays out. I would definitely recommend it to anyone!"
"I would not say The Giver is for everybody, because it is too complex for some people. But, wow, anyone who is looking for a wonderful book- READ THIS! I first read it in third grade(now I am in sixth grade)- after I read  it I bought a copy and now read it at least twice a year. I think it is a  beautiful book- the characters are wonderful, especially Jonas's  ""parents"". The plot made me think more about what our future will  be like- will we try to eliminate all pain- all suffering- all differences-  and live in a world as horrifyingly perfect as Jonas's? Or will we end up  totally different? This is a greatly insightful book- and I highly, HIGHLY  recommend it."
"I was disappointed in this book. I found it to be somewhat juvenile in the way the story was laid out. It seems to be trying to bring up some interesting questions which might cause the reader to reconsider their views on life and society, but it misses the mark in doing so, in my opinion. I felt neither challenged nor intrigued by it. Also the conclusion of the book seemed listless and desperately wanting for direction. I did enjoy the first part of the book, up until just after the training began. After that, it seemed like the author lost interest in the story her/himself and it seemed to meander. I'm giving it three stars though because I did like the style of writing."
"The book was great.  Our grade 8 class read it, usually I find books boring to read, but in my perspective I found that I was really interested on the ways they did things.  This book was probably in the far future or it was on a different planet because nothing really made sense to be in our modern world or any kind of community in the past.  I think the end was really open for thought because the memories could've made him see or hear anything or maybe it was real and there was such places that were described in the memories and he had gone there.  It could've been the ending for a sequel to a next book, I'm not sure.  To say it again, I thought the book was !!EXELLENT!!"
"This book is amazingly thought out and intriguing. When my father gave me this book to read I could not stop. I was reading every moment I could.The book is about a corrupt community whose leaders think that they must remove the troubling things in life to be happy, but then therefore also removing all of the good and enjoyable things. One person has to make sure that those emotions (memories), don't come back to the people. The problem is that that person has grown up in this community with no emotion or memory. The end of the book allows the reader to imagine what THEY think will or should happen.This book is a must read and is my favorite book yet! :) :) :)"
"I saw the movie, with Jeff Bridges and Meryl Streep based on this book. I have not read the book as I am not much of a '""book reader"", that's why they make movies, I say. However, I bought the book for my daughter who is a book lover and she has been reading it since the holidays. Not that she takes long to read is that she gets involve in reading a series of books one after the one and she was already into another book when I gave her this one. Waiting for her to finish reading to watch movie together. which I thought was good in itself, with great acting from all, but mostly Jeff Bridges and Meryl Streep, but then again what else can you expect from them, right?"
"This Amazon Kindle book is a thinly veiled religious tale about the coming of Christ and his entrance into larger society.  I found that it was tedious and not highly imaginative in that the ""rules"" of people living in this existence were simple and one sided.  And as quasi science fiction it lacked developed  characters and an intelligent re-imagining of the alleged birth.  I would have preferred to see what Isaac Asimov might have done with a similar theme. Personally, I will probably not bother to see the movie version as often so much of a  book is lost to formatting and  reinterpretation into a movie. It seems as if the author has plans for sequels this being Book 1!"
"How would we react to a perfectly organized world? This story gives us a glimpse of what that would be like. We meet the characters and learn what moves them or what doesn't. At first we accept the world as it is, just like Jonas and his family. We wait to see a little deeper into this society and when we do, through Jonas' memory transfers, we see its grevious faults. We are rewarded by Jonas' heroism and his great sacrifice to reach something better.The reader is moved through the plot at a steady pace. Suspicion is built slowly as Jonas' crisis of conscience is revealed. We grieve with him and rejoice with him when he chooses his path. It is a very satisfying read."
"This book came on my radar because Ms. Lowry recently visited our community ( and this book is being made into a feature movie!) Since I do a reading program w/ my service dog at my local elementary school, I like to read some of the books my 4th and 5th graders do.  I can't believe none of my three 30 something children ever read this book when they were in school but I guess it was pretty controversial when it first came out. I found it very thought provoking w/ strong messages that young people need to hear today and have already recommended it to some of the children in my reading program as many of them have read Number the Stars to me and my dog - glad I bought it!"
"Jonas, a 12 year old boy, knows nothing of the horrors of the past.  He lives in a world of sameness, no colors, no pain, no weather.  He knows nothing of the choices he could have.  That is, until he is assigned as the Receiver of Memory.  All ""twelves"" are assigned a job at the annual ceremony.  He was assigned the most important job there was.  He was to know of the horrors of the past and of the joys.  The Giver was to show him all of this.This book is solid.  No complaints, no questions.  Lois Lowry has done a great job of filling in the details.  Take the time to read this book rather than reading it just to read it.  It is well worth anyone's time."
"I think that the book was all right.  It could have maybe been a little bit better.  I was interested the way that it went to all the memories, it went deep into detail.  Ex. The colors, sounds, smells, and fellings.  I wasn't really interested at first, but as I read on I just couldn't put the book down.  I would enjoy just sitting back and comparing mine and Jonas' world.  I think I would rather just stay here.  I couldn't have lived there because I love to be around animals, and they didn't even have dogs.  They didn't even know what animals were.  I would still recomend this book to someone else because it held most of my intrest."
I rented the audiocassette to take on an 8 hour car trip.  My husband and 11 year old son complained about having to listen to it--but were both saddened when it came to an end and wanted explanations!  My 13 year old daughter and I loved it.  I was so touched by Jonas strength and compassion for Gabe and I was so impressed by the ending of this story.  I like it when the author leaves part of the story for the reader to figure out and think about.  It is a sign of a good book if you have to actually go inside yourself for some of the answers.I thought about this book for days and was thorougly impressed with this newberry award winner.
"I read the book ""The Giver"" from Lois Lowry in my English lesson.The story tells from a community which is different from our. For example there are no colors, no feelings, no animals and you can not make your own decisions.I find this book very interesting, although I did not expect this when I read the beginning. However the longer I read this book, the less I could stop reading.It was very interesting to find out how Jonas gets all the memories and it was very exciting when he runs away from the community.However it is a pity that the book has an open end, because there are so many questions on which I got no answer."
"This book is about a 12 year-old kid who lives in a utpoiansociety.  It takes place in a backwater village where everyone isequal, all is black and white, and being different is a sin.  After being selected to be the next reciever of memories, he finds out what he is missing in his life and decides to leave the monotone civilization.  One good thing about the book is that it is theoretically possible for that setting to occur in a nearby epoch. The only downfall the book has is the ending; it leaves you hanging and I didn't enjoy the conclusion.  I highly recommend this book to anyone having trouble finding an interestingbook to read."
"This is a great and powerful book about an 11 year old boy named Jonas who lives in a strict comunnity, and is given the assighnment of RECIVER at age 12. As reciver, Jonas's job is to have memories of various things, good and bad, transfered into his his brain by a man called THE GIVER. Lois Lowry is very creative. When this book ends, you will be very sad, because there so many questions unanswered, and you just want to keep reading it, or if someone is reading it TO you, you will want to keep listening. The ending is differant depening on how you think about it. I rate it ages 9 and up. I think this is a wounderful book. Read it!"
"This book The Giver is the best book that I have read all this summer.  I'm in the 8th grade at Lainer Middle School, and are language arts class read this book. At first I was not so shure that this book would be good  but after we started to read it I just kept on wanting to read it and read  it.I gave this book A 5 star cause it's wort it .This book always keeps you  wondering what is going to happen next. There are also somethings in this  book that are just sick in some ways . There for you is my REVIEW on this  wonder full book The Giver... I wish that everyone would read this book it  well make you think about what you have ."
"I liked the simplicity of the story. I definitely felt like there was enough wiggle-room to let my imagination take over the story-telling, only slightly guided by the plot line.The world Lowry creates in this book is so thought provoking that I often found myself challenging my own reality - and challenging some of my own world-views.Of course, as literary fiction, the challenges I encountered were nothing extreme, rather, they helped me discover some new personal growth. The story helped me uncover some new aspects of self-awareness, and that experience is a refreshing feeling to have after reading a book."
"""The Giver"" has a lot to offer you. You have been afraid of other countries or cultures, but have you ever been afraid of a calm, quiet, well structured, safe place where citizens know no fear? Well, now I have feared such a place.I have been afraid of living without grandparents. Author Lois Lowry has given us this book to enjoy. But that was only a cover for the scary truths beneath the surface. So, I encourage you to read this with friends, no matter what age you are. You might discover a great diversity of meanings. And friends are good for comforting. Good discussions could follow. Enjoy!K Agle. 7-23-14"
"First, I an an eighth grader at deerpath middle school, in lake forest, Il. Our class read this book as a project. I am in the lowest level of L.A.(our district's name for english) and I am not a great writer or reader, but after I got past the first three chapters, I finished this book in a day. This is amazing for me, I am a relativly slow reader, yet this book is so in depth,I found it impossable to but it down (I finished it 10 minutes ago) I have alwys been interstes in si-fi/futeristic books. The giver isnt si-fi at all, but it shows the terrors of communism and blindness in a easy to understand, and hard to out down package."
"A touching, thought provoking story giving insight into life without choice and agency, free from pain and sorrow, yet at the same time, void of a true understanding of joy and love. This is a perfect picture of what life would be like had we all be forced to partake of Satan's plan in the pre-existence. Yes, there is pain, and there is sorrow, but if we did not taste the bitter, we could not know the sweet. We are made for larger ends than Earth can encompass. Let us be thankful for those luminous moments that jar us into a profound awareness to how much we have, how much we have escaped, and how much there is to be grateful for."
I really enjoyed the book and would most defectaly reasd it again! Id recamend this book to people becasue it really makes you think. Its a bvery good book to see everything different and similar about ou lifes and how the poeples lives are run in the books. And it teaches you so many different things. I liked this book because it made me always wanted to klnow what happend int he next chapter. Because I hadso many questions through the book and got them all answerd or most of them answerd by the end of the book...Because I knew and understood everyhting I wanted to. And I relized things that the book was trying to tell me.
"In the beginning of The Giver the book was boring to me.  It was sort of confusing which made me not want to read it anymore.  After I made it through the beginning, I entered into a place that kept me wondering about what was going to happen next.  This is a story of a boy who experiences incredible situations and makes it through the impossibles.  In this book The Giver by Lois Lowry, Jonas was one of the main characters.  He was chosen for something very special.  When his selection guides him to an unnamed man-the man only called the Giver-Joans begins to realize the secrets that underlie the soft perfection of his world."
"Jonas lives in a perfect world. No Pain, No Hunger. Nothing ever goes wrong. But something is missing... Jonas is shocked when he is not given an assignment like his peers. instead, he is selected to be the ""receiver"", a job that no one really knows much about. And as he works with The Giver, the missing parts of his life begin to fill in...A timeless classic for kids, The Giver will soon become one of your child's favorite books. As they become adults, the book's questions of free will apply to their growing freedoms and responsibilities. If they are like me, they will remember this book for years to come."
The Giver is a very interesting book. It tells about an imaginary world that seems so perfect. The further you read into the book the more you begin to relize that the world can and never will be perfect. It is a great book and it makes the younger and older readers think. My only problem with this book is the ending. It would have been better if she would have gone into more depth on what happened to the main character. I wouldn't won't to ruin the book for so I you so i won't say much more. If you want a book of fantasy this is the perfect book of the almost perfect world. I would recomend this book to just about anyone.
"I agree with this review because Dev Patel (the reviewer) says The Giver is a good book to read for adults and young adults.  She says the book makes you think and it points out the problems in a utopian society.  The government is always watching and the people are at one constant emotional level.  The book helps people understand what is to live in a perfect society, and why we dont.  In the community the people feel no pain or emotion, and when they do they have to take pills to stop them.  The Giver is a book for people who enjoy reading books that give you a new perspective.  I give the book afour out of five."
"This is an OK book. Seen the movie before the reading the book, thought it was OK to. Writing style and language is very simplistic, you can tell its written for young kids. This is a young adult dystopian novel set in a ideal society of benevolent tyranny. People take drugs to suppress emotions. The main character is a boy named Jonas, who is designated to become the receiver of memory for his community. He gets his memories from a enigmatic man named the Giver. I'm interested enough to read the rest of the books, their are 4 in the series. This is a quick read, less then 300 pages. Not great literature but a pleasant read."
"I honestly didn't want to read this book. Not because I knew about it and wasn't interested, but because it was for school. But once I started reading, I couldn't put it down. I think it's just the fact that their society isn't as free as most of ours (the people of reality) is intriguing. Different. It's what society could be instead of what it is; killing elderly and new borns for no reason, not being able to choose your spouse or children or their names, or even your own job. It's cruel. So just be thankful for what you have and I recommend this book to everyone who loves reading-even those who don't- all genres included."
"I read this book when I was 12 or 13 and I thought it was absolutely wonderful! This review may not be that helpful because I don't actually remember much of what happened in the story.  Its about a community living in a black and white world, a world without poverty, I guess looking back on it, it may have been a theoretical communist community gone too far.  Well, thats about all that I actually remember (oops!), but I would definately suggest it to anyone.  I remember it being a very interesting and easily readable book.  And I recommend it also to parents looking for a good book for their child (10 and up I would guess)."
I would rcomand the giver to almost anybody because it is a good book and I like it alot it is a very good book! It is one of the best books i've ever read. There  are some sad parts and some happy parts. This is the only book in class i've ever paid attention to.I only give it a four because some of the end didnt make sence because  it just leaves you hangin. I think  you can only read this book if you know how to understand it.Unless theres another part to this story then there was no point of writing most of this.So this is my review of the Giver! I hope you like the story if you evre get a chance to read.Wich you should!
"I think I like the book. It's an extraordinary story about a boy called Jonas who lives in an imaginary future world. One day he experiences what life really means and what makes it worth living, so Jonas makes an important decision with far-reaching consequences for the community and himself. When I read the first few pages I didn't even expect what direction the story may take. I thought it was a lovestory as Jonas seems to have an eye on his friend Fiona. Maybe it was a story about friendship or just a simple fantasy-story. I was really surprised and of course very excited when, step by step, the story was revealed to me."
"The Giver is personally one of my all time favorite books.  I'd suggest it for anybody who has a lot of patients and dosn't mind reading something you don't understand over and over until you do, or somebody who is an advanced reader.  The book makes me appreciate our world, even with it's flaws, like war.  In the book there is a perfect community without war, but when they took that out, they also took out color, music, weather, and even love.  It also makes me appreciate my right to choose.  Somewhere between the middle and the end of the book, my heart got crushed.  It's truly a beautiful book for almost anybody to read."
"I chose to read The Giver for a school project.  I finished it the day after I started it.  This is one of the best books I have ever read.  I had heard a lot of good things about it, but didn't know if it was all true.  I was happily surprised when I read it; it was as good as everyone said.I am not a huge fan of science-fiction novels, but I loved The Giver.  This novel really made me think.  It makes one think of what we take for granted, such as seeing in color and listening to music.  I would recommend this book to nearly anyone.  It is a classic story that should make a lasting impression on anyone who reads it."
"""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry is a very good book. It takes place in a very proper community with no color. Jonas who is just about to receive his job is a person who wants change in the community. When Jonas is selected to be the Receiver of memory (A very high honor) he has to learn from the Giver. Now that Jonas is able to see color see is to learn what no one else has.  In this book there are many good and bad points. Like at the beginning it is somewhat boring and dull. While at other times like at the end it is very exciting to read. All in All this is a great book and I would suggest it to anyone over 10."
"I read this book in sixth grade. We had three books to choose from and I chose The Giver because my teacher said it was the hardest to read and because I had heard of it before. I always try to stay on pace when reading  a book since we take quizes every once in awhile. But after the first few  chapters I gave up. I went ahead and finished the book. It is so shocking  and surprising. I now own the book and have read it many times, and my mom  has read it too. I am now in the proccess of getting my dad to read it. I  think this book is worthy of being made into a movie like The Outsiders,  Shiloh, and other children's books."
"Even though this book is written for early teen readers, the writing of Lois Lowry paints a deep and thought provoking picture.  The basic structure of this book is solid and well crafted.  Upon this foundation, Lois Lowry takes the reader into a world where we gain a true perspective of what it means to be alive, the true meaning of mortality, and the consequences of the choices we make.  I liken the themes to Kierkegaard's The Sickness Unto Death.  We only know the extent of our joy by the measure of our despairs.I recommend this book for readers of Ray Bradbury fiction and students of main stream philosophy."
"The book the giver has a very great meaning. In this book jonas the main character lives in a perfect world were everything is choosen by the elders, Jonas thinks his life is great until at the ceremony of 12 he is selcted the reciver The reciver recives memories from the past.. Jonas meets the giver(gives memories to jonas) Now that Jonas has experienced Love, family, war and hatred he has to chose between living in a world where people have no choices or where everyone has choices and you live a good life. Jonas dicision results in a very good ending. I would reccomend this book to everyone... because it is a GREAT book!"
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is about a community with no interest, no color, differences, no hatred, and the loss of freedom. Jonas, a 12 year old boy who has no jolt of excitment in his life becomes the reciver of memory, the memoey that shows him color, interest, and freedom. The Giver gives Jonas the memory of sunshine, light, and excitement. Gabriel, Jonas's brother, is just about to become ""released."" Jonas then realizes that he needs color, excitement, and freedom in his life, so Jonas takes Gabriel and runs away to a better place, a place where they can be free.  The Giver over all was an exciting book for all ages!"
"A psychologically terrifying book by Lois Lowry. I was addicted to this book and was never able to put it down for more than ten seconds. I read it in one day. It's about a community where there are no feelings, no color, no pain. Jonas, a young boy preparing for the Ceremony of Twelves. He is ""apprehensive"", as he puts it. He is given the task of being the Receiver of Memory, to be trained by an old man known only as the Giver. It also features a variety of secondary characters: Asher, Jonas' best friend and a confused malaprop: Fiona, a red-haired girl whom Jonas has a crush on; and Lily, Jonas' precocious little sister."
"I read this book a few years ago, and I still remember the impact it had on me. ""The Giver"" is wonderfully written, and has a good message to it.  It's one of those books that you finish, and the begin to look for  other books writen by the author.  I have read a couple of Lois Lowry, and  I think that she is a great author; I especially love her descriptive  technique of writing.  I would recommend this book to anyone who interested  in a good read.  Allthough almost any age could enjoy it, I think that  maybe 6th grade and up would appretiate it more.  This is a great book, and  I encourage everyone to read it!"
"The Giver by Lois Lowry was written for adolescents. Nevertheless, it leaves unanswered many serious questions: Was this imagined totalitalian village one of a kind? It envisions a  village where the population accepts total mind control. Their lives are about as interesting as those of cows in a CAFO. Who were the string-pullers? Who gained by the experiment? The protagonist finally reaches freedom by escaping from his totally controlled environment with another child who also has the ability of question.. Whether they escaped to death or a more normal civilization is left open. For an adult it was a brief waste of time."
"The first time I read this book I was in fourth grade, and most of of its meaning was lost on me. I have reread this book and a lot of connections were made that I simply was not mature enough to see before. At the ripe old age of nine, I simply did not understand the ideas of freedom and the ability to make choices. Now at 18, I see many of the ideas that went through Jonas' mind paralleled my own as I matured. The sense of individuality and freedom, which I now take for granted, were completely removed from the society Jonas was raised in, yet he found the ideas buried within him. It shows that the breaking away of a maturing child is archetypal in nature. And that, i believe, is the fundamental basis of this novel."
"The Giver is one of those books that you read in school and that stays with you for the rest of your life. The story is intriguing and memorable, with a setting that really sticks with you. In a world that is becoming increasingly focused on marketing and governmental control, I think this story is more significant now than when it was first released.I won't get too much into plot details for fear of ruining the story, but this is a great tale that asks the important question of how much happiness is really worth. If you had to cut out the extreme good in your life in order to eliminate the extreme bad, would you do it? This is a question that The Giver explores without forcing an answer down your throat."
"The book the Giver from Lois Lowry focuses on a community without feelings and how the feelings are brought back to the community. At the beginning I thought it was hard to understand the sense because the community is so different to our life. But the farer I read the more I understood. From that point on it was very interesting. I likek seeing how such a world would be, would work and that it even has some advantages to our world (which I hadn't expected at the beginning). The end came pretty fast but I liked that it is an open end and everybody can imagine his/her own end just the way he /she understood the book. Because of the different interpretations of the book it was interesting to see the opinions of others."
"I think that this story was very weird. It was exciting too. I liked it because in the beginning it makes you want to read more. It also confuses you. From one through five I rate it a four because it could of had a better ending. The ending was very boring and not exciting at all. I  thought that it was going to have a better ending. Other than the ending,  it was very cool. In some parts of the book it leaves you in suspense and  makes you want to read more. My favorite part was when Jonas is assigned  his assignment and goes for his training to the annex room. When he  receives pain and happiness. Also when he discovers things. This is my  review and opinion on the book called ""The Giver"" by: Lois Lowry."
"I personally like to read stories with more realistic qualities than the Giver, by Lois Lowery had to offer. However, if you were looking for some real fiction, this would be a good choice. This story is a very easy read about a boy growing up in a community of all `sameness' where members of the community have everything laid out for them such as their spouses, their children and their careers. Jonas, the main character, is given a big role in the community that is supposed to be an honor that only pushes Jonas away from his friends, family and community. Also, along with finding the story extremely unrealistic, I found it was still sad and almost depressing. Not a bad story for an open mind or a young child."
This is truly Lowry's best book. In this book Lowry captures your heart and soul. She makes you think about the things in life we take for granted and what you would do without them.She makes you realize that there is no perfect world. In this book there are very strong emotions and acts of bravery and love. This book has changed my life forever and I will always treasure the memory of reading it. I would recommend this book to any one who likes Lois Lowry's writing skills and who loves books that change your life. In the book there is a world with no pain or suffering and the people who live there are always protected. It sounds like a place you'd want to live but after you read it  you just might change your mind!
"I don't give reviews on most books unless I LOVE or HATE them. When I was done with this book I was just blah. I didn't care it was over, don't care to read the next. But it has been a couples weeks since I've finished so my review is :  It's an easy ready but I didn't like the ""story"" lol. Author never explained what led up to this ""way of life"" as in Hunger Games or Divergent so therefore I just felt 'WTF' are these people doing this for??? The whole idea of this ""giver"" and ""receiver"" just wasn't buyable to me...why??? how??? what's the point??? This is the one instance where I can say that the movie might be better than the book...i haven't seen it yet, but it can't be any worse."
"This book was interesting and enjoyable but the audio production was terrible. Don't listen to it; read it instead. First off, they used cheesy music on and off throughout the book, probably to make it dramatic or suspenseful but all it did was detract from the seriousness of the book. Also, the reader did not say the chapter numbers so moving back and forth between the audio and print book was very difficult. I think the chapter breaks were identified by the cheesy music. The reader was OK but not great. All this put together did not make for an enjoyable listening experience. The book is easy to read and rather predictable for a well-read adult, but this did not detract from the story and my ability to enjoy it."
"The book The Giver wasn't a very self explanatory story. You would have to read the book to get it. The main characters are Jonas, the giver, and Jonas's family unit. The story is located in a place called the community the conlict in the story is that jonas doesn't want to bbe there and he wants the community to change. The person who wrote this story is Lois loweryand she is  a good author. The society in thee book has cermonies and reward shows. Also they have they have naming of the babies and the 12 year olds get assigned an assignments when they are 12 The book is ok ; it doesn't really satisfy me I read the book in the fourth grade and now im reading it now which i am a freshman at P-Ville high school."
"It is thought to be a society of perfection, peace and comfort at first glance, but this so believed utopia of the culture cannot be bear by Jonas who is appointed to be the new receiver of the town. Until he learns the truth of this society, evilness and suffering cannot match those of joys.  Pain and sorrow triumphs society when little freedom of choice is neglected from the people. Before, he was never capable of understanding the truth of ""releasing"", now that he knows the truth he is determined to rebel and escape from the evilness of this society.  This book is a must read for all age over 12. If you enjoy reading this book, also consider reading ""Anthem by Ayn Rand""."""
"I love going back to read a book I haven't read since I was a child because like the author says in her speech ""the reader brings there own life into the book"" and it's interesting to see myself go from the overly optimistic kid who believes they make it and live happily there elsewhere to the perhaps more cynical adult where you realize they don't make but it's beautiful and sad at the same time.  it will be interesting to see what my interpretation of the book will be in another twenty years when I am in another stage of my life and my experiences alter my perceptions and I understand more of life and it's meaning to me"
"I think this was a wonderful book.  It takes all of your 5 senses and restricts them to a black and white cutout of the perfect world.  Then it takes that cutout and breaches it through the mind of Jonas and the Giver, making the discovery of color, smell, hearing, etc., as wonderful as it was the first time you learned it.  As Jonas learns everything for the first time, so do you, and you don't know what will happen next.  This book will take you on an everlasting thrill ride as you look into a world that has never been but could be, and how a world without freedom would look.  So, open your mind, and open this book! :-)"
"Jonas lives in a perfect society.  No pain, no color, and nolove. Jonas has to worry about turning twelve.  When he finally does,he is chosen to perform a specific role in his ""Community"". Jonas has been selected to be Receiver of Memory.  The Giver, the previous Receiver of Memory, has to pass on the memories of the whole world to Jonas. The Giver has enlightened me.  Lois Lowry has taken true life and has molded it with fiction, to create the greatest story about utopia that I have ever read.  She used descriptive characters and a great story line.  This story will most likely stay with me for long time."
"A well written story the words flowed so you were eager to read the next.  BUT, she has a well fleshed out opening to a novel but as a short story, which is what it truly is, the plot dries up quickly as it becomes extremely the ability predictable. It is almost as though their were 2 authors. From the excerpt  the next book in the Quartet seems as though it is of the same caliber of writing as the 1st part of ""The Giver""  but if the 2 books are connected other than they are alternate reality books it is not obvious and probably loosely. I was hoping for a true series instead of a set of open ended short stories."
"The Giver is an example of good literature. The Giver has a very surprising ending so many questions were left on answered. This book is very adventures, especially at the end when Jonas and Gabriel escape. They have to go through different climates and temperatures that they never experienced before. This book is scary at some points like when the plane fly's over. Jonas had to give Gabriel memories in order to survive. The book says."" He knew that they could not see color, and their flesh would not be seen, they used heat seeking, so he gave the memory of cold to Gabriel"" So in conclusion the Giver is good literature."
"This book is awesome and teaches you a lot of life lessons. I read it in summerschool and I could hardly put it down. So I read it before class goes over the book. It talked about futuristic Perfect world. No pains, no worries. Each people received certain role which is life long assiment from  the elders. Main character, Jonas is assigned as a reciever who recieved  all the memories the giver had. As Jonas get more and more memories, he  realized his society isn't perfect at all. Then he ran away to the  Elsewhere. As the story goes on though, I realized a world with no  difference and no choices is not perfect at all."
it was a good read. It was for my 6th grader and he loved it. He read it twice. Great
"The Giver was a good book. When Jonas became Receiver, and everything leading up to it, it was good.  Getting the memories-wonderful description.  The great escape- a wonderful plot thickening twist.  But when the ending  came, I was so dissapointed, I could have thrown up.  The ending left more  questions unanswered than Full Disclosure.  I hope that others can figure  out what happens in the ending better than I can, because I want the  satisfaction of closure over having to figure out (if it's possible) wha  happens to our main character."
"Lowry's book about the future is very fascinating,  because it shows very realistically what a future society  might be like. It is written very easy, so that someone like me, a stupid pupil from Germany, can easily understand it. The first part, in which the community is described, is a  little bit boring, but after chapter eight it is very impressive and  interesting. I can only recommend the book,which I read at school, because  it allows a completely different look at our society and shows what it  might be like in the time to come."
"I found The Giver to be an easy to understand book with a good story.  My only complaint is that it was too short.  I felt that the author did a great job of setting up the story and developing the setting, but the end seemed rushed.  This was the first book i bought on the kindle app on my phone and didn't know that i was at the end of the book.  I can accept an ending open for interpretation, but right when you get the full grasp of the society they live in there is a quick rush in the plot to throw a plan together for the main character and suddenly the book ends right when I felt that the story started to get good."
"The Book ""The Giver"" plays in the future. There is a community which is ruled by a Receiver and some elders who tells the inhabitants what to do. One of these inhabitants is Jonas who is selected to take over the most important job in the community. I didn't like the book very much because I don't like such unreal stories. I think the author wrote too much unrealistic things, for example I can't understand why the community has developed into what they are in the story. Many things that are part of over our lives were abolished (also all dangers) and I can't quite understand why...Metal Rulez !!!"
"The Giver is a fast paced thrilling adventure book. In this book Jonas, a twelve year old, is living in a black and white world, literally. No one has memories of anything. They just say""I love you"", without meaning it. In this community, war and conflict have been eliminated, at the cost of their individuality. All memory of the past is held by the Giver who keeps them in a giant library.  Jonas becomes a helper of the Giver. He and Jonas both collect memories and learn a lot about each other. Near the end Jonas escapes with his little brother Gabriel who was supposed to be sacrificed because he isn't perfect."
""" The Giver"" by Lois Lowry is a vrey unusual book. The main character, Jonas, is a very nervous boy.  His best friend, Asher, is a boy that is well behaved. Fiona,one more of Jonas's friends, is a smart and caring young women.  The Giver is the old Receiver, which Jonas is taking place for.  Jonas is apprehensive about becoming a ""Twelve.""  Becoming a ""Twelve"" is very important because you are assigned a job.  At the ceremony, Jonas's number(19)was skipped and he become worried.  But the Chief Elder only saved the best for last!  He became the Receiver of Memories"
"I loved this book! It kept me hooked for hours! Once I picked this book up I could not put it down. This book is fascinating with its different point of view and completely surreal content with its mixture of light and darkness with color. This story is in a black and white setting with one  boy that is given images of color and memories. There are different twists  and turns that surprised me and some parts made me upset, but I could not  put this book down! I had to see how the book ended and how it all worked  out. I highly recommend this book to people who want to read a strange but  great book. I loved it!"
"The book  starts off  the main character Jonas recaling a memory about a plane flying over the community and every one is scared from there he looks forword to receiving his job at the ceremony of 12 were they  dont say his name .............. REVIEW  This book was a little diffrent because there every thing was the same each `'family unit'' has 2 children 1 male 1 female and 2 parents , every house is the same .Each year they go up one year until they are 12 when they receive there assignments, sort of there jobs. I think this book  was very good, it was full of surprises . this book was very good read it!"
"Is ignorance bliss?  What would you do if  You were raised in a community that decided what you wear, think, play, eat, and work.  This short story by Lois Lowry puts insight of a young boy who has a special gift of learning and story memories for his community.My feelings for the book was mixed.  I enjoyed how the author described the characters and the surroundings; but, I was perplexed why she stopped so abruptly at the end.  It is not until I read her Newburry Award speech do I understand her thoughts behind it.  I am planning to read it again to read the subtle meanings I take into the story."
"The book overall was great. The Giver talks about a utopian society that aims for sameness. The receiver escapes and causes the memories he has received go back to the people. It is all good except that in the last chapter it is a terrible ending. The receiver is ending his journey and yet the author cuts it off with that he saw lights and remembered love. Then it all ends. No mention of how it was like to get to the houses or anything. Completely terrible ending. And the trilogy as described in wikipedia is loosley connected. In fact, not even the same main character is used in the next book, gathering blue."
"The Giver is about a youg boy named Jonas. In Jonas world every thing is perfect, you don't have to make any choices because the ruler of the city does that for you. When Jonas turns 12 he has to get his job, he gets chosen for the reciver. The reciver has to recive wonderful memorys of love and excitement but they have to also get memorys of hate and poverty. read this book to find out if Jonas can survive the memorys or if he desides to quit.  This book is great for all ages, at the time i am reading it to my 9-year-old sister and she seems to understade and like the book too.You should really read it."
"Jonas's world is perfect. He lives in a place where there is no crime and everybody is colorblind. They have ceremonies at the age of 12, where all children receive jobs.  Jonas gets the job of receiver. He gets to receive memories from the old receiver known to Jonas as ""The Giver.""  Then everything goes wrong. He gets to see how people are ""dismissed"" from the community, and he finds out his dad is a murderer. I liked this book because Jonas finds out how his life is about to change.  The memories he receives, both good and bad, help him through his journey.  I would recommend this book."
"This is a classic. It's hard to find good science fiction in juvenile fiction. The perfectly ordered world is not all that it seems. Jonas is tested with the knowledge gained as the Giver. He will learn of another kind of world - one with war, pain, love, color, etc. As a result, his relationships with his family and friends are altered. This is a terrific book club selection or class read as it invites discussion. What would our world be like without color or emotion? Could a world be ruled by order? The Giver is best suited to a little older, sophisticated reader - an advanced 10-year old up through adult."
"I thought the Giver was a great book. It has unique story. This is probably on of the best sci-fi books I have read. The book is about a boy named Jonas. Jonas lives in a ""perfect"" town. His town has no color, feelings or memories of snow, mountains, or anything like that. In the story Jonas gets picked to be a Reciever. He meets a man called the Giver. The Giver is a  man that holds all of the memories of color, feelings, etc. The Giver's job is to pass on the memories to Jonas. When Jonas finds out all of this new information, he wants to share it to the world. How will Jonas do it? You'll have to read."
"I read a book called The Giver this summer.It was a fantastic novel.The Giver was based on a young boy who had the assignment of the receiver of memories. When he receives all the memories, he becomes the Giver. Then  when a new receiver of memories gets chosen, the Giver gives the receiver  his memories. Then it goes on and on and on. My favorite character was  Jonas and I also liked Gabriel. Jonas was nice , sweet, and everybody liked  him. Jonas liked everybody,too. He especially liked Fiona.I like Jonas.I  think the book was kinda weird when I started reading it. When I finished  it I thought it was wonderful."
"As I came upon the book ""the Giver"", I was a little reluctant to read a grade level 7 book, I decided to anyhow.I was utterly surprised at how much the book exceded my expectations.  I found it to be,as I put above,a wonderfully written book.I loved every page of it.  Although the vocabulary was limited,I still found to be intellectually stimulating and easy to follow.  For me the ending was confusing but I liked it anyhow.For me Jonas didn't die but had one of his wonderful "" memories"".  For those of reading this I know you have probably read the book many times,I urge you to read it again."
"What a very strange book. I truthfully don't know if I like it or not. There is no formal ending. The society that is described in the book seems disturbing, especially the putting to death those not fit for their society, old and young alike. To me, it seems like genocide. I was looking forward to reading this book because it was suggested to me, however, it would not have bothered me at all if I hadn't read it. I think the author spends a great deal of time both in the introduction and the final remarks seems to feel she almost had to defend the book. I truly do not recommend this book - it is irrelevant to me."
"THE GIVER is one of those books that are in their own category. It's a fantastic book filled with suspense, mystery and deception. THE GIVER takes you into the life of a boy named Jonas who lives in a 'perfect' society which, evidently, is anything but perfect. It starts out when Jonas is chosen for a special job. Afterwards he discovers the truth about his town and his family. Jonas expieriances different feelings for the first time and he while some he enjoy, others he hate. If you want to read a really great book that is unlike any other book you have read before, then do yourselfe a favor and read THE GIVER!!"
"This book is called The Giver. Lois Lowry wroted this book. she won the Newbery Award in 1994 for this book.This story takes place in another world that is kind of like ours.The community has rules and ceremony with are jobs or services for birth's, age's,and release's.This one kid Jonas, was excited to know what his ceremony was.He had got the most important job that the elder picked.He went to training and they gave him memories of when they live on another world. He could not share any imfromation. while being the Griver Jonas learnd terrible secrets. He wanted to stop this way of living by telling the people."
"We are reading the Giver for school. There was a lapse of time where we stopped and I was in so much suspence I had to check the book out from the library. This is one of the best books I've ever read. In comment to the  one-star review, this book is very confusing at the beginning and leaves  many ends open. But that is a good thing because it really makes you think.  There are a lot of shocking surprises in this Utopian community. I  recommend this book to anyone that is at least in 8th grade and who really  likes to think about what they read. I finished this book stunned. One  piece of advise: read this book!"
"Jonah lives in a perfect world: no pain, no war, no fear. Everyone has a role in the Community, and everyone lives in harmony. Every year, a rite of passage assigns 12-year-olds to training for their future jobs in the Community. At the ritual, however, Jonas' name is passed by. He is singled out instead to become an apprentice to the Giver, the man who holds all of the Community's memories and history. As Jonas learns the truth, however, his world will never be the same again.A complex look at uniformity and bypassing truths for convenience, this is a must read for the Middle grade or Junior High student."
"I read a lot of young adult books growing up, and I couldn't tell you the names to more than half of them any longer, but The Giver is one of those books that I distinctly and vividly remember to this day.  It was one of the first exposures I had to a dystopian society, and made a lasting impression on me.  Some of the situations are disturbing - I remember getting nauseous when learning about the main character's father's real job within the society.  But this was a wonderful book that shocked me and made me think critically, whereas most of the other books in the genre were merely mind fluff, or TV in writing."
"If you like really interesting books, you should try reading The Giver by Lois Lowry. I did, and I liked it. It is about the distant future when everything is colorless and the same. The main character?s name is Jonas who was selected to be Receiver of Memory. The Receiver of Memory?s job is to receive memories of pain, sadness, and agony so the people don?t have to experience them. But he also receives memories of colors, happiness, and joy so the people will have no feelings and all be the same. I recommend this book to everyone over 10. Even though this book starts out weird, keep reading. It gets better."
"The book was okay in my opinion because of some following reasons. This book have excellent themes and potential by Lois Lowry. It offers some interesting views of what would happen if your abilities and rights to make  choices were taken away in favor of more secure environment. However, there  were few problems with the plot such as the ending not really tying up all  of the book's storyline. Lois could have written much more extensively,  especially what happens after the incident near the end of book. (I'm not  going to spoil the plot...) Overally, the book was one of enjoyable reading  experience I had."
"This is a beautiful literary wonder. A quick, juvenile read, you power through the pages soaking in the world, and wanting more from the author. Then in a matter of pages, tears and feels and an emotional torrent. If you're looking for denouement, resolution, anything but pain, this isn't the book for you. Too short, too scarring--I really can't get over that my 8th grader read this before me, as required reading. I'm hoping his teacher put a better spin on this writing than I could, as I reasoned it all out in the end. The authors of today set much higher standards. This read certainly misses today's mark."
"I would give The Giver by Lois Lowry a 4 out of 5 stars. I have read The Giver once when I was in 7th grade and now in 11th grade. Both times I have read the book I have really enjoyed it and was sucked right in. It is a good book, but I personally hate the ending. I understand that the ending is supposed to be a cliff hanger and you are suppose to interpret the ending yourself and it allows you think up what happened to Jonas. The problem with that for me is that I want more of a clear ending. Even though I did not like the ending that much I would still recommend the book. It is still a really good book."
"The Giver is a timeless, deeply powerful, brilliant novel that explores safety, risk, individuality, the common good, love and loss and sheds light on all of it while providing enormous fodder for the reader to develop his or her own thoughts on these issues. It's a favorite in schools with good reason - it is well written, tightly plotted, fast paced, and just ambiguous enough to leave kids lots of room to consider their own views on the characters and their decisions. I strongly recommend that all parents read this book and discuss it with your kids. It will be an enlightening experience for both of you."
"""The Giver"" is about a boy named Jonas who lives in the future.  This exciting novel displays his courage and determination.  This book was excellent, and on a scale of one to ten, it would be an eleven.  I thought  that the setting added to its splendor and attraction.  I also believed  this book was a thrilling novel because of its pace.  One thing set off  another and it didn't stop until the end of the book, just like dominoes.  I would recommend this book to anyone who likes non-stop thrill.  But  beware: this book of magnanimous enticement will stay in your hands until  the very last word."
"This story begins with a young boy in a setting that feels alien and as it continues, it draws the reader into a science fiction type of world. Just when you begin to grow interested - wondering if it is inter-dimensional, in the future, or maybe on another planet, it ends suddenly in a way that left me wondering where it really took place and the protagonist seemed to come to a screeching halt in his story. I wanted to know more and the ending left me puzzled. Otherwise, for the most part, it was well-constructed. I would like to have seen a more defined ending. Maybe he walked back into an earlier time?"
"I discovered The Giver when I studied it for an adolescent lit class, but the message is subtle enough that an adult perspective is needed for full appreciation. At first the reader believes he is in a perfect world, but gradually awareness comes that something is very wrong. The serious thematic elements like euthanasia and infanticide are handled in a non-gratuitous manner. I made my husband read it, and he has since recommended it to friends. (The author had a specific sinister historical period in mind when she wrote it, but doesn't directly allude to it in the book. See if you can figure it out.)"
"Everything in this book left me wanting more answers...right down to the very last page.  The ideas in the book were so disturbing to me, I found myself anxious the entire time I was reading it.  It is not a book that left me happy and content.  But, I find myself contemplating its ideas several days after I have completed reading it.  And, I expect it will follow me for many days, weeks, months and years to come.  I wouldn't recommend bringing it to read over an intended relaxing vacation!  I would recommend turning to this book during times of contemplation of life, society, and our place in the world."
"WOW! I couldn't put this book down! When I was finished reading it, I was flipping the back pages, begging it to tell me more!!I have to know more about Jonas and Gabe!!I actually got on here to see if there's another book and YES there are two more, thank you! thank you!This is a story about what life would be like if it were perfect, I guess you could say. Everything is controlled and decided for you, to make your life the best for you and everyone else in your community.. but, is it really the best?This was so interesting and emotional for me, I will definetly be reading the next two!"
"This book ""The Giver"" was a weird but interesting book. It was mainly about a boy named Jonas who lives in a society with no feelings, inequalities, hunger, and pain. Each member of the society is given their future occupation at the age of only twelve. Jonas is very scared for his Ceremony of Twelve. He ends up becoming the reciever of memory. By working with the Giver Jonas realizes the truth about his society and what everyone is missing out on. The ending of The Giver is very interesting, it was not what i had expected to happen. I don't want to ruin it for anyone, so just read the book to find out!!"
"The book I am writing about is named ""The Giver"". It is about a boy named Jonas, living in a Utopian world. This book is a good book because it is a different and weird community. This is a different community because they only celebrate your b-day up to 12 years, and the Elders pick your job for you. Jonas'  community has bikes and no cars. When Jonas turns 12, he receives the job called the Receiver of Memory. After he gets it h wants to change the community. I think you should read this book because you get to read about a community that has weird rules and it is kind of a weird community."
"When I read the book as a child it sparked my imagination.  As an adult I was very surprised to find a whole new meaning hidden that I never seen before. As a child I remember a boy who began seeing things as we would. In his community people seen things in ""black and white"". They also were assigned jobs instead of being able to choose what they wanted.  I recently found there are many schools that have banned this book from their libraries...what a shame.  I don't think any book should ever be banned. Maybe not required reading but never banned.  Anyways worth every penny time and time again!"
"I am not going to join the masses about what an amazing book this is.  I think it is a good book, and definitely a powerful read for children since it introduces some thought provoking questions and makes some very pertinent points about individuality, the balance of pain and pleasure, and other such topics.  But I was not amazed by the book.The story lacks a certain depth that I'm accustomed to, which is likely attributed to the fact that it is a children's book.  I'd give it five stars for being a great read *as a child's book*.  From an adult perspective, it's probably more of a three star book."
"As we read this book, we preceeded to critique and analyze every chapter, page and every line. It was through doing this that we came to the conclusion that this book is too simple for our mature minds.  We believe this is an appropriate book for younger children, ages ranging from 10 - 14.  High schoolers tend to think more profound and educated thoughts and this book was not realistic in terms of a teenager's state of mind.  We believe this is  a good sci-fi book, but in our class room atmosphere, we analyzed it when it should not have been analyzed.  It should be read and enjoyed and not critiqued"
"""You never know what you have until it's gone"", is the best way to sum up this book. In a perfect society where everything is planned out to the smallest detail there is very little room for change. This book shows how well a planned out society could work. There would be no one homeless, starving, or underprivileged. Everyone would live comfortably but they also would have to give up certain details of their everyday life. Something as simple as color could make a world of difference. The Giver was a wonderfully thought out book that helped to show that nothing can be perfect, at least not forever."
"I really enjoyed this book.  I felt extremly close to Jonas.  I would have also been scared of what would happen, but I would made his same choice.  When I first read this book, I thought it was very boring.  I was in 5th grade and I was bored by the fact someone would even think of writing a book like this.  Now I'm in 7th grade and I can understnd this book much better.  It is weird to think of how the world would be through eyes that can't see color.  You don't know what love is and everything is the same.  I really loved this book!  Great job, Lois!!!Catlyn Caldart----Redmond Junior High School"
"Imagine a world with no poverty, pain, feelings, memories, or happiness.  This is that book.  The Giver is an amazing and wonderful book to read.  Lois Lowry makes you think in this book about the characters, the plot, and the strangeness of the way that the community lives.  There are many suprises in this book that will amuse and amaze you.  Lois Lowry tries to influence many morals in her book.  In my opinion, this book was very amazing and made me think all the time.  If you like to think and like a sense of mystery and amusement, then I totally recommend reading Lois Lowry's work of The Giver."
"I found this book a very enlightening one.  It was thinking in a different way than normal and I liked that.  The Giver helped me see things in a different perspective.  The way he was selected to be the next ""receiver"" was odd to me.  The whole concept of not being an individual not being able to choose anything not being able to see color even made me feel sad for them.  It was wrote in such an interesting manner that I didn't want to put the book down.  I finished it in just a few hours and after I was done I wanted it to be longer so I could find out more about this weird way of living.E.C."
"This book is everything I hoped for & more. It was equally riveting for me & my ten yr old daughter. Just wow. It is beautiful & heartbreaking & also is such a symbolic story (for me) of the world we see vs. the spiritual world around us. Also the power of emotions & the dangers of wanting to feel no pain or heartache & how without great sorrow, we cannot experience great joy. I LOVED this book. The ending wasn't my ten yr old's favorite...it kind of leaves the reader to figure some things out. I think the movie will be amazing but probably not as good as the book. They seldom top the book for us."
"This is a solid good book. Not great and not terrible, just good. It's a Utopian story like 1984, but for a younger audience. Both books warn us about utopias and teach that an 'imperfect' society is better than a 'perfect one. Without freedom and choice, life's not worth living.This book also manages to be very original in its ideas. I find the idea of one person carrying memories of the old world amazing. Middle schoolers will like this too, which I guess is prbably why they assign this in middle schools.Basically, it's a good book with neet ideas and exellent morals."
"I loved this book. It really hit home. It made me think,deeply, thoughtfully. And it made me wonder,not about just anything,but just wonder. Wonder about why things would happen,or what was going to happen next. I couldn't put down. This book is a mind opener, heart opener. It may make you put it down, or it could make you read it untill your done. It grabbed me and held on till the last word.  I would recomend this book to anyone. This is a great book. And the ending, well you'll have to find that out yourself. It's your opinion. The meaning is visible to those who read it. Your choice."
"I thought this was a very interesting book.  This is a type of book where the author took a chance, like for instance some people will like this book and some people will hate the book.  Well this is a great book for people with an imagination, because the book will seem to expand in the scenery and it is a very creative book.  This was a well made book, because everything was well discribed like charectars and their charectaristics. I liked this book because it was creative and entertaning in a way that their cultures work. Overall this was a great book that would take time and charectar to make."
"Hello, I find the book is a very good english-written book. You can read it very simple and you understand it. It is not like a few other english books, which you can read, but you didn't understand them, because they are not written as straight forwardly.And it is a theme which can be reallity in some hundret years.I like it to read, but it'is too short.When you have read it you would that it will go on,so you are longer in this great fantastic world in Jonas. In the one who is chosen to be the first in this little state. It was much fun to read it and I would read more such books like the Giver."
"I think that Lois Lowrys ""the Giver"" should be read by everyone. She describes the new world exactly and you can imagine everything. You get  many information about Jonas, the main character of this book, and his life  in that community, his problems etc. I dislike the beginning of this book,  because it is boring but don't give up. later it becomes more and more  exciting and you can't stop reading, until you reach the last page. This  book is written in an easy language and because of this it is easy to  understand, even for younger people. It was a great experience to read this  book."
"The Giver is a story by Lois Lowry with the setting in the future where there are places called communities. Those are towns where everything is set so there are no choices for them to choose to avoid anything bad like  fights. The meals are given to you for free in the right amounts (probably  so you don't get fat). If you make a mistake there's a procedure to go  through every single time, and you don't even get to choose your own job. A  committee called the Elders chooses everything for the people in the  communities. A speaker system announces everything to everyone throughout  the community."
"I can see why this is a popular book for Young Adult readers. We read it for book club, but all seemed to have the same conclusion: good read for the young adult crowd, but perhaps less so for the adults? That said, we ended up having quite a lively discussion on issues that cropped up because of the book, so from that standpoint, it makes for good discussions. Of the book club participants, half wanted to read the next books in the series, while others weren't tempted. What we all especially appreciated was the way the book brings up 'existential' issues in a user-friendly way for young adults."
The Giver is my second favorite book next to The Secret Garded Lois Lowry really must have an extremely large imagination to be able to put together a story so complex and amusing as this one I like it that i can relate to some of the things Jonah is recieving like snow it's fun until you get hurt. This is a must read for all middle school students even adults can enjoy this heart-warming tale of life in a perfect world. It really makes you think about how boring it would be if there was no color or no pain whatsoever.  You should really get your hands on it so you can enjoy it as much as i did.
"The Giver by Lois Lowry was a great science fiction novel wonderfully written. The language and symbolizim that was used made the book even more compelling, and the way she contradicted herself in some instances. The book also made you think if even some of the thing s she discribed in her book were even feasible. The ending made the you think about lots of things and what they ment, the clifhanger at the end left a lot of things unclear but my general opinion was I loved it. The Giver was a book that could grab your interests and leave you guessing I think that everybody should read this book ."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry was a great science fiction novel wonderfully written. The language and symbolizim that was used made the book even more compelling, and the way she contradicted herself in some instances. The book also made you think if even some of the things she discribed in her book were even feasible. The ending made the you think about lots of things and what they ment, the clifhanger at the end left a lot of things unclear but my general opinion was I loved it. The Giver was a book that could grab your interests and leave you guessing ,I think that everybody should read this book ."
"As a teacher, I am always looking for books that will make my students want to read.  The Giver has never failed me.  This book should be read aloud with younger students (4th & 5th grade) so that some of the issues can be discussed together.  The reaction that I get from this novel is always enthusiastic.  Students bring to this book their own experiences and knowledge.  They become very opinionated by the end and everyone has their own version of ""how it ended"".  One of my very favorite, so much so that I hope Lois Lowery writes a sequel. ( And maybe a movie to go along with it!)"
"This book was really good and taught a lot of lessons, but not a book I would read and read again. To me it is a one, maybe two, time read. It keeps you wanting to read, but there are not cliff hangers on the end of most chapters. Jonas learns many things along his journey and fights for what he believes in to help the others of his community. He wants to be different, not the same as everyone else, and wishes everyone else could, too. Jonas longs for true feelings and individuality, though he can not completely solve this on his own. I enjoyed reading this book and encourage others to read it."
"Echoing the warnings of a not-so-distant future that have been laid before her by Bradbury, Huxley and Orwell, Lois Lowery provides a glimpse of a frightening future.  There is no burning of the books here--they are just hidden.  There is no forced mating--children are birthed, then given to a set of parents--who didn't have the ability to have the children, or even chose their spouse.  Without giving too much away, this book is a look at a future in which people do not have past memories, do not think for themselves, and live in ""Communities"" in which every aspect of their lives are regulated."
"The 3 book series beginning with ""The Giver"" was a captivating fiction of a bleak look at the near future on Earth. The civilization has become a one dimensional society where there is no freedom of choice. From birth, each person is given to a foster family and later, assigned to work in different jobs by the governing body. Only one child is chosen to replace the present Giver, who has the ability to have to see beyond. It's a wild ride of twists and turns with many surprises in store for the reader. I couldn't wait to read the 2nd and 3rd books to see what happens next! What a ride!"
"I was not a huge fan of this book even though everyone else seemed to really like it and be blown away by its concept. I didn't think the concept was that amazing. But I did like the main character and his different-ness, and his relationship with his mentor. I also wasn't a huge fan of the ending. It seemed a lot less a character book and more of a concept book, and I prefer this author's character-oriented work. But her character-oriented work doesn't seem to have gotten the attention of the Newbery Awards, so I guess different standards apply depending on what you value in literature. . . ."
"Lowry writes in the novel The Giver an interesting style about a way of life that is totally different from ours. Jonas is a boy who lives in a community of sameness. In the beginning everything seems to be perfect, but then you got the information that there are rules for everything you can imagine and everything is controlled by the elders. After he is chosen to be the new receiver, he gets memories of beautiful things. Now he sees that it is not fair that he is the only one who is able to have them. Now you can see that the life in the community isnt as perfect as it seems to be before."
"I read a review of this book in the Wall Street Journal and thought it miight be a good read, boy was I ever right. Lois Lowry is a polished writer about  people from different life styles and cultures. The Giver was very, very well written, and pardon the cliche a page turner from the first to last page. It gave me much food for thought. I asked my 17-year old grandson if he had ever read the book? He told me that he read it injunior high and thoroughly enjoyed it. I highly recommend this book for teens and adults. Would be to the readers benifit to read this before viewing the movie."
"This is by far one of the best books I've read. Although I wish it could be longer, it still told a great story. I can't definitely see why people say they are afraid of this book. This book really messes with you and your thoughts. It really makes you stop a think about what life you are living now and how you would feel with out every little detail that makes ""living"" worth it. So without a doubt, this book has a good reason for a gold metal on its cover. I highly recommend this book to anyone that isn't scared of things happening that we don't want happening (unless you don't have a soul)"
"The main character in this book is a 12-year-old boy named Jonas.  He lives in a community that knows no feelings, color, illness, poverty...in other words, they all live in a perfect community!  In this community, everything is chosen for everyone.  The indivuals cannot even choose their own destination!  Jonas' destination of Receiver of Memories is chosen for him on his 12th birthday.  There is only one Receiver of Memory in the community.  His job as Receiver of Memory is to retain memories.  You'll understand what is meant by that once you have read the book.  This is an excellent book!"
"Lois Lowry's novel, The Giver, plants readers inside a utopian (or dystopian?) society that is difficult to comprehend.  Jonas's job as Receiver of Memories shows the young man everything his community has given up in order to be free from pain and differences.  Realizing that so much joy was sacrificed along with the pain, Jonas and the Giver of Memories collaborate to bring real emotions back to the community.  This book really made me grateful that I have agency and can make my own decisions, and it also made me thankful for real feelings of happiness -- things we really take for granted."
"I purchased this book when I realized it would be a major motion picture released this year.  It was a quick and enjoyable read.  Yes, there was a disturbing element to it, but the theme was engaging.  It's a post-apocalyptic book, and as such, I could certainly apply some warnings to society today.*spoiler?*Yes, the ending is abrupt, and reading the afterward helps explain why.  Believe whatever is most meaningful to you.  I couldn't help but wish she'd seen fit to clarify the ending and set up for sequels, but I can also see why the message is better in its current form."
"The novel""The Giver"" is about a boy name Jonas, who lived in a community where everything is perfect there. In the community, there are very strict rules that everyone has to follow them. Then, the Elders of the committee choose Jonas to be the person responsible for receiving and keeping all the memories of the past, and it is a huge task for Jonas. So when Jonas found out that there is something bad in the community, he ran away with his brother. Jonas and his little brother lived in the forest, till he saw a town. Jonas and his little brother lived in the town and stayed there."
"Enough people have written reviews about the book itself, so I will not repeat their opinions except to say that it was fabulous!!! I just ordered the second book in the trilogy too.My motivation for writing a review is that another reviewer commented that the Kindle version is flawed with a black page for the last page. I downloaded the book tonight and the current version seems to be fine. The last page is very dark and almost unreadable - but it is the back cover of the book, not the last page of the text. So fear not and order the Kindle version if that's what was holding you back!"
"When Jonas leaves with Gabriel, and looses most of his memories, he then feels and experiences the same memories he got from the Giver.  He really hasn't lost anything. Instead, he finally understands what the memories mean. After he has lost the memory of snow, a sled and a hill, he experiences it and then the memory can stay with him (Jonas) and Gabe (Gabriel) for life , and the same thing with the music.  Also when he takes Gabe (Gariel) with him, he is understanding the true and real meaning of love, unlike the community, who can't experience love because they don't know what love is."
"Although I enjoyed the book, I had higher hopes for it.I have read Lowry before, and as always, the writing is excellent. For this reason, I give it a 3.5. The reason I don't rate it higher, is because...well...it didn't really pull me in emotionally, as a reader. I wasn't drawn back to it and found that I had to push myself to continue reading, because I never got to the point where I really cared about the characters.Without giving any spoilers, I realize that this may be because of the rather emotionless setting, so I plan on reading the next book in the series."
"The setting is in a community where there is absolutely no choices. Sameness in the day to day living, where nothing changes, choices are made for everyone. There is no color, love, music,pain,sadness....All feeling is imposed by rules that are created by a group. Everything is in order; everything is under control. The people have no worries or cares. But Jonas a young man ""twelve""was give the honor of being given the job keeper of memories. The Giver is the person responsible for transferring the memories of time, before time, before time. You must read the book to discover the outcome."
"Aside from ""The Giver"" being an amazing read by means of entertainment, I was fascinated with the fact that it truly is a book for all ages.  When I first read this book in 6th grade for school, I thoroughly enjoyed the basic storyline and theme of the story.  I was old enough to decipher the main idea of the novel.  Now, a junior in high school, I was able to appreciate and enjoy so much more while reading ""The Giver"" for the second time.  The apparent importance of emotions, individualism, memories and even the gift of sight was revealed.  I definitely recommend this book to everyone!"
"As I received The Giver I expected another book like all the others that were required for school- boring and useless. Over this christmas break we were told to read the first 10 chapters and even though I'm a person who loves books I reluctantly picked up the giver on friday night, the first night of our break. Surprisanly, after the first few chapters, I could not put it down, and even though my teacher asked us not to read any further, I finished the entire book in one sitting, as I was too absorbed in it to put it down. The Giver teaches life lessons that are sure to grap your heart."
"I first read this book in 7th grade when my sister had to read it for school shetold me that it was a great book so I read it and agreed with her. Then my mom read it and thought it was good also. Now I am going to be a Freshman and the school assigned it for English 2 to read in the summer!! I was so happy when it was on the list I read it again in a day!! And then I read it AGAIN because it is a great book!! I could not put this book done, I had to know what was going to happen next!!! I think that I am going to read another one of Lois Lowry's books!! I hope it is as good as THE GIVER"
"I was really surprised by how deep this book goes. This is another book I bought for my 6th grade guys who need the audio of the book to help them gain the comprehension of the story. I listened to it from my house to school (20 minute drive) and I didn't ever want to get out of my car!! The themes in this story are really moral and deep, kind of a bit much for younger students. This would be a good book for an older more experienced reader, even though the reading level is somewhat low, the tones and the morals in it are somewhat out there for the reading level. It will make you think."
"""He killed it! My father killed it!"" This is a quote said by the main character, Jonas, and is one of the many quotes that keep you hooked on this book.I liked this book for many reasons. It made me realize how great my daily life is compared to those in the book. Wouldn't that be hard to live in a place and you know nothing about it? I found it a little strange that they had no  individuality and at Ceremony, each child got the smae thing to resemble their age. Everyone is sort of trapped in this little Community they call home. In these ways, I enjoyed the book The Giver"
"""The Giver"" was a very enjoyable book because it has good lessons on how families should spend time together and how children should be taught to be resopsiable.  The ceremonies were important events in  the Giver. Children one though twelves are recognized at annaual  celebrations. At the age of eight children receive a new jacket with small  buttons and the first pocket . This teaches children to keep up with their  belongons. they also receive  volunteer hours. They must be responsiable in  order to do volunteer. I think it is a good idea to teach children  responsibility."
"This is a strange book because it takes place in the future. They have all sorts of wierd rules on hair ribbons and bikes and they even have a special term called ""release"" for people who don't  fit in with the other community people. A release is when they kill the person. But I shouldn't give the book away!!!! I am reading the Giver for a grade six assigned book. The other assigned books I have reviewed are as followed: Bridge to Terabithia; The Cay; Sounder {I think I reviewed it!} and others. So you can read my point of view from a sixth grader who has to read these books."
"The ending of this book was lame. It just sort of ends.. it is a very fast read and a good book until about the last 30 pages. Its like the author just didn't feel like writing anymore. There are additional books in the series so I am interested to see if the next 3 books end the same way or give some sort of justice to why it ended in such a manner. I'm definitely glad I didn't read this book right when it came out in 1993, because the second didn't come out until  2000. Bottom line: Great concept, intriguing and mysterious throughout. Don't expect a grand finale just yet."
"I think that The Giver, by Lois Lowry was a very good book. It showed society through the eyes of an adolescent boy who felt different from everybody else. This novel is particularly well-written in that it shows if someone feels different from society, they do not have to try to change. In The Giver, Jonas does not agree with the rest of society's views, and that is okay. Jonas does not change his personal morals and opinion, which takes great strength but is shown to be worth it in the end. Staying true to one's own beliefs is a very important lesson that is taught through this book."
My 14 year old son had to read this book for his English ELA class.  Great read!
"The book is a lot better than I thought it would be.  It's was required reading for my 6th graders and I read everything they do.  One son donated his personal copy to the next year's class, but liked it so much I ordered another one.  Great price and with Prime I got it in 2 days. Good option since the local libraries only have a limited quantity and all the middle schools are using it.  For under $6 we had ordered 4 (I have twins) so that we could donate the extra's to the class room.  The movie comes out in a couple of weeks so we're excited to see how well it compares to the book."
"I really enjoyed Lois Lowry's book the Giver because it really made you think. The way a boy could go through life this way makes you want to keep reading it again and again. I liked hearing about the way the community lived and how great it seemed, then you realize what that means. Twelve year old Jonas has been given a special job for life. He has a position that is different from other kids. He begins to see the way life used to be. The Giver helps him through this, showing him what a different world he lives in. The Giver is a great book and I can see why it won the Newbery Award."
"I am currently reading the book ""The Giver"" by, Lois Lowry. I started it not too long ago, and I cant seem to put it down! It's definately a book that I would recommend to someone who enjoys reading about excitement, and suspense. It's a very ambiguous story. That goes into alot of detail. Their world is very different from ours, and it makes me thankful for the things i have. However, i wouldnt really mind being Jonas's character. He's the main character and goes through one exciting adventure! But i guess if you want to know what happens, then you'll have to read the book!"
"I am so glad I bought this book for it is such a beautiful story. Often, it is hard to judge a book over the internet, even with the 'look within' services provided. And it is hard to find a book for a 12 year old, even if he or she loves reading. My son loved the book and insisted we all read it, as I do now. I think everyone should read it. The story makes so much sense and touches to something that lies in the very midst of our existence. What that is? I am not going to tell you, you must read it for yourself. My sons hopes the story will continue... doesn't that say enough?Mira"
"Lois Lowry's tale of a future without choice, without pain, and without love is a cautionary tale for every generation. The main character, Jonas, learns the value of emotion, growth and choice through memories of the past, highlighting the oft-repeated quote, a favorite among social studies teacher, ""Those who forget the past are doomed to repeat it."" Though few of the characters develop into anything more than examples of how a wrold without a past can go terribly awry, the world Lowry creates is a fascinating, frightening example of how choice and freedom are invaluable resources."
"The Giver was an excellent by literary standards and engaging storyline. The story of seclude community that has controlled actions of all the citizens. Everyone is assigned a job at the ""Ceremony of Twelve"" and from there families are put together and babies are given to you. One boy, Jonas, becomes the chosen to receive memories. From there on, the story goes into a detail what the community has given up to avoid the past memoirs of their humanity. This book to me was interesting from the start. I was really disappointed that the book ended so fast. Still, this book is a must read."
"What an excellent and original book!  This book has been overdue to become a movie.  The social expectations that hamper and bring the main character to question are perhaps the best part of the book.  The central role the main character plays also works well.  This is not a normal society!I would recommend this product along with Sirens of Morning Light by Benjamin Anderson, a quest for a man in Iowa to regain his identity, which becomes entangled with people who claim to have known him when he discovers he is a scientific experiment.  Make sure not to miss either book."
"Many people have read The Giver and have many thoughts regarding the book. Some would say that the novel interested them and kept them want to read. Many of the people that have read the book have written to the author which is, Lois Lowry, and told her if she would write a sequel.  But she responded saying that the ending was up to the readers imagination. The book focused on the journey that Jonas took after he became Reciever of Memory. As Jonas' perfect life got turned upside down with reality the book showed his strength  and wisdom conquering the new differences he came upon."
"The Giver sends out such curiosity that makes you want to read on. Seeing how the story is written in the status of no crime, violence, sex, and many other things that this world contains. It is interesting to see how the  story goes through and ends up. Twelve yr. old Jonas has been chosen,from  the ceremony of Twelves, to be the reciever of memory. Jonas has to slowly  adapt to not seeing his friends (Asher and Fiona) as much as before. Lowry  takes you on a journey of a boy going into adulthood in a place set with  rules and regulations.He slowly discovers things he hadnt before."
"This is a superb book. I have read and re-read it many times, and loved it every time.The book also forces you to think about things that most people don't think about that much, and to re-analzye certain common philosophical assumptions.I think that everyone should read this book at least once in their life.The biggest problem that I had with this book is the rather unsatisfactory ending; the story's resolution is suggested, but nothing is stated. Personally, I would have liked the story to have continued a little longer so as to find out what had happened later."
"In the 5th Grade I read THE GIVER with my class.  It was a story that took a while to understand, but once you did you didn't want to put it down.  The story is about a boy named Jonas living in a perfect society, no crime, no poverty, no nothing.  He has no idea of his birth parents or siblings.  All he knows is that from now on his life is living there and consuming the starnge job of Reciever.  This is a kind of book where you have to be mature.  There are a couple of parts that have to take a serious person to sit and read with no laughing. So, I strongly say to read this book"
This is one of my all time favorite books. I have used it in my reading classes for the past 2 years and it is one of my students favorite books also. I always read the 1st book in a series and encourage the students to read the rest of the series on their own (this story is the 1st of 4 books in the series). The ending is ambiguous but I use it as a great discussion and writing piece at the end of the unit. This story can be difficult for students to understand so they will need a lot of support to get through it. I highly recommend it and can not wait for the movie to come out!!
"I am not going to say much about the Giver. It's a masterpiece that all new dystopian writes keep getting ideas from and stealing from. In fact, my daughter was reading a series called matched i think and another series. Both owe the Giver everything in them. Whenever my daughter tells about an idea in the books, I have to laugh at how this was stolen from the Giver. So what is this review about?It's a bout that Lois Lowry set the perfect name for the book.Why?Because The Giver GIVES 90% of today's dystopian fiction ideas and is never mentioned."
"This story really moved me. Set in the possible future, the concept of Sameness is brought to extreme levels. Members of society barely think for themselves. Everyone has a position, with set tasks and actions to preform everyday without question of why. The one exception is The Giver. He is the holder of memories. Memories that include love and family but also pain and war. When Jonas is picked to be the next Giver, time has finally come for change. The ending is purposely ambiguous. Lowry leaves her readers to make their own conclusions.1994 Newbery Winner. Highly recommended."
"This book is definitely worth your time to stop and read.  Lois Lowry has created this brilliant novel about a young boy in a world where order rules everything.  As the plot unravels, you start to realize some of the things that you have taken for granted in our world of imperfection.  You are introduced to a community where your life is planned out and free-will is no longer existent.  As you finish this novel, you will be questioning whether or not you could thrive in a world like that.  If you value your individuality, then you will more than likely enjoy reading this book."
"Lois Lowry did a really good job on this book. It is about a boy named Jonas. When people turn 12 they get assigned a job that they have to do for life. Jonas gets assigned a special job called the reciver. Everyday he goes to the Givers ofice, takes of his shirt and lies on the bed. The Giver comes and puts his hands on Jonas's back and transports memories from him to Jonas. The Giver told Jonas that once he gives the memories to Jonas he dosent have them anymore. The Giver tells Jonas that he can't share his dreams with his parents anymore. If you want to find out what happens."
"I was impressed by the writing. My daughter had read the book when she was young and still to this day as an adult it remains one of her favorites. So I read it one day not expecting anything and I really enjoyed it.  It will never cease to amaze me the occupancy of the human minds vast degree of imagination. You could easily determine your own ending and usually that thoroughly ticks me off, but I enjoyed it this time. I'm not sure why. Other then maybe because children were the subject and that maybe as a Mom I would like to write them a happily ever after. Good author! Bravo."
"this book was amazing.i couldnt put it down.one of the things that made it great was that it was believable.i could totally understand why some people would think that aworld with no color,pain,or choice would be better.in the beginning of the story i couldnt even see the flaws in their society.THAT IS WHAT A GOOD DYSTOPIAN NOVEL SHOULD BE LIKE.other books like the hunger games are more flawed.there are huge gaps in the plotline that just dont make sense.in the giver though they dont rebel because they take everything for granted.i loved it and all the other books in its series."
"the giver is a book about a perfect community in which nobody has to suffer of hunger or illness. Everything is controlled by a committee, called ""The Elders"". The protagonist in the book is called Jonas, a twelve years old boy, who receives the most important assignment of the community. He's chosen to become the ""Receiver"" of the memories. He's educated by the Giver. But during his education he gets to know the disadvanteges of the community. The book ends with an open ending.It's a nice book. As it is a utopian world it's very interesting.cu greetings from germany"
"I read the book The Giver by Louis Loury.  The book is about a boy named Jonas who lives in a ""perfect"" comunity, so he thinks.  Until he is chosen for the job of recever, the highest of honor's.  There he learnes  things that he never wanted to know and can never forget.  I thought  this book was well writen with good feeling and alliteration.  Untill the  ending that while being interesting to some, will be tediouse and annoying  to others.  I give this book three stars because it has a good  beginning and middle but a ending that may leave some wanting more."
"Ages: 12 and upI rate it for twelve and up because of some sad, and graphic scenes.Grade Level: 8thI rate it for eighth graders because of it's tough vocabulary but that's for my state.I remember my forth grade teacher starting to read me this book, so while tutoring a child who has not found a love for reading I choose this one to help spark it. We started reading a chapter a day, soon we increased to two, then three. This book it's self was in perfect condition as it arrived. I would recommend this novel for those who are in seventh grade and up."
"The Giver is good literature for caring, respect and responsibility. Jonas cares about Gabriel and will not allow him to be released because he loves him and has unlimited care for him. Also, Jonas shows much respect toward the Giver whenever he is in his presence. Plus, Jonas is very responsible for following the rules of his community. ""Thank you for my first day."" That is an example of Jonas being respectful toward the Giver. He tells him thank you, which is a very respectful phrase. In conclusion, this book shows respect, responsibility and caring and is good literature."
"Lois Lowry did a really good job on this book. It is about a boy named Jonas. When people turn 12 they get asighed a job that they have to do for life. Jonas gets asighed a special job called the reciver. Everyday he goes to the Givers ofice, takes of his shirt and lies on the bed. The Giver comes and puts his hands on Jonas's back and transports memories from him to Jonas. The Giver told Jonas that once he gives the memories to Jonas he dosent have them anymore. The Giver tells Jonas that he can't share his dreams with his parents anymore. If you want to find out what happens."
"Louis Lowry's The Giver is such a classic literary piece that i hardly find it fitting to write a review for it.  This book is so thought provoking and magnificent that one you read it you will love it.  I'm not sure what else to say about it, for if you havent already read it you are for sure missing out on a book that WILL make you think and let me say that it is a book that, although comprehinsive to younger people and teens, anyone, anyage will be able to read THe GIver without feeling like they're reading a book that belongs to their child.  Amazing book, you will love it."
"Didn't like it. There were several things that did not make sense wherein the author described a certain state of being which was later contradicted by the actions of one or more of the characters. In addition, the ending was so abrupt i was left feeling that the author either could not come up with a reasonable ending so just abruptly cut it off, or the author left it hanging in mid air on purpose to leave an option to write a sequel.  Either way, it felt like the end of a chapter rather than the end of a novel.  The idea for the book was great, it was simply poorly executed."
"I really enjoyed reading this book and thought that the plot was very well thought out. Although there were some really sad parts, I found myself unable to stop reading. The end of the story seemed a bit rushed to me, but other than that, it was great! I would never have been able to imagine a world without color, feelings, or pain. It was very well written and used precise language and words I never would've been able to write! I loved reading it and would totally recommend it to those who love an interesting, different story and can keep reading even if it gets sad at times!"
"I really liked this book! There was a few proubles with it though. I recomend this book for people how like an ending that dosn't tell what happenes to the charters. I think that the author should have told us me of what happened in the end. Another prouble with the book is that it has a lot of counter dictions. It say they don't have guns, but a few pages later they do. I think it was not as rewarding at the end of the book. I still will recomend the book, becuse it has a lot of good twist in it. As I said it is a page turner!! I think most of the book is pretty good!"
"This is my absolute favorite book of all time.  I could not put the book down.  It's interesting to read about this colony of people you are very  naive, to the outside world.  You can actually live this book.  You can  feel the emotions and all the happenings, as if you were there.  I never  knew what was going to happen next! It's brilliant the way Lowry came up  with such a fascinating and lively novel. MUST READ!! I'm POSITIVE you will  LOVE this novel just as much as I do.  So get a copy of The Giver TODAY and  experience for yourself, just how intriguing this book is!!!"
The Giver was a great book to me. Unlike alot of other books this one kept me on the edge of my seat and I was always wondering what was going to happen next. It was the only book the teacher issued that I actually liked to read and didn't want to put down.  When I read it I sometimes felt sorry for Jonas because he was so different and his friends couldn't even relate to what Jonas was going through. He wanted so much to tell his friends everything he knew but he wasn't allowed to. But he ending up being happy so I would definately recomend this book to everyone.
"Will Jonas Be a Receiver?  A review by Ariana, Age 11,  Jonas is turning twelve and he is getting traning by The Giver.  The Giver holds memories of pain, happiness, loneliness, and color.  Now Jonas has to receive those memories.  Will Jonas ever be a receiver?  I loved this book because when you read it you feel like you're in it.  It's so tense that it will hit you it in the heart.  Once you finish a page you just want to keep on going.  This book would probably be one of the best books I have ever read.  Too bad Lois Lowry didn't write a sequel to The Giver."
"As I was reading this book, I was utterly amazed at the setting in which it took place.  I could never imagine such a world where no one sees colors or feels any emotions.  If I would have been in Jonas's shoes, I think I would have gone crazy.  I also feel the book was well written, the imagery and the plot of the story go so well together.  Perhaps my favorite part was when Jonas decided to keep giving Gabriel memories so he could sleep well at night, I admire Jonas's character, and I am even trying to be like him in some ways.  Overall, this is excellent reading material!"
"Jonas lives in the perfect community. Sameness is idealized. Differences are ignored or erased. The community elders observe you throughout your life and at the age of 12, they assign you to your perfect job.At Jonas's 12th year he is nervous about what his assigned job will be. Little does he know how drastically life will change once he receives his assignment.Lois Lowry did a wonderful job painting a picture of the characters and the community in this dystopian society. Language is used in uncommon ways, setting the community apart from our world."
"The author has created a future society where everything is taken care of and making decisions are not necessary. Even as benign as it seems on the surface, it basically crushes individuality for the good of the community.  The sad part is that the people know nothing else so they willingly participate in all of the rules because they are the rules. It presents concepts and ideas that make you think about what society should be. I found it to be very well written and very descriptive but I thought the ending seemed rather abrupt. A good speedy read I'd recommend for anyone."
"I decided to pick it up in celebration of the new movie (yea, I became one of THOSE people), and I was pretty impressed for the most part. It is unique, thoughtful, and overall well written. Oh, and I cried. A lot. But, it ended right as I wanted to keep reading. And I'm really upset that the ""sequels"" are just really similar books. So, to any hopeful authors, please go by the ""skirt rule"". Long enough to tie things up, but short enough to make it interesting. But, after all is said and done, I would say I appreciated. the book very much and would most likely read it again."
"The storyline was epic and suspenseful, with a lot of adventure in it. I read that book whenever I was available, and slept extremely late just to read it . Though it was a very good book I was looking forward to have more information about the characters at the end of the book. I feel that maybe if the story was completed better,people would not have to keep a question mark in their brain at the point they are finishing the story. Overall I thought the author did a pretty good job writing the book because many themes and emotions were included to make the book interesting."
"After reading the negative reviews, I decided to read this book that was assigned as required reading for my daughter before she did. I was worried that the content would be too heavy for her. While it covers some serious topics, I didn't find it to be as ghastly as some of the reviewers made it out to be. Of course the concept of euthanasia is a difficult one, especially as it relates to those other than the suffering, but it's a concept alone, and one that I can discuss with my daughter as she reads the book. I found the ending to be a bit abrupt for my tastes, and I was definitely left wanting to know more, but the book was otherwise a quite enjoyable read."
"The Giver starts off like a X-Files thriller, a strange airplane appears in the sky. Jonas's intensity -palpable-will make your heart throb.  Yet, you will soon realize that it is a false alarm and the story settles down-you begin to be drawn into Jonas' world, his life, and his rules.  This is suppose to be a futuristic book, but many of the aspects of the story are true today-society and parents are trying to control every aspect of the life of their children, without much input from the them.  More than that, I think author showed that even if we try, we will in the end fail.  Many parents would deny this claim, but in doing so, they are being disingenuous."
"Is life that perfect? Well, that is how it is in Jonas's life. Welcome to the Community, a place with no color, crime, free will, individuality, guilt, or pain, a place where your life is picked out for you by someone else and public apologies must be given for even the smallest thing. A community that's perfect, but the question is, what is perfect? You wouldn't want your life chosen, do you want to like everyone else? Do we even know? We don't know what its like to live in those conditions would it be better or worse? That's why Jonas doesn't realize it until he became the receiver of memories when he realizes color, pain, and feelings he's never felt before"
"This is a book that I cannot wait for my children to get old enough to read.  My husband, father and I all read it at the same time because a friend of ours who is a school teacher asked for our opinion.  We were all in unanimous agreement that this is a fantastic book that everyone should read.  Lois Lowery does a great job weaving a story about a different kind of society in which everything seems okay - at least until about a third of the way through the book. Once she's reeled you in she lowers the subtle boom and shocks you with the way in which this ""okay society"" isn't so okay and leaves you wondering if it ever will be.Respectfully - CB Anderson"
"Frequently cited in lists of great young adult novels and named as a favorite by many people, The Giver is a coming-of-age story set in a dystopian, authoritarian future.  As one of the 100 most frequently banned books in the U.S., it may not be appropriate for children and young teens, but the messages of individuality and freedom make it a worthwhile read.  The book's aesthetic appeal is limited, probably because it was written to be understood by a young audience.  If your favorite books include Orwell's 1984, Bradbury's Farenheit 451 or Rand's Anthem, you will probably appreciate The Giver, although it lacks the depth and dimensions of those great novels."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry, was and is an excellent book.  I have since read it twice and about to begin my third time around and everytime it gets better.  This book is enlighting, and makes a person really think about everyday things that society takes for granted.  What if all people couldn't see color?  What if you couldn't choose your own spouse, or job?  If everything was choosen for you, life would be boring, and almost not worth living. This book is an eye opener.  It really makes you think.  I believe that every person out there should read this book and not just to say that you read it, but to say that you learned from it.  Mary Gere  Newport, NH"
"The Giver is a one of a kind masterpiece written by Lois Lowry. Jonas is an adventurous, courageous boy who undertakes the perilous job of Reciever of Memories (in training). The old Reciever of Memories keeps all the memories of the town from the old, outside world, inside him, many of which show him great pain, which he must now transfer to Jonas.A terrific book, Lois Lowry has yet again created a tragic yet wonderfully written fantasy. Caught by the suspense woven into her story, this book took me around 3-4 hrs. to read at an estimate. The ending came as a surprise, yet was tragically heroic of Jonas. This is a one-in-a-lifetime book. Try it out."
"The Giver is by far one of my favorite books now! It features a young boy named Jonas who is given knowledge of his entire world and history after living in an utopian world. Jonas' world believes that decisions can damage a community, so everything is chosen for them, and handed to them. No one has ever experienced suffering or much loss. It's amazing to see how much our country has changed during the story, taking place after America. This book is extremely well written, holding your attention for the duration of the novel. I highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys reading about post-American society and young minds with a great sense of adventure."
"The Giver is just one of the many books written by Lois Lowery.  The setting is in the future of a community that is very monotonuos.  There are no momories of any generation but there own, only  one person has all the  momories of any time and place.  The Giver is what he goes by and he has  apprentice named Jonas who is the Reciever of memories.  Jonas was chosen  and honored to have been picked for the job.  He took real pain and hunger  for the first time.  The community is uniform everything is a routine and  has sameness.  At the ending Jonas runs away taking someone special with  him on the long journey.  I will leave the ending for you to figure out!"
"I first read The Giver when it came out in hard back, I was in the seventh grade and my teacher lent it to me.  I had read many of Lois Lowry's books before, but I was completely unprepared for how wonderful this book was.  When I finished I turned immediately to the first page and re-read it.  I  recieved my own copy as a present soon after, and I have read it more times  than I can remember.  This is a book for everyone.  My mother and her  reading group also read it and loved it.  I gave it to my history teacher  for Christmas, and she read it in one sitting.  It is my favorite book,  even after 6 years, and I would recommend it to anyone, young or old."
"This book is about a boy named Jonas and how he becomes the Giver. Jonas is just a regular boy in a community of order.There is no war,no pain,no anger,and no choices. Now the twelves ceremony has come and Jonas is chosen to be the new giver. Now Jonas has to face something he has never faced before.I gave this book four stars because it was good except for the very confusing parts. Like when Lily came home and shared what happened at school. When Jonas in the morning shared what dream he had. And the idea of you having no choices, that just blew my mind because if I lived in that community I'd SLAP somebody if they forced me to do something for the rest of my life!"
"The Giver is a very fascinating book. Lois Lowry creats a very well thought out community without anything that the citicenz can do or think about negative. Everthing has to be preciece and perfect. When they have a proble they go to the Reciever who holds all of the memories of the past and Joanas unsespectdedly is chosen to be the new Reciever after the Giver's Daughter Rosemary the previous reciever is released.Release is a whole other story, once Joanas finds out what release is by his father releasing a twin that was only 2 onces less than his brother. Joanas takes Gabriel (mabey his brother) and his memories he goes to another community or sies getting their. TWO THUMBS UP."
"This amazing story is about a boy who lives in a town with no worries, pain ,or guilt. Every year all of the kids who were twelve meet in a place called The Anex room to discuss their careers in life. The elders of the town get to decide which career goes to whom. Jonus the last to be called, hade been given  the job of the  receiver of memories. The job of the receiver is to take all of the horrible memories of the town untill the day of his near death, then he must give the memorries to anouther. If you want to read a book with hope love and excitement this is the book for you .This wounderful story is one of my favorite books that I have ever read. Ihope you will enjoy it too."
"My 12 yr old daughter was reading The Giver for her 6th grade book group and got annoyed when I borrowed it from her each night, finishing it in three, when she had to read it with her class, a chapter at a time. I loved  this book, it reminded me much of Ira Levin's book This Perfect Day, which  is also about a perfect society where someone questions it's structure and  rules. Actually , I loved the idea that children were encouraged to try out  career choices-we should all be able to do that ! My daughter and I both  wished there had been one more chapter, so we could see what Jonas would do  with his new knowledge of the real world beyond the fabricated one he's  always known."
"I liked The Giver a lot.It was boreing at first because nothing was happening but as the book went on it was much more interesting.I like this book because it is really detailed and you can really tell how its like to have everything the same. Some parts were really confucing for me but they made more sense after reading a lot more of the book.This book really made me thinking it was a great book to read with my cousin, we had a lot of fun. In one way it is good to have a life like jonas but you wouldn't be living real life.The giver was a great book.I really liked how it was open ended for us to make our owen story.The giver was a great book to let kids express there ipinions."
"THE GIVER gives the reader an insight on lifes possibilities and questions the power of authority.  Lois Lowry uses her incredible creativity a whole new world in which her charecters live.  The society has rules and  regulations that everyone must live and abide by or they will be  ""released"" from the community.  This is a heart touching story of  a young boy and his quest for truth and freedom from the harsh judgements  of his life.  I would recommend this book to every age because it includes  creativity for the young ones and a strong and complex sense of  understanding and wit for adults.  This is one of my favorit books and I  Promise it will be one of yours too."
"This book absolutely blew me away!  Lowry's portrayal of this futuristic utopia is both inviting and chilling.  At the beginning, the easy simplicity of the life led by Jonas and his family seems like the perfect answer to our chaotic lifestyle.  But as Jonas begins to receive the world's memories and to discover that his world is not perfect, ""utopia"" becomes eerie and even horrifying, as such secrets as the ""release"" of children are revealed.  The ending, although somewhat predictable, is well suited to the story, and is the only feasable way that Jonas can continue to exist with the knowledge that he possess.  Amazingly well written and a wonderful story!"
"this was truly the best book I have ever read. I really enjoyed it. my class is planning to read it over a three month time period, but today is just the second day we are reading it.Side note added: This review was written by my 12 yr old daughter who was required to read this book for her 6th grade English/Language Arts class. They began reading this book on Friday March 28th, 2014 and she finished reading it on Monday March 31st, 2014. She did not sit around reading this book constantly over the weekend, as we had some family time out on the town on Saturday and on Sunday we went to church and she spent most of the day spending time with her grandparents afterwards :)"
"The book ""The Giver"" takes place in a strange community some time in the Future.  Jonas is closing in on his ceremony of Twelve, when Elevens become Twelve's, sort  of like what we call our birthdays. Every person who turns Twelve is assigned a job for the rest of his or her  life, or until reaching the House of the Old. During the ceremony, something unexpected happens and Jonas has to take on a job that is deviant but very respected. Jonas soon learns why his community is based on rules; why some things are banned, but, there's an  upside.  My over all statement is that everyone should read this book.By:~*~*Emma E.~*~*"
"i have always liked sci-fi books but this one beets em all. this book is amazing. so full of detail and description. I have fallen in love with the futureistic world that lois lowry has created. Its like the perfect world. no one gets hurt. but there are some things that i dislike such as how in that world once you get to a certain age or if you have an identical twin you get your life taken away. what are we animals, i dont appear to be a dog but go ahead and check just to make sure. i also disliked the excessive rules. but over all this is one of the best books i have ever read it has become my favorite book. i recommend this book to anyone who loves to read science fiction."
"I was a fifth grade teacher when Lois Lowery's book , THE GIVER,  was published. Her book inspired countless important discussions with classes that I taught over the years. When I heard the movie was coming out I offered to bring my sixth grade grandson to see it after he had read the book. Damien's, my grandson, response to the book says it all. He found the book and movie ""profound"" and said, ""I feel like I'm a better person now because of how it made me think."" I hope he shares his feelings in a letter to Lois Lowry. Damien feels everyone in school should have to read it. I am in complete agreement."
"The Giver was a novel study book for my 6th grader son.  I enjoyed the book very much as I had to read it and discuss it with my son, as he had so many questions about the society and it's inhabitants.  My son is now grateful to live in a place where he actually can choose and decide for himself, make mistakes and learn from them.  I applaud Jonas for having had the courage to take baby Gabriel away before he got""released"". What a brave Jonas!  I also enjoyed Gathering  Blue and Messenger. I  am now reading Son. I recommend parents to read this awesome book.  ( will there someday be a movie based on the Giver, Lowrey?)"
"What an interesting story! We need this now. I think anyone from the age of ten and up would benefit from reading it or hearing it read by the wonderfully expressive, Ron Rifkin. This is a cautionary tale about a society in which political correctness has been taken to an extreme. With just a few twists to the kind of yuppie-liberal, correct way, of behaving and thinking that seems to prevail at least in America now, the community of The Giver could be our own. Younger readers could find more meaning in this story of a utopia gone bad, if they can discuss the book with other youngsters and adults who have read it also."
"Alright, I'll admit I did read this book three times and yet I only gave it four stars. It is a wonderful book it just can get boring sometimes. It's about a supposed ""utopia"" if that's what you want to call it, where all the people are organized and their differences curbed. Once they reach a certain age they are all placed into jobs picked by the leaders of their communities. Jonah, the main character, has special qualities and that's where the story gets weird. I don't want to get into details so I'll stop writing. I just want to say, before you buy this you might want to check it out at the library first."
"Imagine a life with no pain, no war, no sadness, no problems.  Jonas, the protagonist of this story, lives in such a place.  However, along with that comes no love, no cozy Christmases, no grandparents, no hugs and kisses, no  hot summer days.  Jonas is chosen to be the Receiever of Memories by his  community.  In this job, he will take on the burden of knowing the truth  about life, its highs and its lows.  He is trained by the previous Receiver  who is called The Giver.  Together, they share friendship and truth and  must find a way to save people in the community from being Released and to  save Jonas from his fate."
"I read this book when I was a young adult when it was given to me by my grandmother.  To this day it still comes up in conversation among family and friends.  It was a book that was written in a way that spoke to me and made me feel emotions, think about things in a different way and wonder at life.  I just reread it along with the others after discovering they existed.  Even as an adult I enjoyed it thoroughly.  I highly recommend this and the following books to anyone looking for an easy but rewarding read.  They took me through concepts of good and evil, hope and despair, right and wrong and what it is to be alive."
"""THE GIVER"", IS A VERY INTERESTING BOOK ABOUT THE FUTURE. A YOUNG BOYS' PERSPECTIVE AS HE GROWS UP IN A WORLD WHERE EVERYTHING IS ""SAMENESS"".  EVERY FAMILY UNIT IS THE SAME, EACH YOUNG UNIT IS CHOSEN FOR A FAMILY WHICH CONSISTS OF 4. GABRIEL, THEIR FAMILY UNIT'S THIRD CHILD IS AN EXCEPTION BUT STILL THE SAME.EVERY AGE HAS THE SAME PLACE IN THEIR SMALL WORLD YOUNG TO OLD,  AS ""OLD"" THEY HAVE THEIR OWN""CHILDLESS COMMUNITY"" THIS BOOK IS A VERY EASY READ, I ORIGINALLY GOT IT FOR MY GRANDSON, BUT AFTER TALKING WITH HIM ABOUT IT, I DECIDED TO READ IT MYSELF. I AM GLAD I DID!"
"The novel The Giver is about a community without colour, war, love or pain. Everything is the same and under control by The Elders. There are no choices and everybody is assigned a role in the community. When Jonas becomes 12 he is going to receive special training from the Giver. The Giver translates Jonas all the memories and the pleasure of life. There is no turning back for Jonas. As he discovers the secret of the community, he wants to go to Elsewhere. I suggest that book to readers who like to be left wondering and thinking, because if you read this book, thats you will be doing by the end.*** [...] ***"
"The Giver was a ""NICE"" book, but there were TOO many questions that left you hanging.  I think that I would have liked it a little bit more if there was an ending to the story.  I can understand why the author, Lois Lowry, didn't though.  I think that the reason this book was written was to let us know that we don't appreciate love and warmth that we have every day seriously enough.  Jonas didn't know any of this until he was given the memory of this. I think that we all take seeing color, hearing music and birds sing, the animals, the mountains, the oceans, and love that we have in our families for granted."
"Hi, my name is Gary Neeley.I'm writing to you because I read two of Lois Lowry's books this year.The names of those books are: THE GIVER and NUMBER THE STARS, both great books. I think she should write a second part to The Giver because alot of people would like it if she did.I would like to read the end of the book. At least make a second book that is about 100 pages or more. I read the book every chance I get because it's a great book. Next, I would like to talk about Number The Stars. I think she did just fine but maybe she could write a sequel to it with all of the charcters from the book but about Desert Storm."
"""The Giver"" gave me a new perspective on how I view life. After reading this novel I began to relize how often we as people take our daily lives and activites for granted. ""The Giver"" is such an originally written novel by Lowis Lowry, it's complex, but understanding and creative all at the same time. I was engrossed in the novel and all the events that took place; I could some what relate to the characters and how they sometimes felt. ""The Giver"" is an ""A"" class novel and one of my all time favorites, any one who enjoys reading will definatly enjoy reading ""The Giver""."
The Giver is a outstanding book about a community that is perfect until one boy changes it.  The Giver is moderately simple but awesome.  It begins as if everything is  perfect until Jonas gets his new job as The Receiver.  My story has a little bit of mystery.The mystery is:Is Jonas  seeing things? What is going to become of him?  The main characters are  Jonas and the Giver; they both are virtuous.  If you  like intense stories you'll love The Giver. It's all yours.
"I read this book for and English project. I had heard of it before, but hadn't realized that it was set in the future. When I found out, I was excited to read the book. But by the time I finished, I was disappointed. The world that the main character lives in is underdeveloped, and lacks a good description. Even the other characters are left almost entirely a mystery. The beginning and end of the book were good, because they were well thought out and in-depth. But everything else was a long, boring trek through a world that could have been made interesting, but wasn't."
"This book was a great read.  I read this book once in fifth grade, and again this year.  While thinking into the book i realized that The Giver is a great example of how society today is starting to mesh together.  Everything seems the same.  People are starting to look alike, dress alike, sound alike and even act alike.  Shared memories are important to any and every culture.  Parents and grandparents pass down stories of their past to their children, who will pass their stories on.  This ritual has been going on since the beginning of time, and will continue forever."
"The giver is a book about a community in which everything is perfect.  No one tells lies or do things that are considered to be wrong.  Everything in  the community is in black and white.  The temperature never changes, it  never snow, rain etc.  The main character is a boy name Jonas, who got the  most important assignment in the community asthe ""Receiver of  Memory.""  I like the way the book was creative the whole concept  of a perfect community.  I didn't like the way the book did a lot of  explaining about how Jonas felt.  It makes the book drag."
"Just finished reading this book and I loved it, the story is very interesting very well written, I also loved that the book is just as lengthy as it needs to be, while some other authors try to make the book unnecessarily lengthy including boring and excessive details I found this book just perfect, it does deepens on details that are important for the story but not exaggerating to the point where you no longer remember what the initial idea was. I loved the characters as well, mainly Jonas and the story has a great message at the end, I will definitely read it again!"
"In my opinion The Giver was an excellent book. It is filled with mystery and suspense, and it is hard to put down. The book is about a 12 year old boy named Jonas. In his world everything is perfect. The job that got selected for him was Receiver of Memory. The Receiver of Memory holds all of the horrible and wonderful secrets of the past. Jonas thinks that his community should know about these memories. So Jonas and the giver think of a plan. If Jonas gets caught he could get into a lot of trouble. But once Jonas leaves there is no turning back.By: Emily Heise"
"The book The Giver  is written by Lois Lowry.  There are several characters in the book.  Jonas is the main character.  Lilly is his little sister.  The Giveris someone very special.  Jonas eventually meets someonewho will change his life.  It all takes place in ""The Community"" in the future world of the book.  The problem is that Jonas really does'nt like the community.  If you read the book you can decide if it is a utopia(perfect world) or a dystopia(nightmare world).  I think it is both.  But I think the book is a good book.  Maybe other people would enjoy it too."
"The book ""The Giver"" from Lois Lowry deals with a community which seems to be a perfect world. In the Ceremony of Twelve Jonas receives his assignment which is ""Receiver of Memory"", where he finds out about the secrets of the community.I found the book very interesting because this community was so different from ours. Everything was organized and it seemed to be a perfect world. For me it would be unimaginable to live in a world without colours,feelings and memories. I liked the author leaving the end open and giving the reader the chance to imagine his own end."
"It was a nice day and they heard a loud noise.  They were scared and excited.  Then the speaker went on and the voice said for the people to go into the nearest house and stay there. That was how the story began.Then, Jonas and Asher were throwing an apple and Jonas saw the apple  change.  Jonas got his job as the Receiver of Memories and his first memory  was snow.In the end, Jonas finds out what ""release"" really  means and he makes a plan to leave and go elsewhere.I thought the book  was cool but the ending was weird.  I liked the book."
"The Giver is an amazing piece of work.  It is about a boy named Jonas living in a society with no crime, no unhappiness, and no danger.  Jonas is nearing his Ceremony of Twelve, when he will receive his assignment that will change his life.  He becomes the next Receiver of Memory, and he will be taught by the Giver.  The Giver gives Jonas memories of the whole world, and soon Jonas will learn a terrible secret about the society in which they all live.  His decision will effect the whole world. I certainly enjoyed this book very much, and I hope you will too."
"I really enjoyed reading this facinating book by Lois Lowry.  She is one of my favorite authors.  I could not stay with the class so I had to read ahead.  This book was very hard to put down.  The first time I read it I  did not understand some of the things that they were talking about.  After  the second time, everything was much eaiser to understand.  I would really  recommend this book to older children.  It really made me be thankful for  the laws that we have and don't have.  If your just thought about living  the life of these people, its kinda scary."
The Giver is a book that is based on the future. In this future there lives a boy named Jonas. Jonas soon learns that in this world he receives no love and feels no feeling of sympathy or respect. He soon gets a job in  which he learns that there once was a time in the past where parents gave  their children love and where you were aloud to have more than one brother  or sister. He soon learns of what it means to love and begins to fall in  love with a baby who he will soon save the life of.  When you read this  book you will enter  a world of love and hate.
"write your own, then!  I did.  THE GIVER is an amazing book.  It starts off pretty slow, but it picks up fast.  The community's style of happiness was like Camazotz in A WRINKLE IN TIME (nice looking, but fake.)  I mean, they kill criminals, old people and slow-learning babies.  Who in their right mind could do that?  And no color.  That is bad.  Jonas's memories are shockingly well-written.  They remind me of Jessie's views of the 20th century in RUNNING OUT OF TIME.  Three words: Read this book.  If you don't, you might as well be living in that community."
"I just finished this book for my upcoming book club.  I enjoyed the way the book flowed, and the rather insightful concepts which were introduced in a very easy to understand format.  I have to agree with another reviewer who admonishes people who would ban this book.  It almost sends chills down my spine to realize that the future could actually become the lives that are portrayed in the book. I believe that people/ and/or groups that find offense to this read  are just proving to me that what is portrayed by the author could actually happen in the future."
"In less than two hundred pages, Lois Lowry's, The Giver, presents a chilling view of a future world whose citizens are lulled into the belief that a perfect world can be had with a happy pill. Order and success are the goals of the community that has accepted the philosophy for generations. In Lowry's world, everyone has a place and a function, and all lack the capacity to love, feel, or know pain. The perfect world is without color, shades of gray; all enjoy a sublime sameness. This is an exceptional book. Also recommended: THE LOSERS CLUB by Richard Perez"
"Someone gave me this book after I told them how much I loved 'The Hunger Games.' It was an interesting read. It had hints of 'Brave New World,' and this not so perfect, 'perfect' community. It was definitely better than 'The Uglies,' which is also a YA sort of dark, future society. Out of this genre I would have to say that 'Hunger Games' and 'Logans Run' are my favorite, but 'The Giver' gave an interesting take on it, even if it was a little depressing. I would say this is probably a better message for kids to read than THG, though, not quite as much fun."
"Have you ever wondered what the word ""utopia"" means?  This book's about a utopia gone wrong.  If you like those kinds of books, you will love this book because this is the kind of book that's for you.  In this story you will find Jonas, a boy who lives in a place where everything seems right when it's really wrong.  He discovers this after receiving a gift of memory of the past and present.  Jonas fights to make his world right.  We recommend this book to all.  --Sterling Bradbury, Jesse Pho, Kelsey Jarrett and Heather Murrah in Ms. Marik's 6th grade class"
"In a near perfect community where color is not seen, pain is not felt, and everyone lives to be the same age; Jonas a Twelve is cosen to be the Receiver of Memory. Memories from the past when pain and love was felt by all. When Jonas has received nearly all the memories, he does something no one in the community has ever done or knows about.  Lois Lowry tells an amazing story in this book. This book is probably my favorite I have ever read before. There is know other book quite like this one. I reach out to everyone to read this excellent writen book."
"In my opinion I would give The Giver 3 stars,because the book was only okay. It was a little boring, but I liked the part when he was learning to become the Receiver. The end of the book didn't have enough detail to attratct my attention.  I think the best part about The Giver was hoe they were similar.It taught me how lucky I am to be capable of making my own decisions. I think their world was too complicated to understand sometimes... Other than some of those things I would say The Giver was a pretty interesting book.  ..."
"When I read the book The Giver at first I thought NOT EXCITING WHAT'S SO EVER. After we kept on reading it wasn't all that bad.The story of The Giver is set in a utopia. There is a 12 year old boy named Jonas who lives in a community where there is no fear, pain, sadness, no colour, no feeling. The children are born into a family with only 2 children. Each person in the community receives the responsibility of a job that they must complete. Overall I would recommend this book to People between the ages of 14 and up. Only if they are into this kind of book."
"I liked ""The Giver"", by Louis Lowry very much. I recomend it to everyone. It is about a perfect world where everyone is the same exept for Jonas, the main charecter. I liked the idea of a perfect world, but his was not perfect in my opinion. Jonas thinks outside the box and tries to understand the reality of his life. I think we as Americans should try to do this also. We thought that no one could harm us, and Jonas thought that his life would always be the same. We were wrong as was Jonas. If there ever is a sequal it will answer many questions."
"I thought that this book was wonderful; it is one of my favorites. I thought that the detail Lois Lowry used was excellent in showing Jonas' thoughts and feelings as he slowly learns the truth about his world and his life. The end leaves you hanging somewhat, yet at the same time feeling fulfilled. It made me feel sadness, happiness, pity, and anger all at once. It also has an ominous undercurrent, making you wonder ""What if? What if this will happen?"" It's exciting, funny, sad, scary...in other words, it's everything that such a story should be!"
We were assigned to read the giver at our school. Everybody moaned cheered but I didn't know if it was a good book or a bad. So when I started the  very first page I was really confused about it. So I told my brother if he  could read the first page with me. After he explained the first page I  understood the rest of the book. After I finished The Giver I realized that  as a writer it took so much talent to be so descriptive and so emotional  about your books. So if your reading my article Lois Lowry I want to tell  you that your book inspired me to write.
"I think I enjoyed this book, because I could relate to the main charactor. His want for understanding the giver, and what really happened around him. At first, he was scared and didn't think he had the 'magic' within him. I highy recommend this book for it's wonderful discribtion, understanding of the world, and interesting happenings. You never really know what's going to happen next. Therefore it is sooo hard to put down. Even as the novel ends, you'd wander what happened to him. I love a good book that 'changes' your theory of the world and it's people."
"I feel that Lois Lowry's The Giver, did not really effect me in any way.  It was a very interesting book that questions everything that society doesn't like to talk about.  This book lets the reader re-examine their beliefs and ideas.  This book is mainly about a boy named Jonas and how he was chosen for something special.  This special something as it is referred to, leads Jonas to a man only known as the Giver.  This book deals with such touchy subjects as: conflict, poverty, unemployment, divorce, injustice towards others, and inequality among people."
"My name is Lindsay.  I just read the book The Giver. I think it is a wonderful book.  It's right up there with the Harry Potter books.  I loved the plot. When I first started reading this book, I thought, This would be a good world to live in.  There is no pain, everyone is polite, and you  always have the perfect parents. Then, when I heard there was no colors or  feelings, and the parents don't love the children, I thought, Who would  want to live in this kind of world? This is a very good book, and it really  makes you think! I recommand it to anyone!"
"Out of the whole series this was the best one but I found myself bored by the book. I could put it down for weeks before returning to it. I finished it just to see how the book ended, hoping for some incredible plot twist. At first I found the futuristic world intriguing and an interesting commentary on some aspects of society (I'm trying not to spoil it) but once the supernatural was introduced I was disappointed. It seemed as if the author just couldn't think of anything with technology to produce the same results so they appealed to the supernatural."
"It always amazes me when an author is able to create a fantasy so rich with details that reading about it makes that world seem real.  Lois lowry has that gift.  This engaging story kept me turning pages as fast as I could.  The Giver has rich details of a utopian world with no sickness, starvation, or war.  But what has been given up to create uniformity and safety?  Would you want to live like that?  People who want to explore the themes of ""big brother"" and what the world could be like in an alternative reality will enjoy this book very much."
"I have to admit, I was a bit disappointed by this book. I understand that it is intended for a much younger reader than myself. Still, it seemed incredibly simplistic to me. For one thing, Lowry does not give many details about how the society has come to be, or how it really functions. Despite that I thought it was a great thought-provoker for younger/more reluctant readers, and provided some truly chilling scenes. One more quibble: the ending was open-ended and unsatisfactory. I know, I know, it's supposed to make the reader think. But, argh.[...]"
"This book was one of my favorites. I don't like to read very much, but I just wanted to sit down and read the whole book. It caught my attention and wouldn't let go. Lois Lowry lets you come up with the ending which was one of my favorite things. The Giver is about a boy who becomes the Receiver, and finds out what his community was like before Sameness. He receives memories of the past and does not like what the community is all about. The Giver is about a long journey to make the community what it was in the past. THat means getting rid of Sameness."
"The book ""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry deals with a perfect organized community, in which Jonas, a 12 Year-old boy, gets to know the bad sides of this perfect world. In the beginning it was a bit boring, because they told details about the community and how it works. But then, when Jonas was assigned, it got better and better. The style got better and more interesting. It was not very difficult to read, because you could guess the unknown words from the context, and the more I read it became easier. In the end it was almost as easy to read as a german book."
"The Giver is a magical book that will lead to deep thought and long discussions with children. It is a wonderful book to read along with your child! I did an eight week novel study on The Giver with my 5th grade Honors reading class and they all enjoyed it. In this book, Jonas is a boy that lives in a ""perfect"" world. As he becomes older, he begins to see things that make him question everything he knows. Lois Lowry is a wonderful author and this is a perfect story for a fifth or sixth grader. I'm in my thirties and it's still one of my favorite books!"
"The Giver is about a boy named Jonas and he lives in a community where other people pick there jobs and wife's/husbands and clothes. Jonas job is the Giver and a Giver helps people and the community. A Giver also has special powers and great minds.I would recommend this book because it's very interesting and it kind of pulls you in to read and read longer. This book is also kind of sad because people die. Not only is this book interesting and sad, but sometimes in the book something pops up and it's always surprising or important."
"I would reccomend this book because it is like something no one has ever experienced. The feeling of no color symbolized things Jonas thinks is amazing that we take for granted.  Family units show how we take our parents for granted, siblings, pets. The feeling of love towards Gabe that Jonas experienced is something we can all relate to.  Elsewhere is like Heaven. The sled, the beautiful lights... a feeling of joy.  This book is full of emotions; happiness, love, sorrow, anger; true anger, and pain.  The Giver is THE best!"
"The Giver is a masterpiece. The sentences flow through your mind as your reading creating peace that most books don't bring you. This book is most-likely directed at middle-grade children, but I am in high school and I loved it with a passion. It starts out in a utopia and gradually turns into a dystopia as the book progresses. This book will bring you joy, and it will bring you sadness. But no matter what it brings you, by the end you will fall in love with Jonas. Lois Lowry creates a character so real you can almost touch him. Please read this book!"
"This is a great book. I have never cried from a book but i did in this. I cried because of the thought of release. Jonas's dad the Nurturer does not even know that he is killing babies. It is sad and painful to think about killing innocent babies just because they are twins. The townspeople all run away from confusion, pain, love, and family just because they are scared. They depend on the Reciever to hold memories when they can share the memories together. These people have no idea what they are doing. There is no Elsewhere. There is Heaven and Hell."
"This book would be a wonderful tool for introducing the topic of society's goals to young adolescents. When young Jonas leaves the rigidly structured society in which he has been reared, he heads toward an uncertain future.Venturing away from the perceived safety of an utterly controlled existence does mean incredible risk. Is it worth it?There is no single answer. By leaving the ending hopeful yet unknown, Ms. Lowry leaves the topic open to honest debate.I can see why this book remains as powerful as the date when it was published."
"It was a very short read, less than 3 hours all together.  I love that it went right to the point, was short, but also really interesting and gave me all the details I needed. EXCEPT for the ending... I wish there was more since I loved Jonas and The Giver.  I can see why Junior High kids read this book in English class, and I wish I did (I'm 23 now and still loved it).  It's really good for growing teens and even people who need to get back on track again. But overall I really enjoyed this book (even though I didn't get a definite ending out of it)."
"Books and their ideas shouldn't be banned, their only enemy should be ideas that are better, or books that are better. I think The Giver is a good book and should not be banned. The book was very good and it did not have any parts that I thought were bad in it. There were a few parts that made my day, which you usually don't see in regular books. The book makes you think how the people would live, if they did not have a choice on where they could go or what they could do. That is some of the reasons why I think The Giver should not be a banned book."
"(spoilers)I enjoyed this book because it was a different take on what the future will be like.  I know that other books have been written about this, but I liked this booked because the writing was so crisp and concise.  Also, the more you read, the more you understood.  I didn't pick up that they could see color until Jonas noticed a change in the apple.The only reason that I took one star away, was that the ending was a little bit of a let down.  He escapes, but it was only in the last quarter of the book.  We don't know how it turned out for him."
"What a great book. The Giver is a very serious book but also a book that youngish readers shuold be able to understand. This is one of those books that kids can begin to learn critical thinking from. It puts moral weight behind such mundane things that we take for granted. The book has you asking yourself questions like,""Is it okay to be pain free? Would you want a protected, colorless life if it meant safety and well-being. What things are worth dying for- freedom, oppurtunity, or even basic chioces?"" I wish I had read this in junior high but better late then never."
"How can you live in a world with so many different rules?. I thought that the novel was a very interesting story. I enjoyed reading ""the giver"" I couldn't really picture what would happen next, it would always surprise me in some way.I liked this novel because it was different from all of the the other novels that I had read. I really learned alot from this novel,I learned that we are very fortunate to live a life so free.I also learned that we are very luckey to be able to see colour and feel pain and love.I really enjoyed this novel and I think that you would too!."
"I thought the book was great. I didn't catch on to what was happening until the middle because you assume that everything is in color. You would think of that world as one like your own with color, trees and hills.It's  very strange and sad when you think about it, when people are ""let  go"" they really die. It's a very unfamilair world where no families  exist only units. I thought Lowis Lowery was very creative and the book was  wonderful.  I still think it was one of those books you can't put down and  have to finish. One of the best books I've ever read!"
"This book is fantastic!  I am a teacher and I am truly excited to share this novel with my students...it makes you open your eyes and question the meaning of ""perfection.""  Many times we speak of how wonderful it would be to live in a ""perfect world"", but I do not believe that we can comprehend what that would mean - a loss of freedom, of beauty, of innocence,of history, of love...If you are interested in reading a book that will make you thankful for all of the many great gifts we do have, pick up this treasure and enjoy it for all of its wisdom!"
"This book was the book to get me to start reading. Once I got past the... different cover, I realized what a beautiful book it truly was. The book itself told of a life of a young boy that loved his life but didn't know what he was missing... or what people were hiding from him. When I had finished reading the book I thought -What a wonderful ending- because that's just what it was. Some authors leave details out, leave strings hanging, not tied into a knot, but Lois Lowery tied them tight with a shiny red ribbon. Highly reccommended for people just starting to read"
"This book really made me think about the views on the future and how incredably imposible having a perfect world would be. The beginning of this book really opened my eyes to the exact set up Lois Lowry describes the future to be like. It made me think of how things would be if the world were completely orgagnized. But 12 year old Jonas had to take on the memory of the world, finding the real dirt at the core of this ""perfect"" society. Departure was out of the question in the role he was assigned, but with the help of his adviser, The Giver, he had an escape ahead."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry should be on all reading lists for middle schoolers because it inspirs its readers.  With every new chapter, there are new suprises that await the reader. For example the main character had  no idea he would be chosen to be the Giver.  This book deserves a four  stars because in some places it was just a little too confusing for some  yonger readers.  Some of the confusion comes from the advanced vocabulary  and complacated plot.  On the other hand for older readers the advanced  vocabulary and plot only add to Lois Lowrys spectacular novle."
"Okay, here I go, this is going to be hard for me because I'm in war with myself. I LOVED the plot, i loved the characters, I loved everything about the book EXCEPT the ending. The ending, in my opinion, is the hardest thing to accomplish without making somebody mad. Well I was very disappointed by the ending of this book. I stayed up all night to finish this book and was so mad, i felt it was a waste of my time. I'm sorry, it's just to bad of a cliff hanger for me. But, I would tell somebody to read this book, just to me, the ended was bad but still a lovely book."
"I read The Giver years ago as a young student, coming back to it made me appreciate it so much more. It is an entertaining story about a young boy named Jonas, going through a crucial period in his life. He lives in a community where there is no war, no pain, no feeling, and each person is assigned their place in life.Jonas is given the most important job in the community and it shows him a completely different view of the way the community lives.It's a great story of the struggles of growing up and the ideas of utopia. A great read overall."
"I love unique books, and this one is marvelous!  Although it is classified as juvenile fiction, I recommend it to young and old, male or female - it is such an imaginative story that gets you to think about life as we know it.  I couldn't help thinking of Prozac while listening to this book, and how this and other drugs may be used to mask ""feelings"" and thus mask life, and make everything kind of vanilla.  It's one of those books you want to walk around recommending to everyone you talk to, just so you have more people to talk to about it!"
"I was assigned an assignment: to read a newbery award book for a book report. My teacher gave it to me because she thought that I would love it. And I did. The Giver is a truly excellent  book and I recommend it to everyone that enjoys reading. (and even to others that don't). I have to admit there were  parts I did not understand at the begining of the book,  but did as I continued to read on. It is the kind of book that  just makes non-readers into people that just can't stop. As I  said I urge you to read it and hope you enjoy it as much as I did."
"Pretty good book. Nice plot, excellent description, I totally recommend it. Would have been nice to know a little more about the book before getting it, though through a bit of work on the internet, it's definitely possible to find out more on The Giver. Attached is a link in case anyone is wondering where to learn more:[...]However, the link is extremely informative so for anyone who doesn't want to know to much, don't go to this link.Pretty much, exciting, though sometimes a little bland, but for readers who want a nice bit of reading."
"The Giver, by Lois Lowry, has a great plot and supporting characters.  Jonas, a boy of 12, lives in a family unit in his community.  He serves as the main character who will question all of the rules he has known in his life.  This novel is like a combination of Brave New World and Wait till Helen Comes.  The themes of normal everyday life as we know it are broken by Lowry's great imagination.  If you enjoy a slight bit of fanasty and a relief from the norms, Lowry offers the Giver as a great reward.  This is one of the best novels I have ever read."
"This book was assigned reading for my college Library Science course.  I was very moved by the horrors that were common in this world and if we boil  it down it shows us what is going on in OUR world.  I would save this book  for Freshman or Sophomore high school students.  I think that not only are  some of the scenes very real and heartbreaking, but it requires a certain  maturity level to be able to understand what it is telling us.  If this  book doesn't inspire a strong desire for social change it has fallen on  ears unable to hear its message."
"I would  recomend  this book  to other kids because it talks about release and u probably wiil get feelings about this book because there is alot of graphic stuff in this book book i probaly would not  of recomended this book to othes kids  when i first started  reading  this book because I  had to get  used to this book before i recomded thois book  if u do not read this book u are missing out on the grest adventure in this book if u really like  this book u would like to buy the seqaul that just  come out in april the ""messanger"""
"The Giver was the best book ever!  Jonas, the main character, lives in a Utopian society where everything is perfect and his life is all well until he becomes ""a twelve"" and he is given the honor of upholding all of the community memories.  The Giver passes good and horrible memories to Jonas, that he will have to bear for the rest of his life.  Jonas becomes scared and he doesn't know what to do.  The Giver helps Jonas and throughout the book they become very close friends.  This book always keeps you interested, and you won't want to put it down!"
Jonas is a boy who lives in a very strict world. Every thing has it's right time nothing ever goes wrong. This book has a very boring beginning thats why I gave it three stars but after a little it becomes really good. Jonas is assigned to the most honored job in his community(Receiver of Memory) then he will have to face a very hard training where he face happenies and pain. I recommened this book because it will make you think a little and it is still very intresting. Just don't give up at the beginning because it is boring. Just keep on reading.
"Let me start by saying that in the fourth grade I ask the school librarian what book she recomended.  She told me The Giver.  I didn't really want to read the book, so I told her no.  Then, three years later, seventh grade, my teacher told us about The Giver, and it sounded really cool.  I read it in two days.  I couldn't put it down.  I was so overwelmed with the book I kept telling my mom about the book.  She had no clue to what I was saying.  I LOVED this book, and I'm really sorry that I didn't take it in the fourth grade when I got the chance."
"I think this book is the best book I have ever read in my life. But it is not that good. I liked it at the beginning, it was an interesting book.Until the end. When he goes on the sled and when what ever happened after that.I really don't think it should be banned from schools so what if Jonas has some feelings for Fiona. The one with the Needle and the kid maybe upsetting, everyone that can read this book they got to know about war.  I think This book is for people 10 year old or older.     "
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is a very enjoyable book. At first it can be very confusing but after the first few chapters you'll find yourself not being able to put it down. I would recommended this book for any one the age 10 and up. When you finish reading this book you'll be left with many questions and wanting more. The book takes place in a ""perfect"" community where ""pain"" doesn't occur. They all having the feeling of sameness so that they won't get hurt or be judged. This book is very good and well plotted you won't regret buying a copy to read!"
"This book was about a 12 year old boy, named Jonas, who lived in a utopian community.  Everything was decided for them. Their jobs, marriages, even children. These people didn't see colour, they didn't have real feelings about life. Every year when you turn 12 you would be assigned a role in the community. But this time Jonas was selected. He was to become the next Receiver of Memory. He would receive the memories of the past, which no one else would understand. These memories are painful and scary yet some are beautiful and mysterious.  ALT 7R"
"In a world where freedom and the past mean nothing, a young boy waits for his assignment.  Seeing through the memories that he had never known, he realizes that there was once color, animals, love, and war.  The community is blind.  They are told what to feel and how to live.  For anyone that loves the unreal, the things that could never happen, and the memories that make us human, this book delves into a blank mind.  It makes us realize that everybody is based on their past and their ability to change their own destiny.  This is an awesome book."
I read The Giver to my son when he was in fifth grade.  We both enjoyed it immensely.  I was glad to read this book to my son at that time because I could explain things to him throughout the story. He is now in eighth grade  and we still enjoy talking about Jonas and how he handled becoming The  Giver.  It is my all time favorite book.  I am an elementary teacher and  plan to read it to my class someday.  I have never read a book that moved  me as much as this one did.  Thank you Lois Lowry for writing such a  fasinating book that all can enjoy.
The giver was very good book but at the same time it was a little bit mysterious and frightening.  My favorite part of the book was betweeen Ch.13-15 when Jonas was selected as the giver and Jonas started going through his training lessons.  The sadest part of this book was when the narrator started transferring the memory of the elephant getting the tusk cut of of him I thought it was so cruel.  The character that I think I most would relate to is Fiona because she is very patient and  kind.  Over all I really had a fun time reading this book.
"The Giver was an exciting fiction novel that holds on to the reader until the very end. I liked it because it really let my imagination run wild between the characters and the setting. Since the setting was in a world totally opposite our own, it was hard to forsee what would happen next, or how concrete things really are. The only thing that I disliked about this book was that at the end there was a cliffhanger and the reader doesn't know what happens to the characters. Aside from that The Giver is a great book that I would recommend to anyone."
"This book had a great plot, and message context. I felt that this not only told the story but also showed it to me in my mind. It had a terrific beginning, which started, at a very crucial part of the life of the character in this certain place. The wording in the book was easily comprehended. I felt that through out the book it deserved a perfect rating, but i also felt that the ending was a tad bit plain. It needed to go further in depth of what was happening to everything around the character and the rest of the subjects through out the book."
"Lowry did a wonderful job at both creating a fantastic story while having a rarely thought about theme about how controlled and standardized should everyone life's be. Of course their should be some control, but how much? This story definately shows that too much is a bad thing. With shocking revelations,  numerous unexpected events, you can't put this book down. It has mostly realistic events and concepts, and excellent descriptions so it seems like the story could possibly happen in the future, which i hope never does. You must read this book!"
"I read this book for my children's literature class. It dealt with in depth issues involving our society, such as euthenasia, individuality, and more. The book has some very in depth issues so I would not recommend it  for anyone younger than 10th grade. As an adult and a mother I thought this  was an excellent book. I think even an adult could get a lot out of this  book. I commend Lois Lowry for her effort to deal with the tough issues  that face our society today."
"Over 60, I am definitely not the audience to which this author directed his work. I was fascinated by the concept, and can appreciate the care and effort Lowry gave to making a piece that could resonate with teenagers and perhaps younger individuals. Nevertheless, I was somewhat disappointed by the storyline, and felt that, for me, the dialogue was, how else to say it, rather juvenile and patronizing. In short, I would read this book for its provocative elements, but, again, for an older reader, I might have asked for a bit more sophistication."
"I think that ""The Giver"" was a very good book. It was well written and had a good meaning. In this book, Jonas shows a lot of courage and determination. He does not leave just for himself and Gabe; he leaves for the whole community.Some examples of courage were when he decided to leave the community. He had left his dwelling at night, taken a new child and had stolen food from the community. He knew that if he was caught, he would be condemed. That showed a lot of courage.He also showed determination by not giving up. He could have turned back any time and went back to the community, but he was determined. He knew what he had to do. 7.3AAM"
I think that The Giver is a good book because it talks about kids changing into adults. In the story at the end I think the message of the story is that the two boys are like brothers and when they leave town it is like they are leaving their house but at the end they return home safetly to the warmness of love and the goodness of returning home to your family after a long day and knowing that they are always there for you. I rate this book as a 4 because at some points it is confusing and at the end you feel like the story is incomplete. Also you wonder if you have been talking advantage of the things around us that we have that we should be glad for.
I think that The Giver is a good book because it talks about kids changing into adults. In the story at the end I think the message of the story is that the two boys are like brothers and when they leave town it is like they are leaving their house but at the end they return home safetly to the warmness of love and the goodness of returning home to your family after a long day and knowing that they are always there for you. I rate this book as a 4 because at some points it is confusing and at the end you feel like the story is incomplete. Also you wonder if you have been talking advantage of the things around us that we have that we should be glad for.
"I am 15 years old, and just finished reading this book in my class.  I first read this book when I was in fourth grade.  I can tell you now that this book isn't for anyone younger than myself.  It contains very graphic  scenes, and adult themes.  I believe this book was written for all those  people who criticize our world, they say that there is too much violence,  hatred, and racism.  After they read this book I promise that they will  realize that the perfect society, a utopian society isn't what it seems to  be, and that we are lucky with the world that we live in.  I enjoyed this  book very much, and I hope all of those who read will enjoy it to."
"The Gover written by Lois Lowry deserves three stars. This book gives you a lot to think about. At the beginning it can be boring and slow paced but then it gets very exciting. Jonas lives in a community where there is no  color and everything including your job and clothes are chosen for you.  JOnas, when he is twelve is given the job as the reciever of memory. He is  given memories by an old man-the giver. He gets memories of color, war  sledding and many other things. Jonas thinks the rest of the community  should have these memories too so he leaves the community. We are left with  many questions at the end of this book and it leaves you thinking."
GiverThe Giver was a very interesting book. I said this because the book was odd which would keep you interested in it. Some parts of the book were hard to understand and other parts of it were easy to understand. Most people thought that the book was weird but I thought it was really cool. The book told you about a world that is totally different. They had a lot of rules were we have some rules but not as many or as strict as theirs. I think in all the book was a very good book because it made you think and I like books that make you think a lot. I would suggest who ever is reading this paper I just wrote should read the giver.By Dan Coleman
"The book ""The Giver"" is an excellent book! I have read it twice, and I am not tired of it at all. In fact, I could probably read it over and over again, because there is so much emotion in it. When I read the book, I became overwhelmed at how society could become so uncaring, how all of the memories from the past could have been eliminated and forgotten. Sometimes, the society in the book didn't seem that far off from our society today, which is a little scary! I recommend this book to anyone who likes a good narrative story that is a little out there and that really makes you stop and think, ""Wow, could this really happen today?"""
"Lois Lowry's novel ""The Giver"" deals with the prolems which a perfect world -one without pain, hunger or diseases- might cause. I think that this is the most provoking book I have ever read. With echoes of ""Brave New World"", Lowry examines the idea that people might  freely choose to give up their humanity in order to create a more stable  society. The story is skillfully written and the theme of balancing the  values of freedom and security is convincingly presented. Lois Lowry steps  beyond the limits of the life we know and develops new concepts never  thought of before. Skillfully she brings the latter into the reader's mind."
"I really liked this book, however I felt that there were some parts that were too vague. This took away from the development of the scenery and overall plot. I thought this because the story did not have much  description about the scenery so every time there was anything about  scenery it was amazing, but there was not enough detail for a person to be  able to imagine what the place looked like in her mind. On the other hand  the overall story was wonderful the characters were well developed and the  suspense was well created.  Like the memory of the poachers and the  elephant and the elephant's mate. Another example would be the memory of  warfare."
"It is my personal belief that this book should be held in the hands of every child at least once, after they have read it then when they are older say fourteen, they will gain a new appreciation of the world as i have. We are at the blend of a utopia and the wild cold of the wilderness, we have food yet we also have emotions, we have order, and with that comes chaos. This book has changed me, and i am certain it is for the better. If everyone would read this captivating tale and made to truly understand it, then the amount of crime and complaining would decrease and life will become a PERFECT blend of chaos and order, surviving and living. Thank you"
"The Giver is an excellent book and I would recomend it to everyone.  This book is about a young boy who lives in a world where there are no decisions or choices.  Their jobs are chosen for them at the age of twelve and Jonas, the main character,  is chosen to be the Receiver.  Only one person is chosen to be the receiver.  What Jonas learns about the world where people can make decisions is extremely painful, but also joyous.  Find out about why Jonas experiences these feelings and what happens to him next by reading the Giver, an awesome book!"
"The Giver is a very inspirational book.It makes you think about how things would be if we lived like Jonas and his family, and the rest of the community.  I would recommend this book to you because its  different and interesting. I liked the book at sometimes because there was  a part when you turned the age of twelve you would be assinged jobs of  different areas of the community such as the Giver, Caretaker of the old,  and there were many others but I am not going to give those things away.  I liked the book and I hope that you will too."
"I found this book a very interesting story. I especially liked the way the world in which Jonas lived in was displayed. It was a sad story, because you could see the frustration that Jonas was having, yet you knew that  almost no-one could help him. The giver himself was a kind gentleman but it  was hard for Jonas to get through to him. You felt for Jonas and the giver,  because of the secluded world that they would have to live in. This book  touched my heart and I thank Lois Lowry for writing such an inspiring story  for young adult readers."
"I thought that the book was great. My class read it for a project and we all loved it. I, including the rest of the students, read ahead of the schedule because we couldn't wait the extra day to see what happened.  Although, at some spots of the book, it seems a little non-informative, it  is still a great book. I would incourage everyone to read this book. You  can sometimes predict what will happen but anyone would like it. At first,  I thought that it was far-fetched, but it speeds up and you get caught in  the book. I couldn't put it down."
"The Giver is an excellent book, in my opinion.  It is about a  twelve-year-old boy named Jonas who  lives in a supposedly perfect world-no  color, no feelings, no changes or decisions of any kind.  Spouses and jobs  are chosen by the commitee.  Jonas is chosen to receive the memories of the  past, of happiness and pain, of feelings and color.  When he learns of the  past, he finds he cannot live how he lives, with no emotions or feelings,  so he decides to set off on a mission to free himself-and his  community-from the world with no feelings."
"This book is still one of my favorites. I recently finshed reading Brave New World and I began to make comparisons between the two. I believe that Brave New World had a much better premise and scope of a possible future, even though it was written in 1932, but The Giver is the better book. The Giver is great for the fact that it has so much meaning in just a few pages and just seems more like the kind of utopia I can see in the future. I recommend it for anyone too young to read Brave New World, and to the majority of people who have read BNW."
"My son read this book in school ages ago and I found it one day on the kitchen table.  I started reading it and couldn't put it down. I didn't finish it then because my soon needed it to complete his book review. I bought it on Kindle now, at a different age in my life, and was blown away by its applicability to the modern digital age we live in now. The dystopian world created by Lois Lowry is full of surprises, but the most impactful surprise is the value of emotion and memories. I highly recommend this book to anyone over the age of ten."
"I did not want to read this as a child, as I suffered from severe anxiety as a kid.  Now that I have coping mechanisms as an adult, I decided to try this book again.  It is so beautifully written, Lowry's style creates vivid imagery and great connections between reader and characters.  I had strangers comment to me about how the book I was reading must be good because my facial reactions showed I was truly engaged.  I highly recommend this book for any adult.  As a teacher, I would recommend this for 13 or 14 year olds through high school."
"""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry is an insightful novel that gives us the perspective--what would happen if there were no feelings? What if there was no pain? What if there was no happiness or passion? The world would live in a utopia, but would it really be worth it? The novel follows a boy named Jonas who discovers feelings, but everyone around him remains neutral. He wants to show them pain, happiness, warfare, fear, passion. But, such things could ruin the utopia. The novel really gives you a grateful feeling that you can experience feelings."
Hi my name is Howard and I just read this book in 6th grade and it was the best. It explained what a community might be like in the futur or it waas in thepast. I have read this book over and over because it was so good. I would give you wat it was about but you should read it yourself and most  probably enjoy it. You have a blast reading it. Go have a blast. If you had  to do a book report or something like that you should trake this book so  instead of sad because its homework don't be sad because it is the best  book you can ever  read.
"The book ""the giver"" is a wonderful book, it is enchanting, and makes you think about the good things about what this life gives us. In this book there is a boy named Jonas who has to go through a transmitting of memmories because the commitee of elders would need help sometimes and would need advice, Jonas now gets to be able to understand birthday parties, and other wonderful things while others are not as wonderful.  he also has to see things that are horrible, while all of the other people in his community are going through sameness, and don't have choices, and colors and rudeness or even holidays, I would recommend this book absolutely."
"The Giver was an ok book. Althogh it was not the type of book I usally read it was good to get a change. Most people in our class thought it was a bad book  or didnt even read it. Me, I thought the book was pretty good. There were some parts of the book that I just did not like alltoghter like going into sameness or ""releasing""(better know as killing)  the twin and old people. Yet there were some things in the book I think our goverment should look at. Such as no more world hunger and no more war. That would be awesome! Weel although I liked the book I can only give it 3 stars but I would recommend it to anyone who wants something diffrent."
"I found that The Giver quite amusing. The Giver is about a community not an ordinary community this community is so called perfect. This book is about a kid named Jonas.(Every year they have an assembly and all of the people(s) birthdays are all on the same day.)This last assembly Jonas received a job Jonas had been selected.  Jonas is a very important person in this book. I really liked the book except for the end because it really stumped me did he die ?, or did he live? If you want to red this phenomenal book that is rated to all ages than I guess this book is the book.I found this book the best I ever read. I rate this 4.75 stars."
"I had heard about this book for years but I had never read it. People always talked about it like it was a forbidden fruit or a masterpiece. The question always was, ""Should children read this story?"" I finally  had a chance to read it! I found the story to be very intriguing. It makes  you think about the ""what ifs"" that could happen in our future.  The author pulls you into Jonas's world by involving you in the memories  that The Giver passes on to him. Children should be briefed on the story  and its elements before reading this book. I think it would be appropriate  for middle school children. A teacher from Michigan."
"I started reading The Giver because my dad said I had to read for 2 hours before I could go on my computer. My teacher recomended it so I went to the library to get it. And wow! I did NOT make a mistake in reading it! The Giver is a book the may seem like fantasy (because it partially is) but its not like the magical world of Harry Potter type fantasy. The world that Jonas (an almost twelve) lives in is one without love, crime, warfare, and feeling. Sameness has taken over. Jonas's community is the only place he knows about. But with the help of the Giver he realizes there is elsewhere.This book is one of the best books ever! READ IT!"
"The Giver was a great book by Lois Lowry.  It is a story about a community where all of the memories are held by one person ""The Reciever"".  ""The Reciever"" is becomming older and so he needs to train a new  reciever.  Jonas is honored with this posistion.  Jonas starts to recieve  the memories from the reciever who is now called ""The Giver"".  Jonas feels that the community is missing out on many exciting things that  only ""The Giver"" and him can experience.  Jonas and ""The  Giver"" decide on a plan to give the community back the memories.  You  have to read the book to find out what happens."
"Wow. Really great book. And great warning. Also super-heavy. Too heavy for under 10...or12.  Your kid may be quite mature and understand quantum physics, quarks and recite pi to the 79th decimal but he isn't ready for this. Heck, the main character, a 12 year-old isn't ready for it.  (Spoiler alertish) No one is ready for a very graphic explanation of a child seeing his father murder an infant (and Dad doesn't really seem to mind at all) - creeeeepy, nightmare material, wish-I-could-wave-my-hands-and-snap-my-fingers-and-unread-this material. Nope this is for you, not your kid. Can't wait to see the movie, which I WON'T be taking my kid to."
"After seeing this book on reading list for years and years I finally purchased a copy and read it. It is disturbing and makes you take a hard look at your beliefs and values. It is scary to think of a society without love and joy--without choice. This shows you how that might look like. There is a scene three-quarters of the way into the book that turns into a pivotal moment for the MC that was so upsetting to me. I see why it is on reading lists for teens, it is very provocative and would be interesting to hear youth discuss. I recommend it to everyone who can read! Will be interesting to see how they work it all out in the upcoming film."
"Must read!  This will always be a favorite book in our home.  Lowry marries the Brave New World with a children's book so that younger readers can enjoy and understand, without some of the topics that are not appropriate for younger readers found in Brave New World.  The story may be disturbing to sensitive young readers so I would recommend parents research the topics covered briefly (or read it yourself) before handing it over to the kids.  However, I believe that it is a fantastic book that should be read by everyone; especially, if you understand the underlying points for books such as Brave New World, 1984, Animal Farm, and the like."
Firstly I want to say that the book gives me a very horrifying impression. The shown sameness seams unbelievable to me. I cant imagine a life like this in the novel The Giver. The novel motivated to think about our own life and that it is not naturally to be an individual. In contrast to the people in the community we can make our own decisions and can choose for example our own job. Furthermore we can live where or with which person we want. Finally I can say that I wont live in a community like the one shown in the novel. But those people in the novel didnt know anything else.  I want to mention that anybody should read this book.
"In the book my favorite part was the escape. I thought it was neat how you described war, it made me feel like I was there. You were very descriptive in describing how thirsty the boy on the battlefield was. The saddest part was when baby Gabe was about to freeze to death.  It would wonderful if you wrote a sequel. I really liked your book a lot. The sequel should be about what happens to Jonas and Gabe. It should also be about what happens to the community and the Giver.  P.S.  PLEASE WRITE A SEQUEL!!!!!!!!!!!"
"I read this book as a freshman in high school, which was last year.  Most of the novels I wind up reading in English class wind up being boring or not to my interest, I thought it was going to be the same when my teacher handed it out to my class, but I was wrong this book kept me reading and reading as no book has before.  I would have given it a 10 if not for alot of the parts of the book had me confused and I had to go back and read it over again.  Overall I really enjoyed it and recommend it to all Freshmen. Thank You-Ryan Cox"
The book is great.It really makes you think about a perfect society.When you first start the book you think about there is no freedom and how you never would want one.then the more you get into the book you think about  how the elders spend so much time choosing the your job and how suited it  is to you.They have ritual ceremonies and everything is the same and there  is no hate or crime and death is all because of natural causes not suicide  or murder.
"A highly relevant & well crafted work of Y.A. & above 'Social Science Fiction' literature.  As the proverb or aphorism goes:The road to hell is paved with good intentions. This novel shows how a social engineered hell can seem like 'home' to one who has never known anything 'other'. The author creates characters & situations that will reveal a little of both. A supremely thought provoking Trilogy. This is the 1st of that set. I'd recommend these books to anyone who wants to resist becoming part of any social ""collective""."
"SPOILER ALERTHigh interest book for middle grade readers. Some sensitive issues are covered, opening up opportunities for dialog and discussion about euthanasia, socialism, etc. If you have a reluctant reader in your family, this book may be worth looking at. My son is a reluctant reader, even with a higher than average reading level for his age. This was one of the few books he has read without a lot of nagging. However, the topics contained in this book would not make it suitable for a kid under the age of about 10 or 12."
"If I didn't have to read this book for a class I would have read three pages and put it back on the shelf.  After reading it and and understanding the message the author was trying to send I realized that the book was a nice little bit of literature.  It put across to me that all of the little differences in the world should be celebrated, not shunned.  All of the little things in life aren't appreciated, and I think Lois Lawry is trying to tell us to wake up and look around at all of the beauty in our world before we destroy it."
"The Giver is an excellent book. It is not the best book for younger readers. I did not understand it at first. Then I got with the picture. It is about a young boy who is about to get his job. Then he finds out he has the most important job in the community. He is told he would receive  extreme pain. He was very worried until he started. It turned out he just  had to receive memories. Some were very painful. He turns out enjoying it.  It is a confusing, but excellent book. I think older people would like it.  I really enjoyed it."
"Lois Lowry`s ""The Giver""is a very interesting book.We had read it in School and analysed it. We find out that the novel is sometimes difficult to understand for the reader,because the author often uses abstract words and we didn`t nothing about the future like this.I find the  book fantastic , because you get knowledge how the life could be in the  future. You can take  part the main persons life.But I think that the end  of the book doesn`t fit the story. So we write a new end about the new life and feelings of  Jonas."
"This book is about a boy name Jonas who lives in a community without poverty, and always had been given a certain career at the age of 12. Although Jonas has been selected as The Receiver and this the most  important job in his community so he knew he had to do it right. He knew it  wouldn't be easy because ten years ago a female had been  chosen for the  same thing and had failed. He knew it would have some enjoyment  , but also  have some pain involved so he had ot be brave. Will Jonas fail or will he  become the next Receiver?"
"I had to read this book for school. What I expected was a dull and boring book but, what I got is much different. I've never read a book like this before. When you start reading it the author slowlys starts to draw a  picture of what this place is like and made me wonder is this what could  happpen in the future? It isn't such a bad idea in someways. But, I not  saying I would want this to happen.  After reading this book is still  making me think. I think if your taking this much to read these reviews you  should read the book."
"Hi,I'm Mary Anne Vallee from Cadillac Middle School in Michigan. I'm in Mrs.Bartelson's seventh grade english class. We have read your  books Number the Stars and The Giver.Number  the Stars is a really awesome book. I think it's better than The Giver. That book left me confused.Iwas wondering if you were going to write another  book that explains what happens to Jonas and Gabe.It was discusting when Ifound out what ''Release'' meant. But anyway, I just wanted to tell you  that I thought you were a really cool author."
"I read this novel as a required text in a childrens' literature class.  I was completely absorbed.  I can actually envision our society moving in that direction, the direction of ""oneness"".  It seems that the more we strive to be individuals in this country, the more we are  criticized for being different.  One too many people think individual  choices are bad, and that if others just did things ""my way"", the  world would be a better place.  I think this novel is an eye opener. It is  a ""must read""."
"I really enjoyed this book, even though I am almost 67 years old.  I realize it's meant for young adults, but I found it incredibly interesting and can relate it to my life in many ways, and also to our world.  I'm glad it's a series and have been reading all the books that followed book 1.  It is a little depressing and frightening at times, but that's the nature of the story.  I would highly recommend it to young adults and older and senior adults who are interested in comparing the world today to what happens in these books."
"Many of you have seen the movie, and as awesome as it was, I PROMISE you there is sooo much more depth on the book. Lowry has taken the dystopian genre in a whole knew direction with the Giver (as well as the rest of the quartet), and it is definitely worth a read. From the very first chapter, I was able to put myself in Jonas's shoes...to feel what he was feeling as he evolved (quite literally) into the hero he was destined to be. Do yourself a favor, READ the book. It is worth a thousand movies, even one as good as The Giver."
"I recommend this book because the author, Lois Lowry, wrote it with great detail describing everything and putting a picture in your head. The book is about a boy named Jonas, he is 11 3/4 years old. In the place he lives, his community has a ceremony for when you become twelve. You get assigned a permanent job that you have to keep. Jonas is worried about what job he will get and none of the jobs seem quite right for him. The only bad part of the book is the ending seems sped up and rushed, but overall the book is a good book."
"I recommend this book because the author, Lois Lowry, wrote it with great detail describing everything and putting a picture in your head. The book is about a boy named Jonas, he is 11 3/4 years old. In the place he lives, his community has a ceremony for when you become twelve. You get assigned a permanent job that you have to keep. Jonas is worried about what job he will get and none of the jobs seem quite right for him. The only bad part of the book is the ending seems sped up and rushed, but overall the book is a good book."
I really got onto this book and thought big exciting things were going to happen but nothing did. This book had potential and I really wanted more out of this book. The ending left me totally disappointed. I wanted to know what happened to Jonas and Gabe! I was so excited to buy book two and see what happened to them but book two has NOTHING to do with book one. This is not a series and should not have been called one. I would not recommend this book to anyone. Leaves you hanging with no finish. I HOPE THE MOVIE HAS AN ENDING!
"This was a great book for those who are analyzing people and their society.  It gives a good example of our society's flaws, even when the world seems perfect.  It makes you realize that perfection is not always desirable.  Another book that you might enjoy reading is Kurt Vonnegut JR's ""Welcome to the Monkey House."" This is a collection of short stories highlighting Vonnegut's satirical outlook on mankind. The short story ""Harrison Bergeron"" reflects the same theme, but in a more dramatic, pessimistic way."
"You should read this book! It is suspenseful and it keeps you reading. It is mostly about a boy who lives in a community of sameness and wants a change.  Weather control, no color, everything must be perfect. This book will show how good we have or life and will make you think what if our world become like his? What would it be like? How would it make you feel if your life was run for you, you had no choices, and you shared a birthday with hundreds of other people? Read this book and see what it's like in a world of sameness."
"The Giver is a very interesting and inspiring book. It's about a boy named Jonas living in a community that is perfect. This community has no feelings, nor colours. Jonas has been chosen to be the Receiver of Memory on his 12th birthday and discovers the real world of pain, the feelings and learns all the colours. Lois Lowry's creative mind touched me, with her amazing story. This book leaves you with a surprising ending. I strongly recommend this to all the readers out there who love to read and children from ages 10 and up."
"The Giver is a great book. It allows a person to stretch their imagination, and step into a futuristic world. This is a great book for everyone to read! I read this book when I was 13, and I just read it again at the age of 18, and I enjoyed as much the second time as I did the first!  Reading this book will make you feel fortunate to live in a free, liberal, open society. I bet you have never thought what the world would be like with out color, or music, or even love. This book will help your mind wonder into a place where none of these things exist.  I highly recommend The Giver to anyone looking to read a great book!!"
"When I taught 5th grade I read every Newbery Medal and Newbery Honor book I could find. I read many to my classes. The Giver was a perennial class favorite and, in my opinion, the best of the Newbery novels.Lois Lowry creates a compelling dystopian society in The Giver that is an awesome introduction for young readers into the stark possibilities humanity faces as it attempts to better itself. Ripe with discussion points, The Giver is without parallel as a class reading project.The Giver is a must-read for book lovers of all ages, and could well make a book lover out of even the most unenthusiastic reader!"
"It was interesting, but I hate getting to the end of a book and still not knowing how it ended.  That kind of defeats the purpose and leaves me unsatisfied.  I know, it's supposed to be left up to my interpretation and imagination.  But I use my imagination and interpretation for stories that I make up.  If I were just going to have to make up my own ending, I may as well just make up my own story.  No, when I read somebody else's stories, I want to know the story he/she wrote and the ending he/she decided.The book would have been much better with a real conclusion.  Not just a little hint, a mystery that I can never solve."
"I didn't really like the book until it got to chapters 11 'til the end.  To me it was a really boring but exciting book at the same time from the beginning to the end. I thought that the comunity was really dumb, I don't think that the community should have gone to Sameness. Jonas was my favorite character.  At the beginning of the book, I thought that the title didn't go along with what everything was talking about, but once you got to chapter 11 it started to make since. At the end I thought it got real exciting. It makes me wonder if the world will/could ever be like the small community. If it ever is then it will be very bad."
"The Giver, by Lois Lowry, was an excellent book.  It gave a lot of insight into what the world would be like if there was no love, and a rule and role for everyone in the community.  The main character, Jonas, is a young boy at the age of 12.  He is a typical boy, who loves to play with his friends, and is very bored of school.  When he gets chosen for his specific job in the community at the Ceremony of Twelve, it was no surprise.  Jonas's best friend, Asher, is a very loveable, carefree character; so much so that it almost makes the reader sorry for him because he cannot love.  I would recommend this book to people of all ages."
"The Giver was an extraordinary book of a boy named Jonas and how he learned much from memories of the past. Jonas lives in a perfect community where everyone is the same and there is a guarantee for a safe life. Your  jobs are picked for you, as well as your spouse, dwelling and children.  Jonas was selected at a special ceremony to be the receiver of memory. What  this title means is that Jonas receives memories of the past in order to  advise the councel on important decisions. From these memories Jonas learns  of different times when things weren't so perfect. And he decides that he  must try to make the world like that again."
"My memories of reading this book as a child are quite similar to the fading memories of Jonas as he reached his ""Elsewhere"", but I always remembered it being my favorite book. Now, 15 years later, it has all come full circle and I've once again journeyed to Jonas' world of sameness. Remarkably, I can still say it is my favorite. In this world, I truly feel like Jonas, witnessing apathy and fear of change. I can now truly understand Jonas' anger about the fact that others cannot see ""beyond"". The Giver had a profound impact on me as a child and now as an adult. I will always hold this story very close to my heart."
"Spoiler Alert********************************I loved the first book, The Giver, which won a book award until I reached the inconclusive ending.  Did the main character die??? was the thought running through my head.  Similarly, I was confused by the ending of the second book which seemed completely unrelated to the first book in the quartet.Thankfully, Lois Lowry ties everything together in the 3rd and 4th books.I think that she was very creative with the fantasy part of her story and also with the different lifestyles/cultures in the various societies.Fascinating read!"
"The Giver is an excellent book.  It contains thrilling events, suspense, and leaves the reader curious of what is soon to be discovered.  The Giver flows with details describing every motion or breath taken by a charater.  I like this book, The Giver, for several reasons.  For instance, the book always comes up with something new.  At the end of each chapter, there is some suspense.  Furthermore, the book makes me think of how good our life is and how perfection is an error.  Finally, the detail is helpful when attempting to virtually picture the image.  As you can see, The Giver is a splendid book, and I recommend it to anyone."
"The Giver was good literature; it had lots of interesting details, lots of description, and full of feelings. It had lots of interesting details when it told about each memory that The Giver gave to Jonas. It had lots of description when it said, that the Giver was going to give Jonas a memory of the war. They give a good description of it, they talk about the blood, guns and people dying. It was full of feelings when it said that Jonas asked his parents if they loved him. One quote was, "" Do you love me?"" Jonas said. His parents said that love doesn't exist anymore. As a result, The Giver is a good example of good literature."
"Very good book about a siotie of people who fallow the rules (or laws) of there communtie. One of there rules consiste o ""No taking apple home from the receation center"". Also at every ago you get something or something taken away like: At age 8 you start your commity hours. Also at age 12 you get an assment (job), and need to start training the falling week.  The story mainly takes place around one kid. This kid turns 12 and, gets a rare assment that requirs much training. The giver, his assment, is one of a kind. Only one person at a time can be it."
"THE GIVER is an edge of your seat reader, which will not alllow you to put it down. It is a book in which describes the life of a 12 year old boy, who lives in a future community with his family unit. He is assigned a job which is one among the community, and he is trained by the giver.The community in which this excellent book takes place in, has climate control, where it is never hot, and it is never cold. The've never seen rain;the've never seen snow. Read and find out about this good but bad, adventrous story, and like I said;you will never want it to end."
"Jonas lives in his community not knowing how wonderful the world could be. As a reciever of memories he slowly gets to know the qualities that a community could have and realizes how boring and miserable the perfectly  controlled community is. Now he tries to find the Elsewhere and wants to  reach a better world. Apart from that, this book leaves open a lot of  questions, for example: ""Who created this community?"" and the  important one, What happens to Jonas?"" Summing up it was an exciting  book and I recommend it to every person of every age."
"This was one of the best books I've ever read.It was so...I don't know how to describe it, but Jonas's world was so organized and orderly. It's fun reading about something so apart from our world. I felt sad the people  couldn't feel emotion because it feels kind of wrong but I'm glad Jonas got  to feel emotions like love. And the part where I learned About  ""release"" made me so angry that they were doing that to innocent  people and I felt wonderful when Jonas and Gabriel found Elsewhere.The book  was so touching and that's why I gave it Five Stars."
"I felt that it was a cool book and was very creative.  I now feel that I can appreciate my life more, because I know how much worse it could be.  I liked it becasue it was original and now I know how bad our past and  present are very painful and this is going to effect our future  generations.  It taught me that we should try to make our environment a  better place for us and the people of the next generation.  I alos liked  the ending because it left you hanging.  Some people don't appreciate that,  but I do because it can leave the rest to your imagination."
"I love this book, it is such a short read but soo great. I love the story, love the way it unfolds, and love the ending (though I pretend that they actually died on the journey though we find out this is untrue in the messenger)I really like Lois Lowry as an author. Her stories are so original and she tells them so well. Most of the books that I read resemble dictionaries so it is nice to go back to this, or of mice and men and remember that a really amazing story can be told, and have a profound effect on you, in fewer pages than you might think necessary."
I would tell people about this story b/c its a good boo it shows what the world could be if we had sameness.But I think most people I told them about it they wouldnt really like it b/c of the release part b/c everyone would just want to die of old age.But some I think some really wouldnt understand b/c they don't have kids.But if they did I think they would dislike the book.So I would tell them about the book.But to certain people NOT all people i know b/c they wouldnt enjoy it but yet agan some people would enjoy it but at the same time dislike it at times!.
"This is one of the best books i've ever read, Lowry's imagination is incredible. this is a book like no other, it's set in a totally different world, probably the future as Lowry sees it. This is a very unique book, there aren't many like it, or as good. It's a story about a boy who lives in a strange, utopian (rather wanna-be-utopian) society and is faced with many problems. Even though his problems are totally different than ours, you can really realate to him, it makes you think of our world from a different perspective.I STRONGLY RECOMEND THIS BOOK!!!"
"I liked the book Giver by: Lois Lowery because it made you have to think. The story is about a boy named Jonas who lives in a Utopian Society. A Utopian Society is a community where everything is perfect with no war or fear. Also, everyone is assigned a role. When Jonas turns 12, he gets assigned to become the new Reciever of Memory. He has no idea of the pain and pleasure that comes ahead.  I recommend this book to anyone who likes an adventurous and thoughtful story. You might also like this story if you want to read something new or different."
"I liked the book Giver by: Lois Lowery because it made you have to think. The story is about a boy named Jonas who lives in a Utopian Society. A Utopian Society is a community where everything is perfect with no war or fear. Also, everyone is assigned a role. When Jonas turns 12, he gets assigned to become the new Reciever of Memory. He has no idea of the pain and pleasure that comes ahead.  I recommend this book to anyone who likes an adventurous and thoughtful story. You might also like this story if you want to read something new or different."
"This is very good and well-written. It is very descriptive and when I read it, I felt like I was the main character. In this book, there is a community that has no fear, no pain, no memory striving for perfection. But there is one character willing to risk his life to change others. Throughout this book, the main character, Jonas, discovers many lies. I would recommend this book to anyoune age 10 and up. And if you like this book, you should read ""Number The Stars"", also by Lois Lowry, and you should read ""The City Of Ember"", and ""The people of Sparks"" all by Jeanne DePru."
"I thought this was an excellent book. I liked that the story line didn't seem to be recycled from any other source; it seemed quite original. The book was well-written, although it did wander off a tiny bit at the end--which is to say, the last part of the book was written with less detail, as though the writer was in a hurry. I am looking forward to reading the other books in the Quartet, although when I read the summary of the second book it didn't appear to be closely tied to this one--I might find out that I'm wrong, though, when it comes available through my library."
"Not being an avid reader, I was drawn to the Giver more by its cover than by its reputation.  However, having read the book, I would definitely say that it is extremely profound, and worthwile for everyone to read.  I am disappointed to hear the bad reviews from younger readers of this book, and I am disappointed to hear that it is being used in younger curriculums, as I think the deeper meaning of the book is being lost.  I am a fan of books that make you think and question, and if you enjoy authors like Vonnegut (my personal favorite) you should not pass over this book."
"I am thirteen years old and in the 8th grade.  I really love the Giver, even though I read it two years ago!  It was very compelling and interesting, and it never became slow.  There were unexpected turns in the plot at random spots, which I love.  And though the ending was different, it was a unique ending for a unique book; a ""happily-ever-after"" ending would dillute this type of novel.  Although I enjoyed the Giver immensly, I feel a sequel would dillute it.  To me, the ending preserves the readers right to make choices, which was the main theme in the Giver."
"This is a wonderful novel.  I am giving it to my godchild, who is turning 13 this year.I read this novel years ago and recently reacquainted myself with it.  I taught 5th grade for many years and this novel was a favorite in many of my classes.  I would use it during read aloud time in my classes.  The language was a bit advanced for my students, but they became wrapped up in the story and a lot of them checked out the novel from our library to read it after we finished it as a class.  There is something about a good book that makes you want to re-visit it again!"
"This book was recommended by a 14 year old who does not like to read. She had to read it for school.  She really liked it and wanted me to read it. Because of this I gave this book a 5 Star rating. I had previously read ""Number the Stars"" by this same author and found the book to be amazing. A book that all young people should read. It took me a second start to finish this book. I felt it was well written but as a much older adult it did not really appeal to me. It will give my young friend and I the opportunity to talk about a very important topic.Review by J Matthews"
"I read this for the first time when I was in Junior High School and instantly fell in love with it.  It's the story of the perfect society where you do not know pain, affliction, color or what life really was.  In this society everything is assigned to you.  From who your parents are, your family, your jobs everything.  Jonas however is a special one as he is called to know what life really is like as he is to bear the burdens of the world so others would not have to.  So join Jonas as he receives the good and bad from the giver and learns what the world is really about."
"The Giver is one of the first books I read in school that truly got me interested in reading. Going back and revisiting the world as an adult is just as powerful, even more so than as a child. Lois Lowry presents a world that is squeaky clean and happy while simultaneously dismal and depressing. The slow revelations of what a character says versus what they mean paints a grim reality of a world that doesn't know any better.If you haven't read The Giver, do so. If you have, find someone who hasn't and have them read it. Do not go to the movie as a substitute."
"As a teacher I have a passion for sharing my love of literacy with my students. That makes it extremely hard when my own daughters does not LOVE  to read as much as mommy does! Therefore I am always looking for great reads to encourage my young daughter to read. Reading The Giver with her brought back all of the joy that I had when reading the book as a fourth grader. I was able to have deep philosophical, spiritual, and ethical discussions with my little girl and share great piece of literature with her at the same time! LOVED IT, even more as a parent than as a child!"
"What if your whole world was all the same with no differences. That's how Jonas world is. His whole world changes, when he becomes the Receiver. Jonas' story is very compelling because he has been given the most honorable task in the community. But he feels scared and nervous. The ending is very exciting because the author leaves the story open about what truly happens. This is a great book that you won't forget that you've read it. It is one of my favorite books because once you've read the first one you have to read the next two. I would strongly recommend this book."
"""The Giver"" is a novel about a boy who lves in a colorless, same community; Where 1 female and 1 male child are assigned to a family unit, and 12 year olds are assigned jobs for the rest of their lives. Jonas is  ""selected"" specially as ""Reciver of Memory"" and is  transmitted memories of the old world such as snow, color, and sunshine.  Jonas is inpired to venture out of the community and find the real world. I  really liked this book, though the ending is abrupt.  Lois Lowry's best  masterpiece!"
"If you like to read about Science Fiction then this is the book for you.  In the great world where Jonas lives everytime you have a birthday you get a different opportunity, but on your 12th birthday you get a job and you start to train.  Jonas is 12 and can't wait to get his job, but before this happens he starts to see things that other people can't see.  When it is his turn to get his career he is given the job of the giver, or holder of memories.  What happens next? That's where your job to find out!!!"
The Giver is about the character Jonas. He gets a special job. He gets to learn the history of the world. He learns to be happy and know what realist means. The village people all have the same color of eyes and hair. There are scientists that make every color of eyes. The village people don't have cars they use bikes and they get them when they are 9 years old. They don't live in a city. They live in a village. I really enjoy the book. I would recommend this book to people that like science fiction.
"A perfect world, wow! My book is called the Giver it is by Louis Loury. The Publisher is Bantam DoubleDay Dell Publishing Group Inc. It was published in 1994. It is a must read! Jonas lives in a perfect world. He is 12 and an easy going person. In this world there is no color no joy and most of all no love. He has to bring these things upon them so he leaves the community. If you like fantasy, I am sure you will like The Giver. In the end he leaves for elsewhere. 10 to Adult would enjoy this book. Mostly a boy but it varies."
"The Giver, a fiction book, was written by Louis Lowery. The main character in this book is Jonas, he is a 11 year old soon to be 12. The community that Jonas lives in has no weather, everyone dresses the same, the people  live in a strict society in which they control everything.Jonas is faced  with many conflicts which he faces and overcomes. Louis Lowery keeps  everything in the same state of mind, nothing changes from the conflicts to  the setting. I think the way this book was well written and you should read  this book."
"The Giver was an amazing book, I thought. Once I started reading this book I couldn't put it down. This book is about a boy, named Jonas, who is entering the community as a new adult. This boy is running into many problems, such as pain or release. The pain is horrible, so can he take it? I think if more people in our society read this book we would cherish our world, and all the colours within it. If there was a sequel to The Giver I would definitely read it! Elsa 7R"
"The Giver was an amazing book, I thought. Once I started reading this book I couldn't put it down. This book is about a boy, named Jonas, who is entering the community as a new adult. This boy is running into many problems, such as pain or release. The pain is horrible, so can he take it? I think if more people in our society read this book we would cherish our world, and all the colours within it. If there was a sequel to The Giver I would definitely read it! Elsa 7R"
"The novel The Giver by Lois Lowry is a good book.I think that the Giver is a good book because it gives lots of details and illustons about the charactors and the comunity.  In the the beginig of the Giver there is  a boy named Jonas.Jonas is a special boy and has the abillaty to ""SEE  BEYOND"". Forinstance at one time he saw the apple change latter on the  book he learnd that he had started to see colar.  I liked the book and  I hope someone who reades this papper will read the book and enjoy it as  much as I did."
"Lois Lowry's The Giver, is a wonderful book that describes an awful future where everything is the same due to ""sameness"". The main character Jonas is just an ordinary person of 11 until the ceremony of 12, then his whole life changes. I would totally recommend this book to someone whose an adult or at least very mature. This book makes you think and can touch you if you've experienced enough, i  know it has for me. This book would get a 5 star rating from me, because it's that good, i hope you thoroughly enjoy this book."
"The giver was probally the best book. It is about a young boy named Jonas who is going to be the reciever. Jonas's world is plain. There is no color, differences, and you are assigned a job when you are 12. There is no birthdays or holidays. Their only holiday is when the anouncer says it is an uninspected holiday. It means that you do not have to go to school, work, or no traning hours. When Jonas goes to the Annex room everyday he gets memorys from long ago. You should read this book! I do not want to tell you any more!!"
GIVER The giver was an exciting book to read.  It was a little weird at some times because the culture in the giver is not the same as our culture.  I liked the book because it made you want to keep reading it.  I also did not like the book in some parts of it because there was no action.  The culture in giver had lots of rules that we don't have in our culture.  In our culture we have the freedom to do almost what ever we want.  In the giver they aren't even allowed to travel to another community.By Will lindner
This book makes me think about many things. When I read this book I wanted to know how the author got the ideas to write. The society in the story is perfectly controlled. It is somthing we do not have in the real world. This  story takes place in the future. That is also interesting to think about.I  liked this book. I would like to read it again some day and think about  what happened at the end of the story. It might change my opinion about the  ending. I am curious to know what the other readers think about the ending.
"I found the premise really intriguing and the writing was good. I was drawn into the story and it held my interest. I gave the book 3 stars because the ending was . . . awkward, abrupt, clumsy even. I realize it's the first installment of a trilogy, and I have not read the next two books. But, it seemed like a longer book had been chopped up into smaller books for no good reason (except, perhaps, to sell more short books _ instead of one longer one).  I have not yet decided if I will read the next two books in the series."
"This is a book written for kids (but it also resonates powerfully to adults. I read this once as a kid, and then again a couple of years ago. It had as profound of a effect on me the second read as the first. This place seems like a lovely utopia, but there's subtle signs that this utopia is flawed, such as the kids' occasional complaints about the rules or Jonas' own feelings of unease as time goes on. This is simply one unforgettable book that is immensely thought-provoking, with an ending that will leave you wondering."
"Why I liked The Giver.The story was fiction and I like fiction stroies. When I first read it was like I was reading about a new culture that was just discovered. In class we compared the book on how there culture was different from ours. The book was very interesting because every night when I read the book it got more interesting by the mintue. Some parts of the story was confusing, sad and good. Unlike Park's Quest which was very confusing The Giver was more exciting and scary. I would recommand reading this book."
"The Giver, by Louis Lowry was a great book. It takes place where there are no feelings, colors or differences. Jonas is the main character, and he is selected to be the new Reciever of Memory.  This job is very important  because there is only one in the whole community.  He meets the current  Reciever and he calls him the Giver. The Giver transmits memorys that the  communtity has never recieved. This was a really good book and I would  recomend it to anyone who wants to broaden yourthoughts about different  life styles."
"When I was assigned to read this book in my literature class, I was very skeptical.  My teacher kept saying, ""It's kind of a sci-fi story, but it' not."" So not only did I not want to read the book, I thought my teacher was a bit loony.  But, for my education's sake, I forced myelf to start reading it.  I had it finished 2 months ahead of when the class was scheduled to finish.  It is a very good and well-written book.  I enjoyed it a lot and it definitely keeps your interest, because you never know what will happen next."
"I have read this book in a hard copy. It is good both for adults and children, for it has got some implied and hidden messages that sound quite real today as well. The imaginary community there appears very convincing with its symptomatic developments of technology and human nature. Although this book touches on some serious social issues, it delivers its storyline in an intriguing and lighthearted, even amusing way. The style is quite ""reader-friendly"", enjoyable and immersive. I also recommend it to language students."
"I have never read the same book more than once due to the variety we, as readers, have to choose from. This book has a strange hold on my emotions and has sucked me back three times.  The ideas that I read about within these well-written pages circled in my head for months after I finished the last page.  The thoughts between relationships, life, close-knit communities and how we develop and love others are all addressed and questionned. Choice. Making the choice to read The Giver will change how you look at everything."
"'The Giver' has been my favorite book ever since 8th grade. This is the type of book that really makes you wonder about the world. Will we live like the Jetson's in the future? Will we still live on earth? Will there be life on other planets? How will our world be run? All these questions run through my mind while reading a book like this. 'The Giver' is an excellent book and is also a very easy read. I read this book when I was in 8th grade and I loved it, and now that I have read it again as a senior I still love it!!"
"Lowrey's ""The Giver"" deals with the story about the 12 years old boy Jonas.In a perfect world with no crime, poverty and feelings, Jonas is choosen to be the ""Receiver Of Memories"". An old man, called the Giver, transmits his memories to Jonas,  who discovers the truth about the  utopian world and its hypocrisy. In my opinion everyone should read the  book, because it is very interesting to see what a society can be like.And  also Lowry's ideas, how the society is characterized, are very interesting."
"I had some misgivings about reading this book at first, for I was absolutely sure it would be really wierd. But my friends insisted that it was great so I gave The Giver a try. I was completely flabbergasted when I finished. The Giver was actually one of the best books I have ever read, and I've read millions! Sure, it's a bit unusual, but are there any great books that aren't? Sooo, if you're uncertain, looking for a book to read, or need a book for a friend or a child of around ten, get this book! The Giver is SUPERB!"
"Jonas lives in a society of sameness. There is plenty of food and housing for everyone. Everyone in the community does their fair share to help and provide. Everyone looks out for each other to keep each other safe. They rarely experience pain, and they don't appreciate pleasure. Nobody hates, and nobody loves. They live in a garden of eden, and the old man who is ""The Giver"" is the tree of knowledge.This is a good book for anybody around 10 yrs and up. It makes you think about communism, socialism, and free will."
"The book the Giver by Lois Lowry was one of the best I have ever read. If you like fiction this book is a must! I have read many books in my years. The plot is cool, and I won't give it away. The ending is a little sketchy but you get to understand it if you think about it. I gave the book only 4 stars because of the ending. Don't ""dis"" the book because it's fiction or because its weird. That's the point- FICTION. Not real! Just read the book. Its good- it lets your imagination go free. But then that's just my opionon."
"The Giver was very interesting. It was like taking me to a whole new world. Most everything was different. I didn't like some of the people in the book's views. Although at the same time, I wanted to know how those people thought, worked, and felt. I wanted to know why did what happen, happen. There was only one man who seemed to care at all about anything. I thought the little one was cute as well. I felt sad when I found out what the father's job was. Another thing I didn't like was the ending. I wanted to know more!"
"I've thought a lot about memory in the years since my mother's death from alzheimers. I was her receiver. She was my giver. I hope I can give my kids a fraction of what she and my dad gave to me.  This book brought that all back. It also reminded me of truths that are convenient to forget like the holocaust and slavery.I began to suspect from early on that ""release"" in the world of the Giver wasn't exactly a good thing.  I'm so happy I read on to find out more. Now I'm off to read Gathering Blue..."
"I first read this book in grades school and have read it so many times since that I've gone through 4 or 5 paperback copies, they just fall apart after so many readings! I can't wait until my daughter is old enough to read, understand, and learn from this book as I have! Every time I read it I'm reminded of all of the lessons that I've learned over the years of reading it. Even if you read it in grade school I recommend reading it against an adult to see how different it is once you've seen a little of how life works!"
"The giver is a book that i would say is at it's finest. It has many faces all of which are good. The story really takes place in a time of sameness. There are no colors, music or individualities. It is amazing to see how all the memories of now are all stored in one person. It really opened my eyes to the joys and pains of this world and i am sure will do the same to you. If you haven't read this book before and lloking for a new adventure, please find access to A.S.A.P. because it is enough to make your minmd boggle."
"I recremend this book to all of you because it is very diffrent then any other couminity in the world.  This book setting is in a STRANGE couminity that dosen't have color, feelings, and freedom.  The book is about this young boy named Jonas who is very scared about the ceremony of 12!  This ceremony is for ""12's"" can start traning for their job.  Jonas's job is the new reciver of memory.  The Giver is his trainer.  Find out what happenes to this young 12 year old in this strange but exiting book, The Giver!"
"I recremend this book to all of you because it is very diffrent then any other couminity in the world.  This book setting is in a STRANGE couminity that dosen't have color, feelings, and freedom.  The book is about this young boy named Jonas who is very scared about the ceremony of 12!  This ceremony is for ""12's"" can start traning for their job.  Jonas's job is the new reciver of memory.  The Giver is his trainer.  Find out what happenes to this young 12 year old in this strange but exiting book, The Giver!"
"This book was a portrait made of words depicting a society controlled totally by humans.  This community had everything one could want or need and gave purpose to all the lives existing there.  There were no human needs unmet.  Or were there?  How can we exist in a world without love?  This book is a wonderful tool to show children why it is so important that humans are individuals.  It is important to have our own opinions and to create a balance among our ideas.  The ideal world champions diversity, not sameness."
What a great book!  I had a very hard time at the first of the book.  I did not know how in the world I was going to get through the first four chapters when it is setting everything up.  As soon as I hit the fifth  chapter I could not put the book down.  It was so entriguing.  It was all I  could do to keep reading to find out what happened to each character.  I  really feel like everyone that has a chance to read should start today. I  have recommended it to many people so far.  She is a very intelligent  writer.
This is a really interesting book. The theme makes us realize how lucky we realy are to live in such a nice place.  Although I liked it there are some things I wish Lois Lowry had done better. The beginning of the book  was kind of boring so it took me 2 times until I read the whole book and  the end is too incomplete. I could understand if she gave us atleast a  little hint of what happened but nothing was said so I have no idea what  happened. The end was kind of disappointing but the book is still really  good.
"I was first introduced to this book in eighth grade, where my English teacher read it to the class, one chapter a day.  I loved it then, but once I read it again on my own, I was hooked.  I just graduated high school, and  I've lost count of how many times I've read The Giver.  Every time I read  it, I just can't put it down.  The story is beautifully written, and the  lifestyle introduced is so intriguing and unique.  This is definitely one  of the most interesting and touching books I have ever read. A MUST READ!"
"I had to read 3 books over the summer for school so I was wondering around the book store and found this book called ""The Giver"" I read the back and so that it earned a award so I decided that would be the first book I read for the summer...... I started reading the book and the next thing I knew I couldn't but it down.  This book really makes you think and is very very interesting.... I recommend this book for everyone!  I dont really like reading but this book made me cause it was so interesting!!!!!!!!"
"Lois Lowery is a talented writer. I felt a part of the story she created. I didn't want it to end where it did. But, it held my attention the entire read. I will read the other books, because I want to understand and hopefully, reading the rest will provide understanding and closure. The book definitely caused me to think about life, it's meaning ...  Her book just caused you question and wonder the way of things. I liked it and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys good writing and an out of the ordinary story."
"This book is a must read!!!!!!!!!! Probably  for anyone over 8 or 9 years old.  it just depends what you like, but this is amazing. The Giver is a great book about a boy who lives in a supposed ""perfect"" world. There is no color, love, choices, or memories before one's lifetime. This boy gets chosen to be a receiver. He then gets to know all of the memories that nobody in his strict community know about. He has an opinion on those memories too. Read about all of his great adventures in the great book: ""The Giver."""
"I think The Giver is a very interesting novel. It shows what advantages and disadvantages such a Community Of Sameness has. Initially you wouldn't think that it is very interesting to read because the whole community is explained and the new words for this novel are menaged, but it gets more and more exciting if you read further. You will feel with Jonas, when he realized how boring the community he lives in is and when he leaves the community. The book has an open ending so it isn't clear what happens at the end."
I just got done reading this excellent book! It is about a boy named Jonas. He lives in the community with his friend Asher. At age 12 you are assigned a job by th elders. Jonas's job is to be the Reciever of Memory which is a very important job. He meets the Giver and he trains him. Jonas job is to recieve memories. It's a very painful task. But he gets through it. I recommend this book to anyone who likes mystery and adventure.P.S. It might seem a little strange at first but keep reading it gets BETTER!!!
"I really enjoyed the Giver.  I think the auther completely captured the reader.  I felt the emotion that Jonas felt.  Jonas had been deprived of feelings and color.  We might wish for an 'eequal' world, but this book  changed my point of view on that subject.  I think that this book must be  read.  It teaches so much.  If you want a book with symbolism this is the  book is the book.  Jonas is proving that things can be changed.  I think  that his attitude in his life should be shared.  This was an excellent  book."
"i remember having to read this book in middle school. since then, ive read it a few more times. i decided to buy it because its such a wonderful book. the imagination in this story has always perplexed me, and its like this whole new world when you read it, but yet one that you COULD imagine our world turning in to one day... i just finished it again the other day, and its still a great book. Jonas's reactions in the story seem like reactions that the reader invisions he would have done in the circumstance himself..."
"here is a book about a kid  named Jonus that lives in a comunity that is far from civilavazation 1 group of people take care of this comunity Jonus been chosen to do the bigest job in the comunity every one else is chosen  caretaker and other jobs like normmal jobs but Jonus is chosen as the  giver!His teacher (the giver) a very smart man teaches Jonus about  color,coldness,burned,and joyfullness.This book will always be in my  heart.Will it in yours please read this book for all of us that strive for  a new begining"
"I just graduated from college with a degree in Elementary Education.  I read this book to see what type of literature upper level readers would read.  I did not know that I was going to read such a wonderful piece of  work.  This book is so touching.  When the reader finds out the secrets of  such things as the releasing and who The Giver's daughter is, one will be  surprised.  There are twists an amazing surprises on each page.  Lowry has  got a brilliant mind!  I would also recommend ""Number the  Stars."""
"This was a wonderful story. I could not put it down.  :::spoiler alert:::  The ending does not tie up everything neatly with a bow but that's OK. it doesn't have to. It's enough to know Jonas and Gabe arrive safely to a place where there is COLOR, MUSIC & LOVE. For all the people posting negative reviews I would say continue reading The Giver Quartet. There are 3 more books and Jonas' & Gabe's story picks up again in the final book called Son.  I highly recommend ALL 4 books in this series for adults and kids."
"Jonas has a great life. He's never hungry, sad, or in pain. He never has to make difficult decisions. And all of his needs are taken care of by the community. Or so he thinks before he is selected as the community's new Receiver of Memory. With the help of his elderly friend, Jonas uncovers the mysteries of the past and faces a terrible decision about the future.The Giver is a completely unique novel about love, beauty, the value of life, and the things that make us truly human. It won the Newbery Medal in 1994."
"I think this book is the best book I have ever read in my life. But it is not that good. I liked it at the beginning, it was an interesting book.Until the end. When he goes on the sled and when what ever happened after that.I really don't think it should be banned from schools so what if Jonas has some feelings for Fiona. The one with the Needle and the kid maybe upsetting, everyone that can read this book they got to know about war.  I think This book is for people 10 year old or older.  ..."
"The book The Giver by Lois Lowry is very interesting.  I think that the book makes sense if you think about it.  It is trying to tell us, without actually telling us, how much we take feelings, pain, weather, and colors for granted.  In everyday life we may say, ""It's a beautiful day today!""  But we never do much to show that we care about any of it.  I bet if we got feelings, pain, weather, and colors taken away from us we would miss it a whole lot.  This book captures your attention and is a must read!!!"
"The Giver is a novel that really makes you think of what the world would be like without originality.  You, the reader, are introduced to the ""perfect"" community where everything is controlled and decided  for you.  It is a place where you never have to fear for anything.  Then  you meet Jonas, a young boy, who has a lot to learn...I personally would  never want to live in place like this.  You lose your identity in the  process of trying to be similar.  Being an individual is what makes life  interesting."
"I had to read this book for the summer of 8th grade, and I loved it. This book may be hard to understand at first, but reading it twice can really help. Jonas, the main charater, is a inspirering boy who lives in a perfect world with his mother, father, and sister Lily. When he gets the job to be the Giver his whole life changes (read to find out how). This book will bring you through the good memories he had and the painful memories he experienced. I would highly recommed this book to any reader who loves to read."
"I would only recomend this book to a person who would like to take adventure and want to learn new things. The book is very adventoures and different. I enjoyed the book personally because it brought to me new feelings I didn't know I had.It brought color to my soul and definitly made me think I took everything for granteed.To live in a community so isolated would make me want to realy run away and not want to come back.I know I don't share the same feelings as Jonas does ,but I think now I know how Jonas had felt."
The Giver... um how do I start? Well my teacher assinged us books to read and i was assigned this one. When i first got this i didnt think it would be that good but i soon leared wrong. Lois Lowery is the best author and like all the other books she has written they keep you guessing. This book is so good you cant stop reading.It really teaches that you dont really know things til you live them. it is ssooooooooo good it really is a story of determineation and love. So i strongly advise you to read this!!!!!!!!
"It is amazing to read some of the other reviews.  If a book contains anything metaphorical or symbolic people can't seem to handle it.This was definitely one of the top five books I have ever read.  Rarely does a  book make me change the way I behave, but this one did.  I can't say I know  you'll enjoy it, but if you understand the symbols, your life will change  for the better.However, one caution, it likely will not be understood by  the average reader under age 12 (the AVERAGE reader that is!)."
"Our seventh grade reading class was assigned this book to read.  Lowry did an excellent job of describing the events so that you felt as if you were there.  Our teacher blushed during the ""Stirrings"", and we  laughed. (at her)We were all saddened when we found out what  ""released"" meant and, we were shocked when we discovered  Rosemary's identity. We had mixed feelings about the ending.  Some of us  liked it, and some of us didn't.  However, we all agreed that it was worth  the time to read."
"The Giver is really one of the best books I have ever read.  It is about a  boy who lives in a world with no feelings, no color, no happines or pain.  It tells about his quest to bring life back to his ""community""  and how he learns on the way.  The Giver is full of inner meanings, if you  like books like that, and makes you think deeply about what you're reading.  I highly reccommend this fabulous book to anyone who likes powerful,  meaningful books, that also are suspenseful and enjoyable to read."
"The book was tollerable and even enjoyable until the conclusion. The book falls apart at the end. If you want a true, classic and socially enlightening book, then read THE SCARLET LETTER by Hawthorne. Lowry's weak  attempts at making the boy Christlike include: a red apple (a color only  seen by the boy), discovering christmas, and saving a baby from death.  If  you are looking for a happy ending, you'll have to fill in the blanks..."
"I read the book years ago when Lois Lowrey first wrote it.  When I saw the movie was coming out, I wanted to read the book again before seeing the movie.  I like it and have grandchildren that have also stated they hated reading until they read this book and how they loved it.  My grandson who is twelve years old had a little difficulty getting started in reading it, but once started he could put it down and was constantly wanting to read when he had other work to do.  He finished it in two days.  He loved it."
"Lois Lowry's The Giver at first strikes the reader as the ideal and utopian society, however it is quickly turned around to show how monotone the life is.  I myself am still half and half on this book because it seemed to be lacking something.  At some points in the later chapters in particular it seemed to be rushed through which detracted from the book.  That is why I've given it 4 stars, it was able to hold my attention for the entire book, but it seemed to be lacking that crucial element to be even better."
"As a seventh grade English teacher, I am always on the lookout for books my students will WANT to read.  This year we read The Giver.  And while not every student enjoyed the book, many were touched by its themes.  This is a  book that brings up many issues our society struggles with today: drug  abuse, depression and pain medications, euthanasia,abortion, and the power  of government. I believe every young person should read The Giver--if for  no other reason than to be provoked to thought about these issues."
The Giver is a great book for all ages but mainly teenagers ages 13-18. The book focuses on a lot of material that is for this age group. I like from the book how Lois Lowry came up with an amazing story about how there is this other world and so much happens there. The amount of characters that are in the book give readers a book to read with so many people involved in the story. I would reccomend this book for the age group of teenagers because it is an amazing story that informs readers with a great story.
"I first read this book when I was 10 years old.  I finished it in one day.  Then I read it again...and again...and again.  I treasure it to this day, and each time I pick it up, I am easily sucked back in.  It is deep yet accessable, thought proviking...ugh, words cannot adequately describe how and why I love this book!  With it, my adiction to reading began.  I have loved many other books since, but The Giver holds a special place in my heart (and book shelf), and I will pass it down to my children some day."
"I had never heard of this book until the previews for the movie came out. I don't like to see movies without reading the book first, so I picked this up because I knew I wanted to see the movie. I couldn't quit reading it. Very thought provoking, it makes you look at the world in a new light. The author hits on so many things wrong in our world in a unique and sincere way that leaves you wondering where this world is heading exactly. It's a story unlike anything else out there and a must read for all humans!"
"This story pretty much describes life in some Western European countries. Life is controlled. Flawed babies are detected before birth en almost all are released (aborted: Denmark). After birth flawed babies are 'released' (euthanized; Netherlands, Belgium). Elderly are also released. There is no hunger, no hardship (except for the elderly and handicapped who are not released yet) and no real joy. Emptiness is filled with hip furniture, hip clothing, feelings numbed by drugs and alcohol and mass dance events."
"Have you seen in black and white? Probably not, Jonas is a regular boy who lives in some kind of a world where everything is same. Everybody doesn't have any memories.Such as pains, sadness, love... So Jonas and the `Giver' tries to give his community back their memories by leaving the community. So the giver and Jonas make some plans to leave the community. But giver wouldn't leave with Jonas. Why the giver doesn't wants to leave? Will Jonas run away by himself? Find out by reading this book!"
I like this book as it all came together. It kept me on the edge of my seat.This book shows how different communities can be and the difference is really amazing. This book showed me how lucky we are that we don't have to live that way for example we don't have to take pills we can see coulors and we don't get assigned jobs and wifes.The only thing I didn't like about this book was the ending because you have read the book and in the end it delivered nothing in return it left me dreaming and made me angry.
"The Giver will draw you in a feeling of suspense when you begin to read it.  I thought that it was an interesting book to read.  It's not like other books that have happy endings.  This ending was calm to me.  You begin to realize in the book that that Jonas' world is not like ours.  They don't believe in war or violence.  The different Assignments their people received were interesting to me, because they had no choice over what they received.  Bottom line, it's a good book to read for the avid readers."
"This book is sad and somewhat disturbing, but very well conceived and written. It is not light fun reading, but it's worth the effort to get through it. Lois Lowry's words and descriptions made her alternate future world come alive. A common complaint was that the ending leaves readers hanging. While it's good to make readers think, it's also nice to have a complete story. (The Giver's sequels also have this problem.) Overall, this book was excellent for students in 5th grade or higher."
"In the novel ""The Giver"" from Lois Lowry is about a young boy named Jonas who lives in a community. In this community there is no color and no music and so on. There are very much rules that everyone has to keep. When Jonas gets his assignment as the new Reciever of Memory, he gets the bad experience of the community. He looses his friends because everything is a lie. He wants to escape to help the community.Our opinion is that we think the novel is not realistic but it is very interesting and exciting."
Have you  ever read a book that's so great you can't put it down to use the bathroom. Well if you read the The Giver you won't put it down.The Giver is by Louis Lowery. The book is in a place that's post to be the perfect world and the main person is Jonas and he becomes the Receiver of Memory. It's an inportant job and then he runs away but you will have to read and see what  finds out what happens to him.  This is one of the best books I have read and I would reccommened this book to 5th grade and up.
"This book really gave me a great insight on what would happen if there was no color, no feelings. Jonas' Community has no hate, pain, or suffering, because without feelings or color, there won't be fighting. Also in the  book there was no religion. These three things are the main reasons war  started. Somehow they got rid of them and that helped them make no war. But  in doing that there haad to be no love. I think this book would be great  for 6th graders like me because it gives you an insight to Waht If?"
I didnt mind this book. It was an enjoyable read. It is not full of action but the plot is nicely woven throughout the book with a good flow until nearly at the end. This is what killed it for a higher rating from me. The end was very rushed and inconclusive. It is finished more like a novella that continues with the next book (I hope).I was also very surprised at the mistakes especially with the punctuation in a book that is represented. Maybe I bought one from a bad batch with a movie cover.
"The Giver is a moderately easy read, yet it gives the reader a deeper grasp on life. Jonas's experience in a uniform society gives the reader a greater appreciation for love, family, and freedom. Lowry has an excellent use of description which places the reader in the same society as Jonas.Overall, the book is very well written, although written in a very basic manner that makes it more enjoyable for a younger age group.A four star novel! I recommend it to anyone looking for an interesting read!"
"Simply put, this was one of the best futuristic novels I've read.  A great story illustrating the value of free thought, free will...freedom in general.Although some of the material and themes may be deep for the pre-teen age group, they can easily grasp the material...especially, (i know this sounds corny) if their parents also read and discuss these themes.In this day, we need more books like the Giver to teach the youth of our country these important libertarian values."
"although i like reading, i rarely find books that i can really get into.  i loved the catcher in the rye, and some other books, but i really loved the harry potter books.  i read each one of the harry potters in 1 day.  but the giver was right up there with harry potter.  i couldn't put it  down, and although some people have said bad things about the ending, i  thought it had a GREAT ending!  it really made you think, whether it was in  a good way or a bad way.  i would definitely recommend this book!"
"This Book was probably my all time favorite! Very intriguing! The Giver plays with your imagination and fondles with reality. Louis Lowry is an excellent role model for young inspiring writers! A supurb book choice for  all ages! It is so amazingly well written, so thought provoking! It is  imaginitive and creative! A masterpiece! Read this book and you won't  regret it. You really attach to the characters. Lowry really knows how to  pull emotional strings. This book is a triumph! It was a joy to read!"
After reading some of your reviews I've come to the conclusion that I'm  one out of a few people that dislike this book. I read this in grade five  and I'm now in grade eight and I still remember that terrible part where  those two twins were born and the smaller one had a needle stuck in the top  of his head. I'm sorry  but I found it revolting that abook that is  reccomended for children would contain such terrible things.
"This is an amazing book, suggested to me by one of my peers (yes I am of College age). Many of my friends tell me they were instructed to read the book in middle school and call the topic ""childish"".  I suspect these people didn't read into the book as the author wanted them to, they were unable to find the deeper meaning. This book is accessible to children and adults alike. After reading this book I am definitely interested in reading the other two books in this ""trilogy"" for lack of a better word."
"The Giver is a wonderful book. Jonas (main charcter) is a very quiet child. He lives in a community with no pain, color,or free will. He is chosen to be the Receiever, and gets all of the old memories. He now knows what life would be like with pain, color, and free will. When reading The Giver the reader is anticipating when Jonas gets chosen to be the Receiver because the ceromany takes two days. I would recomend this book to children ten and up. If you liked this book read the sequal Gathering Blue."
"The Giver is a wonderful book. Jonas (main charcter) is a very quiet child. He lives in a community with no pain, color,or free will. He is chosen to be the Receiever, and gets all of the old memories. He now knows what life would be like with pain, color, and free will. When reading The Giver the reader is anticipating when Jonas gets chosen to be the Receiver because the ceromany takes two days. I would recomend this book to children ten and up. If you liked this book read the sequal Gathering Blue."
"In lang. Arts i got a e my first semester but i got a 85% (B)in the second semester, because it was all about the giver! Most of my class did not even really read the book, but I did! It was amazing, it held my attention from  page to page and from chapter to chapter. It is a shame that some of my  peers did not bother to read this intestering book, I think it is a  MASTERPIECE!  As you can tell it is a very good book. I enjoyed reading it  very much. Lois Lowry is amazing.  Keep making great stories."
"This book is not easy to understand when you read it for the first time.  It is an interesting and ideal book when you get to understand it.  I think this book is good for the stuudents to read because it makes you imagine  what the world would be like if we had everything planned for us by the  people that we don't even know.  I, personally like this book.  This helped  with my vocabulary and grammer.  It was really nice and intersting but a  little sad at the end.  So I would give this book 4 stars."
"I thought tha book The Giver was a good book.  It was interesting to thinkabout our community and how much better it is than Jona's.  In tha book The Giver, Jonas lived in a community where everything was the  same.They can't see color or pick their own jobs.  Communities today are a  lot different.  The ending was a lot better than the beggining because  Jonas could die and second.  Every move he makes counts.  The beginning  just explained what his community was like and it got boring after a while."
"This book deeply wrote exactly how I feel about society, harsh judgement people pass to each other, and how everyone seems to be afraid of what's different. Individuality is beautiful. Choices are amazing. Life would be nothing without pain. Without pain you couldn't experience happiness so deeply. Life would be nothing without freedom. Even though I question the ""freedom"" we have anyways. This was a very moving book. And it made me laugh too. Humor is always good. The one thing that connects people."
"The book The Giver is an outstanding and terrific novel!  I really, really enjoyed this book because the story was so intriguing and creative.  It was also a very intelligent and meaningful tale.  I think that just about anyone can read this book and get a lot of enjoyment out of it.  The only requirement for reading this book is to have a creatively thinking mind that can think deeply into the author's theme of the story.  The Giver is a deep, well-written, fantastic novel that everyone should read!"
I love this book we read it at school and I'm in 5th garde. And I have seen the movie an  I think the book is way better btw read th  book first then watch the movie it is so different then the  movie so read this book and if your children want to see the movie let them even though  it is pg-13 there's no real bad stuff just war and people shooting elephant but no real blood just manly the seeing it fall to the ground but you can skip the war part but you can probably watch it first to see how it is
I read the book The Giver. The Giver won the 1994 Newberry award.  This book is about a boy named Jonas.  In the community that Jonas lives in everything is perfect.  Everyody is assigned a role and they do what they have to to do that role.  The role Jonas receives requires special training.  I liked this book because it is easy to understand.  This book takes place in the future so I liked to see what the author thought the future would be like.  If you read this book I hope you enjoy it.
"I absolutely loved this book! I should have read this book a lot earlier but I was not impressed by the cover, thinking that it was a boring book about an old man. It turns out that the main character is a young boy, and I fell in love with the Giver's (the man on the cover's) personality! I cannot wait to read the second book.  Some parts I thought were very tragic, but that makes you care for the characters more. This is now one of my favorite books. Hooray for Lois Lowry, a writing genius!"
"The Giver is one of my all time favorite books!  As a former teacher, I had a class set that kept us all turning the pages and wondering if this utopian world was really as perfect as it seemed.  I can't help sharing it with everyone who hasn't read it yet.  Lois Lowry has yet to disappoint me with anything she has written.  Her latest release, Son, is the fourth book in the Giver Quartet and ranks right up their with The Giver.  It answers many of the questions lingering after finishing The Giver!"
"I don't know what it is about some books but I tend to fall asleep reading them. There have been only two books that I have not fallen asleep on and ""The Giver"" is the second one. I wish I would have heard of the book earlier. ""The Giver"" is an interesting book on life in the future.  I liked it due to that I couldn't put the book down.  There was that sense of ""oh what is going to happen?"" type deal.  Got to love suspence.  It kept me awake, which is hard to do, and left me on the edge of my seat."
"I believe the Giver was a very interesting book. I loved the story line. The character Jonas was opionionated and easy to like. I became slightly attatched to the bond of Jonas and the Giver; since this is a very short book that usually doesn't happen. The ending leaves you off wondering what happened, which is kind of annoying. But overall the book was an interesting and different book. I liked how it wasn't similar to the other books I've read. It's a book you can pick up years later and reread."
Can you imagine living in a town were everything is perfect? well if you dont like that try reading a book called The Giver. It is wrote by Lois lowery. The main characters in the book are the Giver and a boy named Jonas. The setting is the community that is in the book. The main conflict of the book is Jonas doesnt like the community. A special issues is the community is a dystopia. My opinion about the book was I didnt like it because of the fact that the community was trying to be perfect.
"Do you wonder what people see and think when they are color blind? Well in this book will know almost everything they experience. Jonas a young 12 year old boy gets assigned a job. His world is almost perfect but, his town has no knowledge of what goes on around them and out side of where they live. Jonas' father brings a baby from work but, what they don't know is that baby will have a BIG part in Jonas' life.You should read this book if you love romance, mystery, sorrow, and so much more."
"You think they got the idea for the movie from this book?  I loved it...and guess what...I'm 37.  Ambiguous endings aren't necessarily my favorate kind, but I appreciate the flexibility this story leaves the reader.  You're allowed to come to your own conclusion.  If you're looking for a book that might just get your kid interested in reading, I recommend this one.  Of course, they'll have to enjoy science fiction.Good story and a FAST read.  Two important qualities for young readers."
"This book left me with complete awe. It pulled me in so deep I might as well have been the main character, Jonas. I have purchased this book 3 times now, because each copy became so worn down from me reading it so much  and having all my friends read it. I finally purchased the hardcover  edition, and I intend to keep it in good condition so that my kids may  enjoy this book someday. I've read this book over 10 times now and I enjoy  it every time, if you buy this book, you are sure to love it."
"I read this book as an assigned reading as a child and often thought of rereading the book but never had time. I finally did it about 15 years later and it's better than I remember! I plan to check out the other books in the quartet and watch the new movie as well (although I'm fairly certain it cannot possibly do the book justice). Hopefully the youth of this generation will still read the book and respect it for the great piece of literature that it is, rather than opting for just the movie."
"I read this book years ago and enjoyed it very much at that time. I picked it up now years later because my son had brought it home as he was reading it for school. Somehow, it is more meaningful now than it was back then. Perhaps as we grow older the memories we have made become more sacred to us and the idea of not being bonded to those memories is much more pertinent. Whether you are reading this book for the first time or are rereading it, this book remains to be great piece of literature."
"First of all i like to say I read this book purely because the movie is coming out. That being said that gets me excited some books i only discover because of the hype of a movie coming out.  This book is thought provoking, it did tug at my heart strings a bit at the end.  I think the movie will probably take it beyond what we are offered in the book which is okay the book not that big a jumping off point is okay as well.  I am interested to read the other stories that are part of the quartet."
"The Giver is a wonderful story, cannot wait to see the movie . I loved most, if not all of the characters but most of all Matty. It is important that the readerss  read all four books. Each is a different story and almost all of the characters are involved in someway. Matty is a survivor, living in very hard times in a small village, most assuredly medieval times. Life was very hard. Mattymade his way in life with his sense of right and wrong and his wonderful sense of humor."
"I bought this book because my niece said she had really loved it when she was young (she said the movie was not very good - too many changes from the book of course). As an adult, I found it rather spotty. Maybe I have read too many of these dystopian novels, but it seemed to me that it signaled the upcoming events quite a lot and that there was very little factual underpinning for the ""ideal"" society. Still, I would be happy to give it to a teen interested in these kinds of stories."
"After reading some of the one-star reviews, I felt that I needed to write a review explaining how wonderful and how essential this book is for everyone.  Many people have loads of complaints, asking for explanations for silly unimportant stuff like why can't they see color or how did they remove hills, how did they mange climate control, etc.  Well here is your answer... IT DOES NOT MATTER!!!  You are supposed to read this book and wonder, but not so much that it causes you to hate the book."
"This book wasn't about making the reader feel good.  In fact, it seemed  its purpose was to put the reader at ill ease.  It was easy to follow along with Jonas, as his story unfolded; but as the end neared, the reader might experience confusion.  It is the kind of story that needs to be revisited at least a second time for a better understanding to the conclusion.  This is exactly why this book will be found on classroom reading lists.  It warrants plenty of discussion in several directions."
"The Giver is really good. I don't normally read this type of book (science fiction) but when i read this right off i knew i'd like it. We read this book for school (8th grade) and it seems like almost everyone in my class enjoyed it, boys and girls both. It also bought up many good disscustions. I recommend this book to adults and chldren in about 6th grade, so you will have a great undestanding. Teachers... let your class read this! There was only one thing i didn't like much... the ending, because it left me wondering what happened."
"I've read this book about 7 times.  Everytime you read it you think of what it would be like to live in a land where you can't make your own decisions, choose your own job, and voice your thoughts.  Jonas, a pre-teen, discovers himself when faced with a serious decision on what to do with a small child, Gabriel.  He learns about the past, and the future and finds his own being. This is a must read!!!  This book opens up your imagination and pulls your heart out onto the pages everytime you read it. 5 STARS FOR ""THE GIVER""!!!"
"This book is one of the best I've read in years. Although it was my second time reading it,(I read it this year for my sixth grade class, and also read it 2 years ago) it was equally as great.  This book makes you stop and  relate to our world and life.  It shocks you at every turn and keeps you  reading.  The pages are filled with themes.  The idea of the book might  seem crazy to some people, but it's really not too faraway.  Jonas' life in  the Community will really make you think.  I recommend this book for anyone  ages 11 and up."
"I first read this book in fifth or sixth grade, and it was an amazing introduction into more evolved ways of thinking and more abstract concepts.  It challenges conformity and conservatism even in our own society, but its focus is on this utopian society and the character of Jonas.  It's beautifully, sensitively written, and I enjoy it even today.  This is a great read for middle and high school students because it challenges their ways of thinking and introduces what seem (to middle schoolers) to be lofty concepts.  Excellent novel."
"The Giver  By: Morgan Moulin  I thought that The Giver by Lois Lowry was a good book. I tells what a community would be like if it was basically the opposite of what we live in now. I also like the book because it is interesting, and kind of confusing. I think that is interesting because it tells you what it would be like not having any senses or feelings. I think that it is kind of confusing because at times I didnt understand what was going on."
"I would give it 3.5 stars, and it didn't get 4 because of the sudden ""cliffhanger"" ending. It left too many questions, how the community got that way, etc. I do know this is the first in a quartet, however, the blurb for the next one in the back sounded like a completely different person and community.I have been reading a lot of YA books recently, and find a lot of them better than adult books. I will go to the (digital) library to look for the rest in the series to see if my questions are answered/loose ends tied up."
"I first read this book as an adolescent. With the movie coming out this year (and I enjoyed reading The Hunger Games and Divergent series), i wanted to re-read a The Giver. It was better than I remembered, and I read it in one sitting in a matter of a few hours.While it's an easy, familiar read, what I love most about The Giver is how much it makes me think. What life would be like in Sameness and the beauty of the diverse world we live in.  The courage to stand for what's right, and using your imagination to achieve it."
"The Giver by Lowry is an exciting book for teenagers, that we read in the school. It is a very imagination story and I like how Lois Lowry describes the memories that The Giver transmitts to Jonas, the protagonist of the book. The characters are described in great detail and also the community. It is also a very funny book where all the rules are important for childs. I could image the landscape very well. Some chapters are a bit boring, because they were a bit to detailed. I recommend this book for all how like imaginative stories."
"We highly recommend this book because it is such a good one. The book was very suspenceful. Jonas was portrayed so well that it kept us all interested. Once you start reading this book  you wont be able to put it down! You get caught up in the futureistic events that take place. Jonas story is unlike anyone elses, it is full of surprising events. When you read the book you feel like you are stuck in the middle of the book. In conclusion this book is a very good one and we think that you should take the time out and read it !"
"The story takes place in a perfect community, but what the main character, Jonas, came to find out was that it wasn't perfect at all.  The community wasn't allowed the memories that I would consider so common that I wouldn't even give them a second thought, memories like the distinction between  colors and what snow is.  I think the story makes you think about what a  perfect world could possibly be like, without pain and suffering, but some  of the things the people in the community were denied I couldn't imagine  living without."
"I read this book in 6th grade as an assignment, and have revisited it every year yet.  All my peers loved it, and everyone i know who's read it loves it also.  It is a great book for children and adults alike.  Lowry is a fantastic writer, she brings this book alive for you and although deemed a children's book, adults will love it also.  It really brings up issues and makes you think, but some children (up to about 10 or 11) might not totally grasp the depth of this book at the first read."
"I think The Giver was a pretty good book, however I did not like the ending. I gave this book only 3 stars because it was unrealistic.  At first the beginning does not make much sense, but then you start to understand it.  I think Lois Lowry was very creative while writing the Giver.  I think she should make a sequal to The Giver because it left you so blank with all these questions.  I would recommend this book to anybody who likes to make up their own endings to a book and wonder about it."
"If you want a book filled with suspense and surprises read The Giver.  At the end of each chapter ,the author, Lois Lowry leaves you questioning and wanting more.  I liked this book because it gives you a shocking look of what the past or present looks like.  After a few chapters it seems like you really are in their ""community"".  The book was little slow in the beginning because I didn't understand it, but then it really picks up and you can put it down.  I recommend this book for all ages."
"Jonas lives in a ""perfect world"". No violence, no crime, no love. But he is given the assignment of Reciever of Memories, when he is twelve. Reciever of Memories is, recieving memories from the past, when the world was not perfect. Memories of war and lonelyness. Pain and sadness. This book interprets the fact that there is no perfect world. Jonas is not alloud to share the memories or his feelings with his friends or family.  This book was the best book I have read in a long time!"
"Okay, throught out this whole book I was completely struck with the concepts and ideas this book continually threw at me.  I loved every single thing about the book.  It is truly a fantastic read, and I would definately reccommend it!  However, when I reached the end, I felt unsatisfied.  Now, I have no problem with books that have sad endings, but this left so many of my questions unanswered, and all my hopes crushed.  Aside from that minor set back to this riveting novel, it is amazing."
"The book describes a really sad society, where everything is controlled and the people are like robots. They do not know colors or music, they have climate control and they must always use the correct words when speaking. It reminded me of the movie Pleasantville. The ending was ambiguous as you're not sure if what the boy is experiencing is a memory or if it is real. The novel forms a loose trilogy with Gathering Blue (2000) and Messenger (2004), two other books set in the same future era."
"I would give the book ""The Giver"" 5 stars because  it was very interesting and ordinary. But there were some parts in the book that were sort of inappropriate for young adolescents, Like the part when they stuck  a needle through a babies head, which was called ""release.""  There are some parts that are so heart- warming and so touching that it  astounded me. I love the part when Jonas risks his life for a baby named  Gabrial. This book is highly recomended.  5 stars!!!!"
"I would give the book ""The Giver"" 5 stars because  it was very interesting and ordinary. But there were some parts in the book that were sort of inappropriate for young adolescents, Like the part when they stuck  a needle through a babies head, which was called ""release.""  There are some parts that are so heart- warming and so touching that it  astounded me. I love the part when Jonas risks his life for a baby named  Gabrial. This book is highly recomended.  5 stars!!!!"
"In a community where people know nothing about real life, Jonas must learn the memories of humankind that have been hidden for generations.  His simple, yet new and amazing, discoveries open his eyes to the miserable, opressive conditions under which people in his society live, and his relationship with the giver develops into a strong bond as the novel progresses.An excellent piece of juvenile literature, The Giver provides a warning for civilization not to become too ""civilized."""
"As a middle school English teacher, I've always had a long love affair with literature. Thinking about my own youth, it was this book that sparked my love for literature, for reading to escape the reality we live in. I've read this book time and time again and every time is different and unique, meeting me wherever I am in life.  Jonas's courage in this book, and the poetic prose of futuristic dystopian lifestyles are what makes this a favorite still in my classroom after all these years!"
"Lois Lowry creates a stunning tale by allowing the transformation of memories between characters. She encourages us to read as we thirst to uncover the knowledge Jonas obtains from The Giver. Putting the creative and imaginative ideas aside, the inconclusive ending and lack of background information impeded the book from ever reaching a climax. Lois Lowry perfected this book with originality but destroyed it at the same time as her timeline flew by too fast only to finish without closure."
"Although written for a younger audience, this reader found the small book's story arc compelling at several levels.  One key element in Lowry's world - the absence of color - is not readily apparent as she describes a disturbingly controlled yet individually satisfying world.  Her unveiling of the Giver and Receiver sets the stage for a dramatic comment on the power and limits of individual freedom.  I can see how this could appeal not only to youth readers but to a much broader audience."
"I read this book along with my 12 year old sons, as it was required reading for school for them. I thought it would be fun to read it together and talk about the book. I was greatly touched by the book. The conversations that it brought with my boys were thought provoking and deep. That was especially nice for me since my sons are entering the age where they are removed and quiet at times. Thank you Lois Lowry for writing this book and thank to the teachers for making it required reading."
"Personally I think this book is fantastic. Instead of focusing on a personality-free world, as one of the other readers might have thought, it actually shows that we need a bit of everything to keep the world going. We need war, and we need rebels. We need conflict and we need pain. We will always need change, and, like the book says, we will always need love, no matter how corny that sounds.This really is a great book, so I strongly suggest that you should read it and/or reread it."
"The book is the best english-written book I've ever read. That's not because it's my first one. It's also much better than some German books because it shows a future that really could be in some hundret years. Jonas lives in this world and he only can see black and white, don't know what has been in the past and does everyday the same job. But then comes the day of his 12th birthday and everything changes It's interesting written, easy to understand and it's great fun to read this novel."
The reader only thing I dont like us too many unanswered questions
"Fantastic book for all ages. I read this book after seeing the trailer for the motion picture and am so glad I did. This is a thought provoking, fairly quick read that can lead to questions about our long held beliefs. A young man's telling of learning how his world and family are not what they seem is both terrifying and satisfying. The young man does what he has to do to live with himself and make his world a better place. How much better would we all be with his courage and sacrifice?"
"Lios Lowry's The Giver is a good book ay first, but thern as it reaches the end it loses the its touch. The book just stops you as it was getting to get better. As if you were talking to some one on the phone you are disconnected right when something important was about to be told. But it does have the effect of you gluing your eyes to the page. when your eager to find what happens next. But from all the work Ms. Lowry did on the book, I feel she could have done a little better.7.2DB"
"I read ""The Giver"" with my class in English lessons. The book handels about a young boy who lives in a community in which no color and no feelings exist. Although this was my first English book, I've ever read, I've had some difficulties at the beginning, but in the end, I've  understood almost everything. A big complimente to the author for her open  ending. So everybody can imagine his or her own ending and Jonas'life in  future. That's the very interesting thing of the book."
"This book, The Giver, was very entertaining and interesting. I enjoyed finding the ups and downs of a ""perfect"" world. This book talked about a boy who lived in a ""perfect"" world, and was discovering throught the special ""assignment"" given to him-the Receiver of memeories-that the life and world he had always know was not as wonderful as it appeared. He learned that sometimes you need to break the rules to achieve something. Overall, this was a very good book, and I highly recommend it."
"An interesting quick read written about a hypothetical community. A friend recommended it, she felt it was about power and control. I think she is right. I felt it might be viewed as an example of what apathy is, so prevalent in our current society. Apathy as a limit of what can be experienced and enjoyed if people did not ""strive"". Four stars it didn't impact me as much as many other books. If you read it, it would be interesting  to reflect on what you took from it. Maybe it is just a simple short book about ""something""."
"I remember reading this book in elementary or middle school and loving it. This book is the perfect mix of story and dystopia that I love. Hunger Games, Brave New World, Divergent and many more all follow this same sort of book. The different dystopian society that the main character yearns to change. And yet the book that Lowry has created is different. It feels more honest and magical. If you have not read this you must read it. It is a children's book but one that no person should go their life without experiening, no matter their age."
This is probably one of the books that I read through the fastest.  It kept me interested throughout and was difficult to put down.  This is one of the first books to ever make me keep reading so I could find out what happens next.  I told myself I was only going to read one more chapter and ended up reading three more before going to bed.  One of the great things about this book is that it is very short and very easy to read.  This isn't one of my favorite books I have ever read but it was very enjoyable and I definitely recommend it.
"This novel was pretty good, but it was not the best book that I have ever read. I do recommend reading this book although some parts were confusing like the last few pages. The middle of the novel was probably the best part  to read and was suspenseful. Jonas' life was full of adventure and interesting situations. Overall, The Giver is a novel that I think that readers who enjoy science fiction and the future will find this book to be something to look forward to. So in conclusion,  I would recommend reading this book in your spare time."
"This book is such a fantastic book. I read it a while ago and it's still one of my most favorite books. It captures you and makes you want to read more and more! It's so original and the world Lowry creates is unlike any other I've ever read. Ever part of the book left me baffled and wanting more. The ending was by far the best ending to any book I've ever read. It keeps you guessing. The plot, the characters, the setting, all of it brings you to the edge of your seat and keeps you reading. I love it. I recommend it to all young adults."
"THIS BOOK WAS UNDESCRIBABLE.IT WAS SO AMAZING HOW THE AUTHOR WROTE THIS. JONAS LIVES IN A PERFECT WORLD, NO CRIME,VIOLENCE,EVERYTHING IS ORDERLY, NO POVERTY, AND EVERYONE HAS A JOB. AFTER JONAS GETS ASSIGNED THE RECEIVER HE  REALIZES ALL OF THE JOY AND HAPPINESS HIS COMMUNITY IS MISSING. HE BECOMES  A PRISONER TRAPPED IN THIS DULL WORLD SO HE DECIDES TO RUN AWAY AND...I'LL  LEAVE THE REST FOR YOU TO FIND OUT, DONT WANNA RUIN IT. I HIGHLY RECCOMEND  THIS BOOK BECAUSE IT'S SO WELL WRITTEN! YOU REALLY SHOULD READ IT. I LOVED  IT!!!!!!!!!!!"
"This book is certainly one of my favorites, I couldn't put it down!  When you first start reading it, it sounds a little weird and boring, but that's where most people make their mistake.  They just quit reading the book.  BUT I advise you not to.  Keep on reading, then you'll get to the good part!  It is very well written, and it constantly keeps you interested with new developments and discoveries.  If you're a book lover like me, read it!  If you're not, try reading it because if you don't, you're missing out on a lot of great stuff."
"Very enjoyable book. Kind of a cross between Brave New World and 1984 but in my opinion, much better. Certain parts of it (release) also reminded me of Wool. I was able to breeze through it. Its not a long book to begin with but the story was so nicely written it was hard to stop reading it. It had a great ending. There are other books in this series but it appears each one can be a stand-alone. The other books are not as well liked and their description doesn't interest me. So I wont continue the series but highly recommend this book!"
"I first read this book in elementary school. I liked it then. I read it a few more times in high school and liked it even more. I read it a few weeks ago on the heels of a Hunger Games-fueled young adult novel spree and The Giver is now officially in my Top Ten. Lowry paints a powerful picture of a society that seeks to control everything from the weather to feelings of attraction. No matter how many times I read it, I find myself holding my breath for Jonas as he unpacks the truth about his ""perfect"" society known as Sameness."
"Well I don't know how to start, at first I must  say that I'm writing this review for my English lesson. I did like the book .I think that ""The Giver"" is the kind of book where you don't know what will happen. The author describes the situation in a paticular way so that you want to read more and more.What I didn't like is that it has an open end. If I begin telling you the story it won't make any sense to you to read it .That's why I'm only telling you my opinon. I recommend this book hoping that you will read it.  :):):):)"
"I liked how this book entered you into a world that you don't know of.  The rules, jobs, daily life and the mystery made you wonder. I did get confused though at times by trying to figure out all the things that some of the jobs this group of people required and the mystery of things these  people didn't have like us.For example, they don't have color, black and  white is all they see.  I would recommend this book to the type who like  curious, and ""in the future"" books."
"I thought ""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry was a good book. It's about a place where there is no pain, joy, or any other feelings and your whole life in decided for you.  There is a boy named Jonas that gets chosen at the age of 12 to be the receiver of all the memories.  But when he receives the memories he decides he doesn't like it and doesn't want to live there anymore.  So he tries to find a way to escape into the real world but it's never been done before where he lives."
"Every child has a ""gift"", ability, talent, skill and that is emphasized in Lowry's book. Depending on one's worldview, this book has great potential for encouraging thought provoking conversations with younger people for good or evil. The world Lowry creates is fascinating and as an older adult I enjoyed it immensely. It is well written literature about an utopian civilization with an underlying ""something rotten"". The book is well deserving of the award give it."
"I had no idea this was a quartet when I first read it.  Makes me nuts this came so long before Hunger Games and Divergent, and never got any attention.  Now they're releasing a movie of this, jazzing it up to compete.  The book is better than the movie looks like it will be.  The illustrations were welcome in this edition, wish there were more.  I liked the afterward, her acceptance of the Newbery. Definitely a must read, not sure what age is appropriate.  Middle-school, maybe."
"I remember reading this as a class assignment when I was in the fifth grade and I remember it just completely capturing my heart, and years later after I already graduated High School, this holds true still. There are few words I can say to describe how much I love this story.My biggest complaints is that the chapters are a little short for my liking and the ending leaves me a little... eh, I can't really say without giving it away but, these aren't very big issues."
"An interesting read- very thought provoking. A friend recommended it, and though I enjoyed it overall, it left me wanting more. It would have been better if the characters had been developed more and if there was a stronger conclusion to the story- it flet like we were just left hanging at the end. The book presents an interesting future and even has some spiritual elements to it. It was pretty engaging, perhaps just not long enough to develop a fully satisfactory story for me."
"The Giver is powerful for its demonstration that life without tension is not really life at all.  We can always try to smooth over or hide another bump in the road, another cause of stress or discomfort.  But, in doing so, we only deceive ourselves and take away from the most worthwhile part of existence.  Without pain, loss, and difference, we can not have love, hope, and the vibrancy of life.  This is a warning that we must be willing to risk our deepest selves to truly live."
"*****Although I read this book when I was only 12, I have now graduated from college, and it is still one of my all-time favorite books. I still think about The Giver and all of its wonderful characters. I would recommend this book to any young person (and even an adult) that is interested in experiencing a society that is so very different than one would expect. It opens one's eyes to different political and social views. What a wonderful book to read on a rainy weekend. *****"
"I thought that ""The Giver"" was a very good book.  I liked it because it kept you thinking a lot and was very interesting and exiting.  The part I don't like is the confusing words and sentences it uses.  I also don't like how it lets you decide what happens at the end.  I would have liked it a lot more if it would answered the questions that you would want to know when reading a book, like what the noises were when they were sledding down the hill and where they sledded to etc."
"This book was an amazing book. Once i got reading the book i did not want to put it down, thats how good the book was. The Giver made you think while reading the story and makes you realize things about life and makes you think about what you usually wouldnt think about. The story is mysterious and adventurous. It's an imagination with reality. wow its a fanastic book. I totally recommand this book. If you are bored and need something new and exciting this is the book to read!!"
"The Giver to me was an inspirational book in the sense that you need to be independent.Jonas really showed his way to be independent.He did what he thought was right.The author gave us all a perfect example of what a  perfect world would be like and now I do not want the world to be perfect.  The book teaches us all what a perfect world would be like.It really did  not suprise me either because there were alot of people upset in this.Well,  thats my thought. No disrespect to anybody."
"I thought that the book was a little slow in the beginning, and I also found it a little sad. After I got farther and farther into the book, I found it to be better and more interesting. I would recommend this book for 11 year olds and up. I gave this book 4 stars because I thought that the book should have grabbed me right from the beginning. I thought that this story had a very interesting concept in how Jonas' community lived their way of life, and the way they ran the community."
The Giver is a great book that keeps the reader wanting more and guessing. This book shows us how people sometimes choose to be controlled and when you finally choose to break the cycle it might be hard for you to deal with other people who don't agree. The way the book ends it gives us no clear ending which I absolutely loved. I made up what I wanted to happen so I was happy at the end. I recommend this book to people who don't mind cliff hangers that never get completely answered.
"Though this seemingly shory story dragged at times and seemed rather long-all in all, it was an incredible story.  It was so interesting to step aside from normal life and see how fortunate we have it.  I like how the  author brings up new ideas and thoughts never felt before.  After finishing  the story, I almost felt a feeling of victory for Jonas (the main  character) whom you grow to love (a new concept for him) so much throughout  the course of the story!  N.D. :)"
"It took me a little while to get ""into"" this book but when I did, I got very engrossed.  Then, I noticed on my iPad, it said I was 90% done but I couldn't believe it...I felt like the book just got going!  I hated the ending.  I've read that the author left it up to your own interpretation but I wish I would've had more.  I also read there are two other books that have the characters in them but I'm not sure I'm going to read those and feel the same as I did about this one."
I have had the opportunity to read this book in the school for class reading matter. At the beginning it was a little boring but then the story becomes very exciting. It describes a imaginary life where there are rules that are never possible in our world. The part that I like more is when Jonas receives the memories from the Giver. It is a very nice passage where the author describes in what kind of world the people live there. It's a perfect book for adults and also for children.
"This is the best book ever! My English teacher was doing a sci-fi unit and to finish it up, we read The Giver. At first I was like ugh! I hate science fiction books, but then one day I had to stay home from school because I felt aweful. We were reading chapter 3 in class that day, so I decided it would be a good idea to read it. But after chapter 3, I went on to chapter 4, then 5, and then I couldn't stop. I read the whole book in 2 hours. If I were you, I would buy this book asap!"
"I really enjoyed the book The Giver by Lois Lowry. It is a great book about a child in an unrealistic world. He has the job to handle the whole world's memories. It is a great book with an excellent story line. It is a must have, you should all purchase the book right now. Jonas, is the coolest kid. Plus, the story has a great meaning behind it. That is that a society who loses the past is bound to make the same mistakes, and that society can become corrupt, so don't let it happen."
Story spooky and weird not for kids but it says written for kids!
"This novel is for anyone who wishes for a perfect world. Be careful what you wish for. Sometimes having a ""perfect world"" means losing things you hold dear in your imperfect world. The book cleverly leads you into this world, making you feel like it truly is perfect but then half way through reveals what's missing from this world and suddenly you realize that it's not perfect at all. Cleverly written, though provoking, and intelligent, this book is perfect for the literary reader."
"The Giver, by Lois Lowery, was a beautifuly composed book. The character Jonas lives in a utopian community where ""Sameness"" is a rule. There is no pain (emotional or physical)or fear, just perfect calm living, designed by the society around them. Jonas escapes from his community to try and find out what the rest of the world is like, where there is pain and emotions and feeling. This book gives a thought to how our society acts today and how our community effects us."
"This book is a definate winner!  Lowry's magnificent powers of description provide for a capturing and touching tale of a boy from the future.I am not one for sentimental pieces of writing, and this was not one until the  end.  It is though provoking and gives a new look at the way things might  be.  Her literary techniques and amazing themes have made this book one of  my favorites from the first time I read it at age 9 to many (we won't say  how many) years later today."
I had originally read this in middle school and hated every word but as I have gotten older I was thinking about the books I had read throughout my life and this one kept popping up so I gave it another shot... I read it from start to finish in 1 day. I was utterly captivated by it and could not put it down. I realize now that I didn't like it when I was young because I did not understand it and the message it has to tell us. I highly reccommend this for someone older than 20.
The Giver is about one thing and that is Jonas.  He is the one who gets chosen to follow the giver.  His world is perfect.  He's got everything under control.  Theres no fear pain or war.  There are no choices.  Everybody has something to do in this book.  When he turns twelve he goes to a speacial tranning and he is singled out of everythig.  He gets his special tranning from the giver.  He holds the memories of true pain and plesure.  Now Jonas is going to recieve the truth.
"When I first began the Giver, I was not entirely sure that I liked it. The Community was so orderly and repressed, not my usual type of story. However, by the time I was about halfway through, I had come to really like the story. Jonas, the lead character grows and matures, drawing in the audience in the process. The missing pieces fit together, and by the intriguing conclusion, the reader is sure to be rooting for Jonas. I recomend this to everyone, it is a really great book!"
The GiverThe best part of the giver was when the giver gaveJonas the memories to remember all the things that happen.  The part of the book was whenJonas father killed the young child that was in a difforent community thats why i gave it a 4 stars.  The other good part of it was at the start Jonas had a memory of him on a hill with a sled and he fell down and hurt himself and at the end Jonas and Gab and him saw the sled at the top of a hill.
"At first This book is not interesting, but then after reading more pages you get cought on the book because you want to know what's gonna happen on the next pages of the book cause' he receives special training from The Giver.He must receive training to understand pain and pleasure for he could have not done it alone because he thought life was just enjoyment until met up with The Giver.This is a powerful and capturing book which should be read by people of all ages."
"AT first I thought the book would be very boring, like most you have to read in school, but as I got father in the story I started to become interested in it.....it is so confuzing, but so powerful, I like the symblolism Like the main character being Johnas and how the old story of Johnas being trappend in the whale.....and Gabrial the baby and Gaberial the angel.....I would recommend this to anybody"
"I only read this book because I wanted to read it before the movie came out.I am so glad I didn't skip reading it. This book is very, very touching. It is a very easy read, only about 200 pages or so, and a large text with not too many challenging words. I'm an avid reader, and I'm glad I have found a book I can pass on to some of my younger friends. This book, though short, has many life lessons and the way that the lessons are handled reflects very well on the author."
"I read this book in 8 grade, now I am going to go to the high-school! Anyway, I think that everyone should read this book, it actually makes you think. If you like reading books that suprise you, then you won't be dissapointed in this one. It's very suprising!The only thing that I didn't like was about this book was the ending, it's very confusing and sad (I think). All in all, this is a GREAT book, and you should read it!That's all, I hope this review helped you."
"The giver is a capturing story about a boy named jonas and his world is perfect.  Then he is chosen to be the next giver.  The giver alone holds the knowing of th pain and sorrow and joys of the real world, such as  color,and love, or music.  Jonas then comes up with a plan to run away and  leave some of his memories behind so the other people in his community can  experience what he did, too, so they can learn and adjust themselves and  have a taste of his world.-Aimee Miles"
"I read this book a few years ago, and have just recently read Fahrenheit 451, a very similar book. Both are about colorless, utopian societies, and in both the hero chooses to go against this society. Thinking is no longer present in either of these simplified worlds - who needs choice, and the problems that go with it? I enjoyed both books thoroughly, and would recommend this book to people of all ages.I would also like to note that the sales rank of this book is 451."
I liked the concept of this book and thought it was well written
Great book in great condition. It was delivered on time. Thanks!
"A friend recomended this book to me.  At first i wasn't very interested, but when i started reading it i found myself not able to put the book down.  When i finished this book i told all of my friends about it and to read it right away.  I even told my communication arts teacher about it and next  year the class will be reading it.  This book makes you stop and think  about what the future will be like. Read this book and i can guarantee that  you will fall in love with it!"
"This was a good book.  It took me only about two hour to finished it. I wasn't really into it in the begining but once Jonas became a receiver and begin receiving thing about the past that was when I became hook.  It was weird to think that the people in the community never seen colors and  stuff. Although I was a little disappointed in the ending,the book could  have been a little longer.  I know he reached the outside and all but I'm  not satisfy with it it was to choppy."
"I was drawn into the story, at first wondering how a community could end up like that, then looking at our own present-day world and seeing the frightening similarities.  The desire to make everyone ""equal"" so no one has to suffer - such a utopian idea always ends in tragedy.  Because suffering has a valuable place in our world; it teaches us compassion.  It's a sign of a really good author/book, if reading it makes you think of these things.  This one is a keeper!"
"Had such promise for a great dystopian novel, but the end tapered off in such a way that it felt like she didn't want to write any more.  I understand that there are more books that follow this one, but there was so little explanation about the whole plot and ""why"" of the story that I didn't feel as though I had read a full book at all.  It felt more like a short story that had been expanded.  May or may not read the next few books, this one left little desire to."
"Ok, so it's good to leave an ending so that it makes you think, but this one was left so wide open I wondered if I was only half done with the book. I mean, if you are reading it to give as an exercise to write the 2nd half of the book using your own imagination, then it is interesting. I just hate spending time on books and then feeling completely dumped at the will of the author. I almost left the book in Mexico because I was annoyed to bring it home with me and see it."
"The Giver is a book that appeals to a wide audience. A wide array of ages can enjoy it because it is an easy read, has a good plot and keeps the reader on their toes, guessing what will come next in the book. I read this book for school when I was 10 and enjoyed it. I recently revisted the book and enjoyed it even more the second time. I think that Lois Lowry is a wonderful author because she writes in a way that intrigues but helps the reader maintain clear comprehension"
"This book gave me the chills. I loved the bold, crazy concept of it: a young child learns what it means to be The Giver of knowledge to his bizarre society...he's been chosen to absorb the experiences and emotions of the wise, old sage (the giver),  but in the process, Jonas loses his childhood. Although I saw some of the hardballs of this story coming, they still whacked me in the head as I read them. Nicely done! I haven't been able to shake this story from my brain."
This is the most heartbreakinbg and soul searching book I have ever read.While reading this book you have to think what would you do in this situation. Would you have the courage and strength to endure what Jonas  went through. I would have to admit that I don't think I would be that  strong in a world like that.  This book really moved me and caused me to  be thankful for the simple little things that we have in life(like color)  and not to take anything for granted.
"Was there a lesson here that I somehow missed?  Why had everything changed?  How did color make things bad?  And music?  And if there was over population, why only keep the healthy babies?  How did they do away with color and music and memories?  And what was the significance of the blue eyes?  Too many unanswered questions, starting with what was the friggin' point? I had hoped the movie would shed some light, but only made it worse, so don't bother with that either."
"The setting is in a furturistic society where color, love, and feeling have all been taken away. Jonas, the main character, has recieved a special assignment.  An assignment is your job.  In this book no one needs to make  decicions like who to marry or what to be.  The children of married couples  are not even related to them. When Jonas gets deeper into his training for  his special assignment, he begins to learn that something isn't right about  the way things are."
"The Giver is an excellent book to read. It was kind of hard to get into the book at first, but after I knew what was going on, I loved it. Lois Lowry wrote this book superbly. The ending, however, was very strange.  Maybe it's just me, but ""maybe it was just an echo"" doesn't sum  up what happened to Jonas. I don't understand the connection of the ending  to how ""The Giver"" in the book told how he had the capacity to  hear beyond his regular limits."
"In this book there is a main character named Jonas who lives in a world of samenaess. At his ""cermony of twelves"" he gets the job the reciever. Through Jonas's training with the old reciever or the  ""Giver"" he learns about true happiness and pain. He is shocked  about what the lives of people are like outside of the commuity, and about  there ""choices"" in life and how there is color.  This is a very  good book and I highly recomend it!!!"
"My daughter has asked that I enter this review.  She is age 12.""I was very frustrated that the book ended as it did.  This was teacher assigned and I resent that the book ended in such a way that I have to read the series to 'get' the whole story.  If it had ended in the middle of the first book it would have been fine.""She is an avid reader --- what Donalynn Miller describes as a ""wild reader"".  Rarely keen on book assignments"
"We ordered this book for our son's english class.  We did not want to spend a lot of money for a book we knew would be read once and then put to the side, so we decided to order a used one.  I know that we ordered what was said to be a used book, but you cannot tell the book has ever been read.  The condition of the book was excellect.  Just like a brand new one hot off the press.  The book arrived in the time frame promised.  I would certainly use this seller again."
"I really enjoyed this book.  The plot, I thought, was very imaginative.  Lois Lowry added a lot of detail, and did a very good job describing the memories.  I thought she did a very good job at showing how bad this type of soceity really was.  The idea that no one was truly an individual is scary.  I would have given this book 5 stars, but I didn't really like the end that much.  It ended very abruptly, and left a lot to the imagination.~JP~ Ipswich High School"
"I found The Giver to be an interesting book. Lowry did an excellent job presenting concepts that I found hard to grasp, such as not having color. I was impressed with the creativity that she showed and her ability to create an entire fictional community. Lowry deserves all due respect for being able to continuously write about that community and not once contradict herself.The Giver is a book that I believe is suitable for all ages and I highly recomend it to anyone."
"The giver was an excellently writen book. The content is more adult natured but it is a good class room read. it opens the minds of younger children to the horrors of life that is all around them. to the things that they have become acostomed and desensitised to. maybe if everyone read the giver and was taught how horrible and yet natural a thing death is than things like colombine high school shootings would never take place. a good read,  i belevie this book could change some people in some way."
"Won't attempt to capture the book's various messages in a review.I especially like the portrayal of the dissimulative peace and safety of Sameness, greyness, and rigid order.  The price for such absence of fear and pain - death to all outliers, communicated through the sterilized, pollyanna word ""Release.""For me this strikes a nerve in a society that seems threatened by hints of real differences among us (e.g., political correctness), and intolerant of pain or suffering."
"i just recently finished reading this book in my 7th grade language arts class and i LOVED it! i never like the books that we read in class but i really enjoyed this book. there are so many things to think about and to love about this book. if u like books that explain things and have a wrap-up ending then u wouldnt like this book at all, but if u like thinking about things then u will LOVE this book. this is a great read for everyone. im gonna suggest it for everyone to read.BUY THIS GREAT BOOK."
"Lowry's Novel, The Giver describes a world of sameness and the inability to make choices. Nobody except for one person is capable of feeling pain. Everything in their world is in black and white. Jonas, the protagonist of the novel, starts realizing that sameness is boring and that people should have feelings and be able to make choices. Read the novel and find out what happens. I enjoyed the book, yet finding it very emotional in some aspects. I am glad that we don't live in a world of sameness."
"I would recommend The Giver to children 13 years old or younger.  The book explains to the kids we're so lucky that we are allowed to decide on our own.  It also has a couple life-lesson morals in  the story.  For example,"" Choices are important."" The Giver  tells us to be determined and never give up, even if things don't go your way.  You can never live a perfect life because something or somone can get in your way.  That is why I recommend this book to chldren 13 and younger.  Read The Giver."
This book kept me glued to my seat and glued to the pages.I never wanted the ending to come. This book is about a boy who grows up in a black and white world. This world is cut off from everything and is also protected  from everything. Even weather. This boy starts seeing colors and is chosen  by the giver to recieve lessons on what the world used to be like. He is  now thrown into an adventure he will never forget. This book will also  throw you into a reading experience you will never forget.
I first read this book in the sixth grade and I am now a senior.  All throughout these years it has remained my favorite.  I would reccommend this book to any teacher or student.  It paints a picture of what a world  would be like with no choices and freedoms.  I also helps to show that  going along with the accepted things can often turn out to be fatal. I  think that it has also strenghened many of my beleifs because I now realize  how important they are in life. Everyone should read this book
"This book gave you an unsual kind of plot, not realistic but different. There are many things that  could not really be, but it lets your mind expand and try to answer all of the questions you have while reading it. It  is a great book that teaches you lessons. One thing I learned was that you  should never take for granted. There are many things that they do not have  in their community that we have today, some we could not even live without.  A book that has meaning is good. You learn from it."
"Liked reading this so much I went out and bought the quartet after I finished this one. This book really makes you think... a world without crime or pain would be great, but it would come at a great sacrifice. If you don't know pain you can never really experience joy. By doing away with emotions you eliminate hate yes... but also love. And a world devoid of love would not be a world worth living in. The movie was very good as well, almost as good as the book in my opinion which is pretty rare."
"I saw the movie first and thought it was amazing so I wanted to read the book. The book however was a disappointment to me. While I like the concept and plot of a Sameness world, the writing itself bores me. I think its one of those books that have the potential to be great, but is let down by the writing. The movie is also very different from the book, the movie added romance and dramatized the whole book. Still, it was an okay book. But would I read it again or read other Lois Lowry books? No"
"We read this book in a group of 10, or so. We had many themes such as Choice, Sameness vs. Diversity, and Freedom vs. Security. It was a good discussion book so, I recommend reading it with a partner or in a group. The Giver was a wonderful reading group book. It was good that my reading group teacher (Not my Homeroom teacher) Ms. Jude had chosen this book because I was not thrilled to read it. Now I love the book and appreciate the thing we all should love. Choice."
"Wow.  I know a lot of people who read--but no one has ever mentioned this book before (and its 20 yrs. old already).What a great concept, and story, told as if it was your own inner voice doing the talking.  The only problem is that it went by so quickly.  Thankfully, there are sequels.AND it seems as if it will be made into a movie.  (I'd suggest reading the book first, however...Hollywood may inject car chase scenes and lots of explosions.)"
"My brother had been telling me about this book for a couple of years.  I finally got around to reading it and I am so pleased I made the time.  The story starts out simply enough, but then turns into something much more sinister as we begin to understand that euphemisms have covered realities of life in this society.  I appreciate my own emotions much more after thinking about the book.  My emotions are not a nuisance.  They are the catalyst for action in our lives."
I read this book with my daughter of 11 and found it to be frightening and kind of a downer.The parts about the young boys budding sexuality was disturbing to me. I realized it was probably my own uncomfortableness about this rather than the fact that my daughter was reading this. She is probably having some of the same thoughts but I'm just not aware of it.I would strongly recommend this book to kids 11 or older. Probably not the best for younger kids.
"I thought ""The Giver"" by Luis Lowry was a good book.  It's about a place where there is no pain, joy, or any other feelings and your whole life is decided for you.  There is a boy named Jonas that gets chosen at the age of 12 to be the receiver of all the memories.  But when he receives the memories he decides he doesn't like it doesn't want to live there anymore.  So he tries to find a way to escape into the real world but its never been done before where he lives."
"Lois Lowery is the true ""Giver"" in this book.  She offers the reader a lot to think about, and digest.  The time is the future.  What seems like utopia, slowly turns into a furturistic nightmare.  It makes the reader think long and hard about the world we live in now, and how some of the choices we've made could lead to disaster down the line.  This book should be read by everyone from ages 12 years through adult.  This should be an Oprah Book Club choice."
"Someone recommended this book to me so I decided to listen to it on audio book.  The Giver had my attention the entire time.  I loved entering into the futuristic world and seeing how things could get out of hand if we were no longer given free choice.  Not being able to choose who you wed, or a job, or being able to freely love.  These thoughtful images had me thinking as I listened.  I have read this book around five times now.  I truly enjoy it and recommend it!"
"The Giver is a really wonderful book. In my opinion, it starts out kind of boring, and has a cliff hanger ending (the kind you just love and hate). I think over all though, this book is really well-written and interesting! Lois Lowry did a wonderful job writing it. Jonas's society exists without problems because everyone is arrogant and doesn't know what's going on. This book basically says that even in a perfect and organized world, there still will be problems."
We read the book in school and I think it was a good choice of the teacher. It's not the best book I've ever read but if you like the theme you should read it. There are some boring passages but there are also some exciting ones. All in all the book is interesting for people who like books about such unrealistic themes. I would have expected another ending but it's a good choice by the author to make you think about it and imagine what happens to Jonas and the boy.
"I think the novel ""The Giver"" written by Lois Lowry was quite a good one.At first,it was confusing, because it sometimes was difficult to understand the context and the strukture of the community. Later it became more and more interesting. It was interesting to see in which way people can be controlled. I would like to know how the story really ends, because there is an open end.If you are interested in Science Fiction, then you should read this novel!"
My belief is that we all have the ability and God given right to choose for our selves and that the things that happen to us are the result of consequences of our bad or good choices or the consequences of others choices. This book really makes one understand what life would be like if there were no choice. All things made perfect for ones own good...not the world I want to live in.This provoked a lot of thoughts. I enjoyed it. Simple and profound.
Okay so im 12 an absolutly loved this series. i read about 24/7. my nickname is bookie. not kidding. thats what all my friends call me. ill read about any book there is and loveit. this one was extraordinary though. really! i cant wait untill son comes out. my favorite of the series would have to be messenger. we read the giver in school and i got totally hooked. i read the entire series in 6 days. its an amazing book and you should definatly read this series.
"In my opinion, The Giver is an excellent book. Why I feel this way is because it opened a whole new world for me, and my seventh grade class. This book made me think of how lucky I am to have things that the characters in the book didn't have. I think that everyone should try to read such a great book like this one to realize that some of us in this world have it good. I like how she made the ending like a fork in the road......you never know what your in for!"
"I found this book to be thoroughly thought provoking. It went well beyond the bounds of a childrens book. It made you think of all the sacrifices to humanity that would be made to make a ""Utopia"" reality. In a since it reminded me of ""A Clockwork Orange"". It did this because  it involved the subjugation or control of natural human urges. Hey, close  to a thousand people have reviewed this book. Why not buy it and draw your  own conclusions?"
"I'm a fan of dystopian novels and I have heard of this book so often but have never read it.  I decided once and for all to change that.  Overall, this book was an easy read, but I felt it lacked substance.  Characters and places were only partially developed and the ending was too abrupt for me.  I would've liked to learn more about what happened to the community that Jonas left, what happened to Jonas, etc.  There could have been so much more to this story."
"Im reading this book in class , and i love it so much ! It's such a good story ! It really makes you greatful for where you live and the life you have . Jonas , a 12 year old boy who lives in a Utopia ,goes on several adventures . The community has no pain , no memory , no feeling , and no color ! The story really takes on an interesting concept ! It's hard to understand at times , but over all this is my all time favorite book! i never want to put it down !!"
"Other reviews have said so much that there seems little to add. A haunting distopia.But one question I would ask is this: Is it some kind of rule that writers of distopias must have failed math? Just to recap: If every birth mother gives birth to only three children, and every couple has two children, and the society is required to reproduce itself: then fully 2/3 at least of all women must be birth mothers. This is hardly reflective of the plot."
"I know dystopian societies are popular now but this book is an original.  Jonas is mildly curious about the changes going on around him.  I like that he's not obsessed or relentless satisfying his curiosity.  The past is so far in the past or they've had their memories erased, it makes them naive & compliant.  You never really see them as the bad guys because of this, they don't know any better & they're just following rules.  Seems like a boring life to me."
"After the first boring pages you almost cannot put it aside . It is set in a strange world where everything is predetermined . At first it seems to be an interesting way of life but more and more you get to know how it really  is . The book is writen very realistic because you think , that you are a  part of the action . It is only a pity that at the end there are still so  many questions left. But all in all I have to say : Read it or you will  regret it !!"
"This book is great it portrays life lived in a utopian world where nothing is wrong, and everything is perfect.  What startled me was at the end of the book I did not know whether he was dead from the cold and seeing the  ""Elsewhere"" or if he was alive and saw the ""Elsewhere"".  It was a fascinating book and it was really easy to read and I would  recommend this book to a person.  It makes them think about what is going  on in this world!"
"I first read this book in third grade and even then I was able to realize what a profound literary work it was.  One of the first books that drew me into reading for fun, it was one I have reread many times. The plot and  setting make you think about your own life and make your imagination strech  into another world. Now in seventh grade I'm able to see the deeper meaning  of this book and I reccomend it for anyone wanting to go on an amazing  adventure."
I read this book when selecting it for an elementary public school  library. I really liked it and wanted to include it with other books by  Lowry. But I really didn't think the kids would like it much (or understand  it). Was I ever wrong!! My fifth graders all stood in line for that little  paperback copy! We all had some great discussion about the meaning of the  ending. And I got a better understanding of the depth of a fifth grader's  comprehension!
I just recently read this book for school and I did not want to read it. The first time I picked up the book I couldnt put it down. I think its a great look at how the future could become if we continue trying to make a controled enviroment for americans. Its also just a great little story and kept me reading which is hard to do because i hate to read. I would reccomend this book to anyone who likes to finish a book and feel really good after their done.
"This book seems to be about a boy. It seems to be about how he deals with conformity. At the same time, this book could seem like a warning for society. This book, all the way up to the end seems to be about interpreting what it is about, and for a story such as the one it tells, it works. I read this in sixth grade, and it has not lost any of its luster. If you're looking for a book either to analyze or just to have a good trade, I recommend this book."
"I thought The Giver was a very strange book. I thought it was strange because their community had so many rules. For example, they become adults when they are 12, and the men have to apply for their wives and children. I enjoyed reading The Giver. I thought it was interesting seeing a whole different culture. Lois Lowry did a wonderful job making a whole different world and culture. I think people should read The Giver because it is a well written book."
"The book the giver was on the first books that I ever really read just for the sake of reading it.  Before it I had just read books that were assigned to me in school.  And to my suprised it was pretty good.  It was about  something that I usually didn't read about in school.  I thought that the  book was very interesting, and really kept my attention.  I would recommend  this book to some one who dosen't usually read a lot of books just for fun  of it."
"My 13 yr old son read this book he really liked it.  He told me all about the book.  It really made him realize that we live in a world where you can still pretty much make your own decision.  He says it was easy to read and was interested in finding out what was happening on the next page. I think if it was able to keep my 13 year old intereseted it's got to be ""good reading""."
"As many reviewers noted, The Giver is a wonderful book. However, the audio CD is is not divided by chapter. Each CD contains about 14 files. They all have the same track name, such as ""track 1"". All CDs have a ""track 1"". It's confusing for the player when you load the CDs. It thinks it's the same file.Anyway, I was commenting on the audio CD itself, not the novel."
"A book written nearly twenty-five years ago couldn't be more timely. If anything, it has been made clearer by the passage of time. It strikes at the heart of man's inhumanity to man and shows how easily we could fall into a routine of acceptance. At the time it was published, some thought this was not a book for children. Now it seems quite tame by comparison to other dystopia stories. It is a book today's children can read, appreciate and think about."
"This book pulled at me for a long time, but as a child, I avoided it for an unknown reason.  now I have poured myself into it, deeply, and found myself emerging. sickened and tearful and filled with an appreciation of the world I have. Lois Lowry did something holy with this book: she made it visceral and real, despite the dystopian setting. I hated the ending. I did. I know I was supposed to like it,  and yet, I couldn't bring myself to take it well."
"If you ever wonder what the perfect society would be like read this book.  This book introduces us to the ""perfect"" society and the cost which is paid to uphold it.  The book is a lesson to us all that perfection is better left as a idea as opposed to a reality.  Character development is somewhat minimal in this book.  Lowry does a good job with developing the main characters but the others are kind of flat, but don't get me wrong Lowry does a good job considering the length of the book.  The plot is excellent and despite the flat charcters it will get you hooked."
"When I first started reading this book, my boyfriend laughed at me. He told me it was something he had read in 6th grade. But I don't think a 6th grader can fully understand the message in this book. It makes you realize how lucky we are to live on this earth, even with all the bad things that happen. Jonas's world was not perfect, even though he believed that it was at first. How can a world without color, love and emotion be perfect? To me, love is the basis of all life. I recommend this book to anyone who wants to read something that will make him or her think."
I honestly don't know what to think of this. It was amazing and sad and poignant and just well everything at once. Short but compelling so many questions can arise from this book  regarding its message but it's written so it would mean something different to you at many stages throughout your life. Very few books can irrevocably change the way you see the world and this is something beyond even that. It is inexplicably amazing. The humanity displayed here is unparalleled with an ending that is so definite but open to interpretation. I love it. So good it's scary.
"I thought this book was excellent. I am in awe of this author. This book made me think about our society and how we often become discouraged by the way people act.  However after reading this book I've become appreciative of the world's beauty, and people's gradually growing acceptance of ""difference"". A great read for any person who ever became bored with sameness and a great inspiration for younger adults who usually avoid standing  out in any way.  Go ahead young and old adults-see the colors, smell the flowers and most of all hear the music of a life lived."
"This book was written as a youth book but it is for everyone.It is set in a time where everyone has a set of rules to live by.  There are no choices to make , because people make the wrong one.  There is no color in the world and medication is given once puberty hits so you have no desire.There is one person called the receiver who has all the memories and is ready to give them to a young person.This is where I will leave this..what could happen when a person sees color, feels love, experiences war, sees Afamily, a home?A wonderful book,"
"""The Giver"" was an excellent book and it deffinatly deserves five stars hands down. I thought this book was very intresting and it will hold your attention till the very end. In the book it teaches you to be thankfull for what you have and not what you don't, because it shows you what life could be like in the future. I personally liked the end because it leaves you at a point where you're the one who has to make the decisions on what happens next. Over all I still give ""The Giver"" five stars because of the well writen text, not to mention the adventure."
"I think that overall The Giver is a fantastic book.  It had all kinds of genres to it.  It had at least three.  For instance it had fiction, suspense, and sadness.The fictional part about it was that none of this could have ever happened in real life except for the more logical things like food and clothing.  The suspense was at the end of the bool when Jonas and Gabriel ran away.  It had you keep reading to see if they would survive.  It was sad because if someone had twins the lightest one would be killed(Released) and there's no freedom in the Community."
"I read this book in elementary school. I'm now in my late 20's and had the urge to reread it from an adult's perspective. I'm glad I did, the book (even though it's an easy read) is mindblowing for any aged reader. It's simple enough for children to get through but adults will understand all the underlying themes children won't get.Honestly I can't recommend this book enough. While I do wish it was longer (you can easily read this in a day or two) I can't deny how powerful it is. If you're at all into reading classic novels this one is a must read."
"Usually, a book takes you on an adventure via a course plotted to a specific destination. The Giver is not a typical book. A simple story that illustrates a world that's been stripped down to only its most manageable realities, The Giver shimmers on the surface while roiling subterraneously. The narrator, a proxy for the reader, slowly starts to see what exists and has existed through the prism of memories shared by a wise man. Once seen, life is irretrievably changed. A choice must now be made. Would you choose the same? Therein lies the gift Ms. Lowry gives."
"I  am in grade seven and I  loved this book. it is thoughful and flows beautifully from one scene to the next. lois lowry provides a stunning read for all ages, leaving the ending with endless possibilities. one thing that bothered me is that lowry could have elaborated much more near the ending of the book. the book would be a much more effective book and lengthened it as well. also ifeel lowry did a great job with the emotion of sadness and with the deeper message lying beneath the surface. overall i absolutely adore this book, with just one small drawback."
"I really enjoyed this book.... it explores what is going on in society, to dismiss uncomfortable things and ideas because they are not ""normal"". I too find myself closed off from negative things because I am comfortable not knowing what's going on around me because it causes me sadness and discomfort. This short story has made an impact on me as an adult, this story has made me want to open myself up. I am going to have my children read this for sure!"
"This is a great read for all ages. I reread this book every time a new one came out in this series and I was excited to see ""Son"" come out that tied into this first of the series. I came across 'The Giver' in a middle school reading program - I always wondered what happened after the end of the book and was excited when the series continued. I'm in my 70's now and this book has been one I've passed down to my children and grandchildren as a must read."
The Giver is a funny and serious book it was written by Louis Lowery and I would give it two thmbs up! This book is based in a place with no color! In this book find a boy named Jonas. Jonas is a boy that will under go terriable hardships and pain that will change him forever. One of the most memoable moments is when Jonas gets a memory he is slideing down a icey hill and he can't control his sled. If you like Science Fiction books check this one out.
"The Giver was a very good book, no doubt about it. Any book your read that gives you a whole new world always keeps you wanting to read more.Living in  a perfect world with no worries, fear or pain, its just keeps getting more  interesting. New things that you'd never have guessed would happen. Then  only dissapointment about this book was that fact that then ending really  had no point. But all in all, this, i would have to say, is a very good  book."
"A real interesting and suspensful ride into your imagination.  A real enjoyable book for pre-teens and teens.  A well wrighten book.  It sure deserves the John*Newberry*Medal.  The bigging is a little on the boring side, but it starts to get better and better during the book.  Once u get a  hold of the book u won't wan't to put it down for anything.  that's why I  give it 5 stars.  It's what it deserves.  5 stars for the great story  called The Giver."
"Unfortunately, I read the fourth in the series, before having read this first book. However, I found both books to be phenomenal in their content, almost eerie and haunting in their tone.  This book, rather, this series, has a frightening predictive quality about it, about what happens to a society when a government takes complete control. Almost a ""Truman""- esque feel to it (if you've seen that movie). Very thought provoking, in its content."
"I read this to my 9 and 10 year old kids as a family togetherness activity.  The book deals with very adult themes and questions, and really encouraged my kids to think...though it was completely appropriate for them, with no sex, violence, bad language, difficult to follow words, etc.  Would highly recommend for anyone looking to explore the pros and cons of our society, and possible alternatives...and wants their kids to explore the same questions."
Is very provocative and sure hits in a lot of controversial themes.  Is a very easy reading and can be read in one sitting.  I recommend it to young readers but should be discussed with adult wisdom.  Of course people believes are chanllenged in this book but is just a way of the author to inspire discussion of current events and ways that people can be instrumental in changes for better or worst.  Free will is a topic prevalent throughout the book.
"I thought The Giver was a very strange book. I thought it was strange because their community had so many rules. For example, they become adults when they are 12, and the men have to apply for a wives and children. I enjoyed reading The Giver. I thought it was interesting seeing a whole different culture. Lois Lowry did a wonderful job making a whole different world and culture. I think people should read The Giver because it is a well written book."
"Ms.Lowry shows her best in this book.It is about a boy Jonas,who becomes The Reciver of Memory.When I say this book says everything it says everything. For example: 1.You may not chose your own mate.Why?Because of gender issues.No boy+boy or girl+girl relationships. 2.Only BirthMothers can bear children.Why?So mothers won't have to feel the loss of children. 3.No color.Why?The only solution to racism. Read the book,and you'll realize how good it is!"
"The giver is one book that left an imprint on me when I first read it as a child. This time, I am revisiting this wonderful piece of literature for a 5th time. The Giver immerses the reader into a world of sameness without the joy of colors, love, and sunshine. This is a must read for people of all ages. A reminder that the world in not comprised of just us, just now. Anything more that is said would be a disservice to the reader, spoiling what should be experienced first hand through the eyes of a reader."
"The Giver I thought was a very good book. It provides us with a glimpse of the good and bad of a utopian society. I would suggest to everyone that you read this book. At first you may not be interested, but it only gets better along the way. The Giver opens up your eyes, and you begin to feel for the main character Jonas, as well as the Giver. You will also begin to have your own feelings about the society Jonas lives in and being released. Therefore, the Giver is an exciting book that everyone will enjoy!"
"I just finished Lois Lowry's book The Giver and it was all right.  There was no action in it.  He lives in a society unlike ours.  There is no color, pain, fear or war.  At 12 you get your life's occupation.  Although I wouldn't want to live in a world with pain, fear or war, I would like to make decisions, like my job, spouse and have my own children.  If you want to read a book about a different society The Giver is your book."
"Lois Lowry's book ""The Giver"" is an anti-utopian novel because it takes place in a future without any fear, warfare and hunger but it shows in that way how difficult it is for Jonas and the Giver to live in a  perfect world like that. Lois Lowry is a famous author for child-books  which are also interesting for adults. I liked ""The Giver"" very  much although the beginning is boring because nothing exiting happens but  from chapter to chapter it becomes more interesting and fascinating."
"I thought ""The Giver"" was a good and interesting novel. Its setting was interesting because it took place in a perfect world called the Utopia, where everything was the same. It was a good fiction novel because the setting is different from our world. I  like how the author keeps you thinking after each chapter, and makes you want to keep reading. I also like all the suspenful events that take place throughout the novel. Most of all, I like the message the author gives being ""Does a perfect world exist""."
"The Giver is a well-written and well-composed book. Lois Lowry, the author, deserves an award on the amazing job she did portraying the utopian ideals.  This book is truly one of the best I have ever read.  Jonas, the main character, is a smart and deep character.  I could not put the book down.  At first you truly believe that the society they live in is for the best.  As you read on you learn more about the community and the way it works.  I recommend this book to everyone who enjoys an excellent book."
"I really enjoyed this story because the author, Lois Lowry stepped outside of ""life as we know it"" and brought new, never-before thought of concepts to the reader's mind.  After reading, The Giver, I am very happy  to live in such a wonderful world filled with colors, emotions and feeling.  It was terrible to think of the world without these precious neccessities  which we usually take for granted.  I am glad it had a happy ending, where  society was restored to how it should always have been!"
"In Language Arts we read The Giver and Number the Stars. I really enjoyed both of them. Lowry has a great imagination. The Giver was a well written book. I liked how descriptive Lowry was. I could really get the picture and idea. I also enjoyed Number the Stars. I never wanted to stop reading at the end of class. It kept me on the edge of my seat.  I really hope Lowry will continue to write because I love her style and creativity. When I feel like a good book, I will definitely pick up a Lois Lowry book."
"I wanted to read the book because i had heard good things about it. Also, i heard a movie was being created. I've read many, many books. Some of which are commonly known, like The Hunger Games. The Giver is a refreshing story. I don't regret reading it, and i know i could say great things about it too. It opens eyes in many ways and gives you a sense of comfort for what we have. I'd say this book was definitely enjoyable and I hope other people feel the same way. It's very heart-warming. You'll love it!"
"This book was on a list of books being released as movies in 2014.  I have always loved reading books before seeing them in movie form just to compare the director's interpretation of the characters' perceived feelings and experiences. I am excited to see how this story is adapted.  ""The Giver"" was incredibly thought provoking and well written, pulling the reader in immediately.  It is a quick read, but the issues presented and content will crop up at the strangest times once you have finished the book."
The book that I really liked is called the Giver.  it wasn't the same as any other book I have read.  A lot of people like stories that are just mysteries or just something surprising happens.  But this book gots a little bit of mystery in it as well.  In this community everything is the same.  Kids get their bike at a certain age.  The best part occurs when you get to the middle of the book.  I really recommend this book to people who like to read.
"This was a wonderful book. My book club members were surprised I had never read it, so we gave it a shot. I was thoroughly impressed with the wonderful writing and story. I also loved reading the authors description at the end about where she got all of the inspiration. The ending was also great. A good book to discuss at book club.I would absolutely recommend this to someone. I am both excited and nervous to see this made into a movie."
"For me it was the first time reading an anti-utopian text and so the plot was a new experience in literature. But nevertheless I am fascinated. The Giver tells the story of a community, the story of a boy and while the  reader is informed about this perfect world the boy's eyes are opened. In  my opinion this book would be a nice x-mas gift for younger and older ones.  The Giver is such a well written bock and so I enjoyed reading it every  second."
"i thought this book was great. it really made you think about the freedoms we do possess and what it might possibly be like if they were taken away. like, what would the world be like without emotion, or music, or even  color... it would be totally different totally controlled. i think the  aurthor had a good sense of how important those freedoms are, and how much  they make life what it is and that is why she wrote the book. read it, it  is great!"
"I recently was required to read The Giver during a college course and was surprised to learn that it was a children's book (thank you Dr. Homan!).  It deals with issues that not only a child can relate to but also many  issues for adults as well.  It sparked many heated debates during class  discussion as well as enabling us to look inside ourselves to find a  greater good.  In many ways it is a ""Big Brother"" that children  can relate to."
"I would recomend the book the Giver for all young people above the age of nine.  The Giver is a complex book about a boy named Jonas living in what he thought was a perfect world.  When Jonas becomes a twelve he is assigned the job of reciever.  When given memories of the real world, Jonas doesn't know how to handle it.  Join Jonas as he learns what kind of a world we live in. Lois Lowry does a nice job or describing the world around us in a book."
"Before reading the Giver I had never read a book over 100 pages, after, I read one a week! It was a real page-turner. My teacher assigned it to me to read before the end of the semester (4 weeks) and I finished it that night. I recommend it to anyone who has not yet found the ""fun"" in  reading. This book changed my life, now I enjoy reading rather then  thinking of it as a chore. A must for anyone who likes a story that makes  you think."
"Meh. Maybe because I have read a lot of dystopia now? I just found this boring. And the ending stinks! But I didn't care even then what it meant. I am not the slightest interested in reading the next book. If it came to be for free I might try. I am again sad that I can't dance to everyone else's idea of fabulous, classic clucking. But guess I must sway to my own waltzes."
a story that is set in a futeristic world where there is no problens or pain. This book was decent. It was exciting but was very open ended and confusing at times. Despite those reasons i still loved this book because it kept me on the edge of my seat and it was very discriptive especially at the end when he had new experiances that were previously unheard of. All in all i would recomend this book to any reader of science fiction and/or fantasy
This book was not that very interesting since I really don't like reading.I thought this book could make me fall asleep even with loud sounds by me.It could have been since I hate reading long books like this one.But I still read it so I kind of liked some parts of it.I really didn't understand it that's why. Books bore me so don't take it personaly alright.I liked the idea of them trying to save Gabriel.The whole memories thing was dumb in away.
"This book hooks you from the beginning and you don't want to put it down!  Every reader cheers for Jonas as he finds free will, yet your heart aches for his not being able to use it.  I only gave it 4 out of 5 stars because I thought the ending was severely lacking.  The conclusion came too close to the climax of the book.  I just like to KNOW the ending of a book without drawing a million conclusions out of imagination.  Still a must read book:)"
"The Giver is an amazing book about a boy in a perfect world, who is selected for a special job, and he is a very important citizen now. Jonas now has much pressure and many hardships to overcome. What will happen in  this story? Lois Lowry  has created a differtent style book, and it is  inspiring to myself and others. Read this great masterpiece that you will  cherish, enjoy, and remember for a lifetime! I highly recommend this  exquisite story."
"although simply written, the giver has the makings  of a classic.  jonas's world is eerily believable and forces the reader to reflect on his/her present life. lowry has noted all the things we sometimes take for  granted--the ability to see colour or feel love,for instance--and has  created a land that seems a utopia at first, but is ultimately something  frightening.  the giver is  truly thought-provoking, and its lessons will  remain with you."
"Lois Lowry has given us her vision of the future of mankind, and we should heed her warnings.  This novel is usually recommended for young adults(it won the Newberry Award), but I have recommended it to many adults as well and have always been astounded by the positive and energetic responses it evoked.  The ending of this novel is classic, and it should provide hours of discussion and interpretation.  Great choice for a book group to delve into"
"This book was absolutely amazing. I was glued the whole way through and finished it in one day. It is a short read but so worth it. I would encourage anyone of any age to read this book and it has now landed a place in my top 5 books. The Giver is a powerful and brilliant story, of love, feelings and what it is to really experience life. I don't want to give anything away, but I cannot express enough how much I enjoyed this book. Just read it!!!"
"What a treasure. I wasn't sure what to expect when I bought this book. I had heard nothing but good reviews but had no idea what it was about. I read the whole thing this morning in one sitting and I am left basically speechless. I absolutely loved the book, and as an avid reader I don't give out that kind of praise often. I am going to read the rest of her books and look forward to watching the film. Definitely recommend this book to anyone! :)"
"I recomend the book the Giver by Lois Lowry to 12 year olds.  This book is good because it is different from our world.  There world is so painless and not exciting.  The community doesn't have to choice anything.  Everthing there is under control.  Jonas, almost a 12, is starting to train for the new Reciever and is trained by the Giver.  The Giver has memories of the true world and of the past.  Jonas experiences new things that he never knew."
"The ""The Giver"" is a ""wiered"" book. Its storyline is quite unexpected, and basically the story isn't really what I like to read. But it turns out that the sense of the book is of a deeper meaning, and afer spending a while thinking of it I realized tahat it's at least a good Idea for a book. But honestly, the ending could be much better. I won't tell why, but be warned. After all the book is easy to read and quite interesting"
"The GIVER is a book about a futuristic society where the people have very few choices about anything. Thats not everything though, the main character is chosen as the next Giver and that is where the story really begins because the Giver is the memory keeper and from the Giver, Jonas ( thats the main characters name) learns of days long ago and wants to change things, and thats where things really get interesting...(Review by my 15 yr. old son)"
"I think that the Giver is the best book. It was very well written and is a very thought provoking novel. I would recomend this book to everyone. It has a reading level at which young children can read and fully comprehend, but it is not to easy to read so it appeals to all ages. I think that it is easy to identify with the characters and it proves to us that a utopia is not always the best place even though poeple always dream that it would be."
"Hi, my name is Ashley Dean. I am a seventh grader at Cadillac Middle School. In the past month I have read a book of yours.  I thought The Giver was a great book, especially at the end. My favorite part of it was at the ceremony of twelve when the Chief Elder skipped Jonas. I think it would be a good idea to make a sequel to it. It was very tempting to read especially at the end, but I wish it would have told what happens to Jonas and Gabe."
The Giver was a pretty good look at what our future could look like. It would be an unfair life to live without color or feelngs.The book really discribed how you it not be very fun to see with no color or feelings. I think that Lois Lowery could have made the ending way better i was disapointed in the ending and how she left us out to hang. But this book opened my eyes to what we could grow up living like in the future. Maybe we already are.
"I'm a 12 y/o from San Diego and i read The Giver last year. I understood most of it but the beginning was a little shaky as i was only 11. But still, toward the middle of this fascinating book, I started to understand the beginning and how it connected the end to itself. Then it all unraveled and started to make perfect sense. It looked like Lois Lowry was smoking something in the beginning but the end added a cherry to top this masterpiece."
"His spirits and strengh lifted with the momentary warmth and he stood, again Gabriel stirred against him as he began to climb.  That is part of Lois Lowry's book, ""The Giver"". The main characters in the book are Jonas who is twelve and smart, his father a nurturer, his mother who works in the department of law & justice. Another is Asher who has trouble with langauge, Fiona is a good caretaker,The Giver is a honored"
"It would be superfluous of me to write yet another suportive review for this book, which has quite a few already.So I'll keep this short...This book displays the necessity for individuality in a society and is overall a beautiful book. I read it when I was 15 also, and it still had a tremendous effect on me!(Reminiscent of 'Anthem') There is no age limit on this upstanding story! I highly recommend this to anyone who has yet to read it!"
"I am a high school freshmen and we read this for freshman english.  I told my mom that we were going to read this and she didn't seem very happy.  I asked her why and she said that it was a good book but didn't think that we  should be reading it in a christian school.  Why you might ask, is because  they like to over do their community just a little bit!  Almost to much!  Anyway, my suggestions are to read it but remember who you are!!!!!"
"This is an amazing story of a world in ""sameness"". Jonas thinks about why and how things work, and tries to understand it all. They way that Jonas slowly discovers things that we normally take for granted, i.e.: color, hills/valleys, sunlight, and smell, its all very thrilling and exciting. I would recommend this book to anyone who likes a good adventure, or to someone who likes to read about heroes. Jonas definitely has an act of heroism."
"The Giver is probably the wierdest book I have ever read.  Yet it is one of the best books I have ever read.  If you are looking for a book that you really get into, read this.  It is about a controled community that was  designed to be a utopia.  But the people of it did not realize what was  being hid from them.  Then finally somebody realized what was happening to  the community and did something about it.  I highly recommend this book."
This book is fantastic. Catches your imagination right off.
"I read this for school and I loved it. It was  very different and it made me look at life in a different way after having read this book. It is a great teens book. If you have the chance to read it, do so. Some people didn't like this book as much, though. It is one that is different for everybody but I loved it.It is very thought provoking!Rating: 6.5/10Parental Rating: 13+ (Some things may be scary for younger readers)"
"This is a great book, very well-written.  I had just read Aldous Huxley's Brave New World, which I found to be flat and unrealistic.  Immediately upon starting this book, I knew it was much, much better.  The ending is horrible, I don't blame the 1-star crowd for pointing that out.  I assumed the next book in the series would pick up this storyline, but the reviews I've read would seem to indicate otherwise.  Even with a drop-off-the-cliff ending, though, this book was a hundred times better than Brave New World."
"The Giver was a book which made me think.  It was a great descriptive book.  You knew what was going on and why it was going on at all times.  It was kind of sad though.  I couldn't imagine being in a society where nothing changes, no choices are made, and everyone looks basically the  same.  A world without color?  Without music?  Without holidays?  It  portrayed our life, real life, as a fable, a mere legend.  Like The Matrix,  it makes you think.  We're lucky to have what we have in life...especially  choices."
"This is a required reading for my 8th grade class. Lowry spins a sophisticated tale that engrosses students and adults from the start. However, there are a few incidents that have caused parents to call me. One is when a baby is killed, and another is an erotic bathtub scene between two 12 year olds. Although the murder and the sexual innuendo is important to the story, it is awkward in the classroom. Parents don't like it and it is an uncomfortable read aloud. However, as a work of literature, Bravo Lois Lowry!"
"I wasn't overly impressed with this book although I couldn't point to a specific fault in it. The story was good, the characters well developed and with good prose. It has all the makings of a great novel but lacks that final touch that will make it shine above the rest. Somehow it failed to fully satisfy me and I was left wanting more.I'm giving 5 stars because, like I said before, I couldn't really find a fault in it and it's probably an issue of personal preference rather than a shortcoming from the author."
"This was assigned to my kids for summer reading. They read it, begrudgingly, but liked it. Like many books, it didn't immediately draw me into the story. I had to work for the first couple of chapters to really care and I never felt invested in the characters throughout the book (the only reason I gave it 4 stars). The plot, though, was captivating. It unfolded at a nice pace. The ending was not expected (which I love) but was very warm and gratifying. It left an impression on me that lasted for days. Well done."
I really like this book about the giver it was very interesting.This is the best book I read this year.This one of the book I've paid attention to in class. At the end of the book it leaves you clue less or its just me. There are some parts that are said and there are some parts that are happy.You have to understand it to read the book or you just won't get the book one bit.I gave the book a 5 because I like it and it one of books that interesting.I f you get a chance to read this book I bet you will like it to.
"The Giver was unlike any book I have ever read before.  It captured my heart right from the beginning.  In a place where love, war, and flaws are unknown, a young boy begins to discover that his society is full of nothing but sameness.  They are lacking the beautiful things which make our society so special, such as color, sunshine, snow, and most importantly our incredible feelings of love.  Jonas learns that the world he has grown up in is meaningless, and he decides to turn his life around while he still can."
"Lois Lowry does not give us the perfect society, she gives us a society of everyday people who have become morally lazy because they live in a comfort zone. I read this book in junior high and loved it. It's a novel about sacrificing emotions, art, and morality for the comfortable life. The characteristics and crimes of this supposed eutopia are intreguing. Lowry has an impressive imagination and vivid writing style. Her original take on the eutopia topic will be well appreciated by everyone from age 11 upwards."
"I sat down on a long car ride deciding  to read this book rather than be bored (which is what I expected to become reading the book or not).  But I was NOT bored.  The book was so astounding.  It makes you feel sad to think  of such a community ever existing.  And even the people themselves being so  brain-washed and ignorant to know how their ""perfect life"" is so  controlled is a scary thought.  I can read this book again and again.  I  definitely recommend The Giver to any reader, no matter what age."
"I first heard this book when my teacher read it to the class. I found it to be >THE< best book  I have ever read. I first hear of how good the  community in this book is,but I become shocked by  the freedoms denied to it's people. When Jonas  finds out, he feels as if the life he had experienced was just a lie. When he decides to leave, he takes a young baby named Gabriel with  him. Going on a long journey filled with never-ending pain. Yet, at the last parts he feels the best joys he has ever experienced."
"The giver was one of the greatest books I've read. I thought it was confusing at first but it got better in the end. The giver starts off with a boy named Jonas. He is turning 12 and he is going to be assigned a role he will do for the rest of his life. He lives in what they call a perfect world with no war, no suffering, no mistake. But the giver is the only one who knows true sadness and true happiness. I highly recommend this book!"
"I highly encourage everyone to read the book The Giver. The setting for the story is in what would seem to me to be a cold, dark, colorless world, in which Jonas, a 12 year old boy, lives. As the book progresses, you learn to understand Jonas and that world in which he lives, and by the end, you totally root for him to accomplish what he sets out to do. I think that if you enjoy a good book, this one would be an excellent one to read!"
"Lois Lowry has put together a choppy and strangely writtenchronicle of conformity. Young Jonas lives in a community of samness and safety--- that provides the extremely dull basis for the first few chapters.  Maybe it would be better if the action started sooner, thedetail might please, oh, how about a professor of grammar? BORING! For a kid, defintely too physcological.  The character were quite realistic however."
The Giver is a great book for ages 8 and up. It's a book about never giving up and doing what you belive. In the society that Jonas lives in everything is the same. No one can see color and they have many rules that  they have to live by. It is very interesting the way that these people live  compared to the way that we live today. This is the one book that I have  read and enjoyed. Once you pick it up you wont be able to put it down.
Based on the description and cover I thought this was a young adult/adult book. It was odd because the writing was very simple yet the theme pretty mature. Strange because I feel like it would be best for a 11/12 year old but the theme is too heavy and some of the twists (SPOILER DON'T READ ON) and infanticide? Not something I want my 11 year old thinking about. Just weird. Ending was really open ended. Not sure who this book is for.
"I had to read this in the sixth grade and the only thing I remembered about it was I didn't like it. I thought it was boring and dull, but boy was I wrong. Maybe it's because I'm older now, but I loved this book. It was packed with great meaning and for some reason struck a chord with me. Definitely recommend it. Though I would recommend it for older kids (high school level or higher) because they might be able to appreciate it more."
"What can I say, the book was well thought up. it seemed so real that is how wounderfuly written it was. i hope for a second book. the book is based on a time why after all of our genirations. were there is no war, color  animals what so ever no pain or true feelings. That is all Jonas has ever known that is intell his twelvth year. when he is chossen to be the next reciver of every memory of time, color war love, loss, true emotions."
"I read this book when I was in 8th grade and it was one of those required readings that didn't feel so ""required"".  The plot is intricate, interesting and full of surprises as you discover the main character and the odd world he lives in.  The ending does leave questions unanswered but that's the beauty of it.  It allows the reader to imagine and conjecture their own ending.  It makes you think, which is the purpose in any good book."
"This book has a tad of a slow beggining, but once you geet into about the third chapter, you can't put it down! A young boy finds out the truth about his so-called ""Perfect"" community. It helps you truly enjoy the luxury of our lives. You start to connect with the characters, but when it's over, it devestates you because you don't ever want it to end. Lois Lowery once again, impressed me beyond beliefs. It is a wonderful book indeed."
I have to say that I'm not a person that really reads a lot.  I never have time too.  I picked up this book before I fell asleep assuming that I'd just put it down not long after. Boy was I wrong.  I stayed up all night long reading this book and had it finished by morning!  The book really hooks you and makes you keep reading!  I recommend this book to everyone!!!  I have read it so many times and I still am not sick of it!  Try it!
"The Giver, a book I read over the summer, was based on a young boy named Jonas who worked very hard to accomplish the goals he had ahead of him. One goal he had to achieve was the goal The Giver assigned to him. This goal  was called the reciever of memorie. At first, Jonas thought he would never  be the receiver of memorie. After all, it does seem like a hard job.  Although he thought that it was hard, he found it easy and exciting."
"Hi, my name is Brooks Trump. I read the book The Giver. It was a weird, but sad book. The Giver was weird because the people would have to do assignments, and I wouldn't want to suffer bad memories. I think it was sad because of the twins process. How the lightest baby has to die. I wouldn't let that happen if I was the Giver. I liked it because it was agood book.I think the author should write a second book of The Giver."
"This book is a great reminder that as we seek for equality, there can be a price to pay...our individuality, our successes, our happiness, our own sorrows and pain, that help us appreciate the joy. We could lose our choices as we let others dictate what is right and wrong, and give them control if our freedom. This novel is a great example of what a utopian society could be like. I personally don't want it like Jonas didn't want it."
"This needs to be offered as a complete series. ""The Giver"" ends abruptly before the main character finds *any* sort of resolution, which I found jarring.That being said, the book is a cautionary tale of what any society could become if taken to a planned/forced homogeneous extreme and presents a world clearly foreign, yet eerily recognizable as possible if certain classes of people were allowed to have their way."
"First of all let me say I love this book.My issue is that this is listed as The Giver (Giver Quartet), and I incorrectly assumed that it was the series. (Yes, I could have paid a little more attention to product details) I'm not horribly disappointed, it's a great hardcover and I will enjoy displaying it on my bookshelf. Product title just needs to be switched to something a bit clearer like The Giver (Giver Quartet, Book One)"
"Glad I finally picked this up to read after seeing a great review for the fourth book, The Son, in this series.  Figured I'd start with the first to see how it was.  Great book.  Moves quickly, characters well developed, and interesting dystopian plot.  I think it's a good book for all ages.  It's also a commentary on society without being preachy.  I've since read the second in the series's and look forward to the next two as well."
"I absolutely love this book.  It not only provokes thoughts and ideas, it touches the people reading it.  Utopias are interesting subjects to read about.  Imagine a world without any pain, hardship, or public death.  However, there is also no love.  The main character, Jonas, realizes this as he receives memories.  I can't describe what some parts of this book make you feel.  I would recommend The Giver to anyone over the age of 12."
"This book surpasses words. As a 12 year old from New Jersey, I thought  that this book left just enough to the imagination to keep one thinking  about it for the next few years. I read this book just months before I read  1984, and the settings matched almost perfeclty. If anyone isn't convinced,  it is a great book to introduce before a novel like 1984. It puts the  reader in a mind-frame that isn't to harsh and just mature enough."
"Even though this book is aimed for middle schoolers, I as a 50+ year old mom thoroughly enjoyed it and read it in an evening on my kindle. I liked it so much that I went back to Amazon and ordered a paperback version for my 7th grader son... He is hard to buy books for, but I am confident he will like it as well... I did wish for a more ... ""complete"" ending, but I suppose Ms. Lowry left the epilogue for our imagination...."
"I remember reading this in grade school, and I remember hating it. As an adult, I was reminded about this novel by the upcoming movie, so I decided to give it another shot these many years later. I absolutely loved it!There's not much I can say about this book that hasn't already been said, so I'll just emphasize that Ms. Lowry's book is great for kids as well as adults. Now let's just hope Hollywood doesn't mess it up."
"Overall, it's just not that great.The story isn't that bad but basically an updated retelling of Ayn Rand's Anthem mixed with some elements of the Matrix aimed at early teens or pre-teens.The illustrations (though nice, in that early 1980's nostalgic vibe) are too few to be worth calling the book ""illustrated"" and don't really add a thing to the book (other than the price apparently).bleh"
This book is my most cherished book I own.It is such a movingbook that make you realize how one person can make the diference inlife.This book made me cry because it moved me so much. It is about a boy nameb Jonas who lives in this society were there is no pain no love atlest no feelings they can remember. At the age of twelve Jonas had gotten asgined the job of reciver of memories. Can Jonas still live in a world without feelings?
"I have just read this book, and I love it! I usually don't read books, but my school is requiring me to read it over the summer. I just couldn't put it down! I now understand how much we as a society take things for granted.  The book's ending, however I didn't like because it wasn't as clear as the  rest. I would like to read a sequel to this to see what happens to Gabe,  Jonus, ""the community"", and of course, the Giver."
"While many reviewers state that this is an adult book, not children's literature, I disagree.  Our children are a lot smarter than most of us give them credit for.  This book deals with confusing issues in a way that  allows children to see that adults don't have all the answers and that it's  ok to be uncertain.  Children are given a discreet look at adult issues in  a manner that helps them to make sense of the world around them."
"I'd never read the Giver until a couple years ago. Great book. Kind of a children's Gattica, or a slant on A Brave New World, except with hope instead of depression.Journey with the main character as he finds a magical layer of reality beyond the drugged mundane life The Government had planned for him (and the rest of society...).I thought the ending was a set up for a sequel... And it was. I haven't read that one yet, though."
"The idea of an alernate reality is a good one. This book is definitely for those who think life should be controlled. Cons outweigh the pros in that world. It has creativity and pizzaz. Nice ending. I think alot of people will read this book and find not only enjoyment, but also advice. Lois Lowry has a great line of books, and this one definitely falls into that line. I hope to read more of her books. She is a really good author."
"The Giver is a very interesting book.  I enjoyed reading about situations that are different than that of one's everyday life.  If you are into reading about things that may seem a little strange or if you like science fiction, this is the book for you.  Many things that happen in this novel are portrayed in a way that makes the reader believe what they read is true.  It is an excellent piece of literature for observing our world."
"While I know that many elements of this story would be impossible to duplicate in real life, it does make one think about what life could be like if the government overstepped its boundaries.It was a very good story and I had no trouble staying interested.  It's just leaving me more thoughtful and melancholy than I thought it would.  The thought of the government controlling lives to that extreme is pretty disturbing."
"The book The Giver starts out a bit confusing.  But as you get more and more into the book it makes a lot more sense.  This book potrays a young boy who is born into and ideal ""community."" Jonas, (the boy)  reaches twelve years old he is told that he will be the community's new  Reciver of Memory.  This is a fabulous book because it shows Jonas'  emotions of the pain caused in his new job, and the pain of seeing beyond."
"i think 'the giver' is a really cool book. i love the way it takes place in what seems like a whole different world than the one we live in--no weather, choices, everything on strict rules. the way that jonas thinks  that it would be a good idea to let everyone share all those memories is  great, and the whole book is very memorable. i would definately reccommend  it, but you should be a fairly good reader and have and open mind."
I liked the Giver because it was exciting. I liked the adventorous things Jonas did in the book. I thought that Jonas being selected as the Receiver of Memory was cool because he is the only child in the community who is special. I was scared at times when Jonas was feeling pain from the memories. I wish that Jonas would have set out to look for the other communities a little more. I hope that there is a sequal to The Giver. I recommend this book to anyone.
I liked the Giver because it was exciting. I liked the adventorous things Jonas did in the book. I thought that Jonas being selected as the Receiver of Memory was cool because he is the only child in the community who is special. I was scared at times when Jonas was feeling pain from the memories. I wish that Jonas would have set out to look for the other communities a little more. i hope that there is a sequal to The Giver. I recommend this book to anyone.
"I feel this book is very interesting. You can't get bored of it, not even if you read it many times.  It shows you a perfect community probably in the future. Once you start reading it you can't stop. This book is so  interesting because it has adventure and surprising scenes. It has a very  surprising ending wich will leave you stunned. I sort of liked the ending.  I liked the way the author describes everything with lots of details, and  it's really fun."
"I love so much about this book but I am slightly disappointed in the ending. I would have been much happier if there had been closure of some sort. Maybe I missed something somehow....but After reading the last page I could only think ""wait....what?"" With the exception of the ending, I would say this book kept my undying attention from page one. I began and finished the book in one day and would have given it five stars if it wasn't for the ending."
"This is a good book about control of society.  They practice sameness under the watchful eyes and ears of the Elders.  Only one person has knowlege of anything not approved, or unknown in their society, and he or she is not allowed to tell. It is about a child who learns the truths,  and the choices he makes.  My son was assigned this book to read over the summer break, we read it together as a family, and it sparked great political and ethical discussion."
"The Giver was a very interesting and exciting book about a couple of communities that are under the restriction of everyone being the same.  This story is a well written one about a boy named Jonas that is elected for the highest position in the community.  It is a strange concept because they don't know colors, animals, hills, clouds, heat, cold, rain, or snow.  All in all this was a very good book because I always wanted to see what was on the next page."
"The book "" The Giver "" written by Lois Lowry is about a boy named Jonas who lives in a community where everything is controlled by the government. He's chosen to be the new Receiver of Memory. He starts to have doubts about the system and finally tries to escape.It's a very imaginative book but sometimes it looses the connection to reality. It is a bit predictable, because you can imagine what the end will be like when you've read the first chapters."
"The Giver is a very interesting book. Lois Lowry does an excellent job in creating an utopian world that takes place in the distant future. However, as Jonas the protagonist learns, this world isn't perfect. The communities are hiding a secret, even from themselves!With an intriguing plot, setting, and characters, I was able to read the book in two sittings, unable to notice the passing of time. When a book is able to do that, we all know it's good."
"The Giver is written by Lois Lowry and it is about a boys life. One of the characters in this book is Jonas. He has a sister named Lily, and a mom and a dad. He has a best friend named Asher and they do cool stuff together. He lives on a flat island. They are like big brother because they have to listen from a big speaker. They have to look the same and you don't pick your job, they give it to you. I think this book is very good, but it is wierd in a way."
"Lois Lowry has an incredible imagination.  This book was addicting like crazy.  The way their whole lives were... it kept me asking the question, ""what if?"".  But it probably is impossible... or improbable.  Oooh!!  Heh... And the way she ended it when they find the normal city...  or something... i forget, i read it a long time ago and i just remember i  though it was outstanding.  One of the best.  Congradulations, Lois, you've  created gold."
"The book was just not clear to me what the point was or where it was going. Not my cup of tea. Not the least believable. This book, I believe, is for young people?? Maybe I'm just too old for it. I've read the second book also. And I have the rest of the books that come after, but I quit after the second one. It's a very popular book, so please look at the other reviews. Just because I didn't care for it doesn't mean you won't!!"
"I read this for a school project and it was better than I thought it would be. It's a bit of a sad book. And some people say it's hard to handle and should not be allowed for kids to read and I can see why they say that but this book isn't all that bad. If you're an adult, unlike me, you may really really enjoy this book, as does my 30 yr old language arts teacher. I suggest this book for all ages.-anonymous seventh grader"
Jonas has now reached the age of twelve and he is anticapating the ceremony of twelve where he will be told his assignment...Little does he know that he is to be singled out to be the Receiver. The holder of all the memories and all the true joys and pain in the world.This will be a challenge for Jonas because he has grown up in a community to where descisions are made for him and he has never had a worry in the world.
"The book is fabulous. It really brings out the importance of individuality and feelings that are taken for granted in today's society. When the truth about the community is learned the emotion and great need for change is almost overwhelming for the main character, Jonas. The book could have been a bit more descriptive in some areas, but over all it was a really good read.Noelle M., Northside High, Jacksonville, NC"
"I just finished Lois Lowry's book The Giver and it was all right.  There was no action in it.  He lives in a society unlike ours.  There is no color, pain, fear or war.  At 12 you get your life's occupation.  Although I wouldn't want to live in a world with pain, fear or war, I would like to make decisions, like my job, spouse and have my own children.  If you want to read a book about a different society The Giver is your book."
"I just finished Lois Lowry's book The Giver and it was all right.  There was no action in it.  He lives in a society unlike ours.  There is no color, pain, fear or war.  At 12 you get your life's occupation.  Although I wouldn't want to live in a world with pain, fear or war, I would like to make decisions, like my job, spouse and have my own children.  If you want to read a book about a different society The Giver is your book."
"I read this book when a controversy arose about it at my son's school.  I wanted to know what all the uproar was about.  I feel the story is extremely thought provoking.  Wouldn't it be great to live in such a ""safe"" world?  Or would it?  My son and daughter both said they'd rather live with some troubles as long as they had freedom.  My belief is that Jonas found Utopia...and it was our world...imperfect as it may be."
"I wanted to give this book more stars, I really did. It starts off strong and compelling and it sucked me right in. I love this style of dystopian fiction, where everything is not as it seems. Unfortunately, it completely falls apart at the end. It's like the author had writer's block but had to find a way to get it done quickly. I found the ending so bitterly disappointing it spoiled the rest of the book for me, unfortunately."
"This is a futuristic fantasy about the problems created when people are intentionally kept from the truth. ""Ignorance is bliss"" fits the populace except for the Giver.  On him falls the memories of the people. The ambiguous ending poses the most problems for readers.  It allows them to read into it whichever ending they want.  Other than that, it is a good read.  As in most cases, the book far exceeds the movie version."
"I chose to read this book because it was a book my little brother had to read for school almost 10 years ago and I remember him liking it.I really liked the story (scenario) but thought it was too short and not deep enough. Also, the end is an ""open"" ending. We don't really know what will happen to Jonas and Gabe... I was hoping to get my answers answered in the 2nd book but apparently not (I did not read it yet)."
This is actually a young adult book which I didn't know when I read it. The story is beautifully simple and at the same time immensely thought-provoking on a deep level. The Giver has a great responsibility and he must find someone to hand the gift over to. Great gifts come with great sacrifices. No spoilers... almost all young adults have read this -- maybe middle school age. Adults will find it a quick and inspirational read.
"I decided to read this book after a couple of people said Hunger Games reminded them of this book.  I loved Hunger Games and decided to give it a try.  Wow, they were right.  In some ways I think it was even better.  I loved being able to witness the day to day life in the community.  The concept of no colors intrigued me and is a little scarey.  Could science ever go so far? I would love to see this book turned into a movie."
"I read this book in grade school back in the 90's, and I still love it today. It's one of my all-time favorites..everything about it. It really makes you think..and just appreciate people for their differences. Our flaws are what bring color to the world. I didn't find one bit of it boring or as some said ""disturbing"". I don't see why a 9 or 10 year old kid wouldn't be able to read it. It's not like a horror novel or something."
"The book i did my report on was the Giver. It was written by Lois Lowry. It is a science fiction book. I think it is more for freshman and sophomores that are guys. It is about a boy in a sttrange world in the future who realizes that the government kills innocent people while also having the duties of the reciever, which is a very important position in his community. He tries to stop the killing and runs away at the end."
"The Giver is one of the best books I ever read. It's about Jonas, a boy who lives in a world without color or feelings. One day he gets his new job that he has to train for and it is Receiver of memories. Jonas has to receive all the memories of a past world with color, feelings, and love. All these memories start him thinking about how horrible his world really is.  This book made me think of how lucky we are to have feelings."
"I thought that this book was OK. In parts of the book you would just think, ""When is this going to end?"" But then towards the end of the book it got a little better and more interesting. In this book Jonas doesnt know of any fear, pain, or war. I think I couldnt get into the book because I couldnt realate to anything. Nothing in his world was like ours."
I loved this bok and I would totally read this again and again. I would recommend this to everyone in the world. I had to read this book in my language arts class and it was so interesting I read ahead. I loved this bok so much. If you want to read another really good book go on Amazon and buy the $5 book from Dann  Miller ( Danniel Miller) (that's my teacher). It looks like there is a owl on the front page of the book covers.
"I thought that the book, the Giver by Lois Lowery was a great book. I loved it, and if I had the time I would read it again and again. I thought the book made a great point, Stand up for what you believe in. The book also was very boring in the beginning but the author made it more interesting. In the end the author just wrapped it up really quickly and I thought I should have been a longer ending. Overall it was a great book!"
"Well The Giver is a good book at first it is a bit nonunderstandable or you wont understand the crazy thing was ther community. And Jonas goes pretty much through a bungh of pain at first I the piece for kids na cause kids is just not piece between all so thats what i thought but at the end or near the end you will mostlikely understand it.So you should read it, it is pretty good. Well till later. By::::::::::::::  1316MIGUEL"
"The Giver is an awsome book!  It has a very interesting and controversial story.  I could not put this book down.  It is very controversial in that it talks about the idea of abortion, comunism, and the world of sameness.  If you are like me you will enjoy arguing and disscussing the meaning of this book with others who have read it.  I recomend this book to all people in the 8th grade or higher because it is so controversial."
"The Giver has to be one of the best books I've ever read. So let me tell you this was an incredible book! I too write stories and from what has been displayed in this one- oh boy! It's this place it takes you to in your mind-a place in which you feel you  actually belong (even though the place they take you to in this book is way  past bizzare). If it's a book you have to read for school or a club, then  they've chosen wisely."
I decided to read this after seeing the movie & watching the extras on the DVD. All the cast spoke of how either they had or their kids had read this in middle school as required reading.  I felt like I was out of the loop since I had never heard of it. Especially after my own daughter who's a freshman in H.S. told me she had as well lol.  I'm glad I finally did though. This is a great book well written with a lot of emotion.
"Lovely book made me cry....BUT WHY DID IT END LIKE THAT??? I'm very upset I just spent 2 hours on what I thought would've been one of my favorite books. The ending is tricky. But obviously with with what's happening, it's the sadder one. Just because of the ending I almost rated it a 1....but it was a good book, so I guess something in between is fair. Would I recommend? Yes. But some of you will be disappointed like I am...."
"I bought the illustrated gift edition of The Giver because it was cheaper than other editions and I was not disappointed! The story itself is great and I loved reading the pieces that came before and after the story. In those pieces the author shares with us some of her memories, and the path that lead her to write The Giver. I highly recommend this book. I'm an adult and I found it an easy read that only took a few hours. :)"
"The giver provides a much needed perspective of how things could be, could have been, and how things could end up. Even without scientific basis, this book shows us a side of humanity that need to be seen from time to time. So many of us don't appreciate little things in our lives. This book takes you back to the basics. Appreciate color, appreciate love, appreciate the purpose of pain. It's deep concepts help one to improve."
"This book is filled with excitment and events that you would have never guessed. There are many twisting events and some confusing, upcomeing decsisions that have to be made. This book shows the true meaning of sacrifice that a young boy has to make. I would suggest this book for 3rd grade and up. No matter how many times you read this book your mind can never quite grasp the matters in this book. I highly suggest this book!"
I read this book about a year ago and I thought it was good. I thought it was very interesting to see what the author thought the future could be like (for instance how the married couples are assigned to each other by their interests instead of falling in love). I liked the small twist at the end and would recomend this book for people who like science ficton as well as anyone who enjoys an easy-to-read and interesting book.
"I personally don't like such typs of books, but the Giver which I read at school is an exception. The well described world in which Jonas lives is an reason for that. The  other reason is the open ending so that everyone can  choose his own end. What I don't like is that the inhabitants of the  community don't realize what happened with them. In my opinion it is a book  that every pupil should have read during his schooltime."
"The Giver is a great book to pick up. I see it as one of the first dystopian society books which stands out to me. The story and character development are very well done and you become very invested later on in the book. My only knock to it is the ending. I feel like it fell a little flat but you could disagree with that. All in all if you are looking for a quicker read but still want a great story, this is the book for you."
"This book had me hooked after the first page! It's a fast read, but has a lot of depth. Lois Lowry is amazing at creating a character that will stick with you. This book not only takes you to another time and place, it forces you to analyze the world around you in present time. I found myself constantly asking ""what would I have done, if that were me?"".  I would recommend this book to everyone and anyone."
"was not way beyond expectations.  It was based on a utopian society, without feelings. Only the Receiver of Memory and The Giver knows the truth from the past. Now Jonas, the Receiver of Memory, has had enough. Without  feelings its not worth living.  He's on his way through elsewhere in  search for a place where people have memories and there's no turning back.  I like the way the book was told, but the ending wasn't bad or good, in  the middle rather."
"It was a book well worth reading. In what appears to be a perfect world, is far from perfect and only one man knows the reason. He is the Giver. He is to prepare Jonas, an eleven year old, who has a unique gift of understanding, sending the young boy on a journey of learning and understanding of life that is not what is taught by his people.This book is well written, It is difficult to put down once you start reading, but it's a must read, believe me."
"The Giver was a fantastic book that shows how if a common culture is forbidden thier history the are also forbidden to choose. They do not pick spouses, jobs, children, food, clothing, shelter, anything! everything is  provided for them, no fuss no muss. But by the middle of the book you start  asking yourself if thid idilic society  is all it seems to be. Follow the  main character Jonas through his coming of age and discover who the  mysterious Giver really is."
The Giver was a mystery book.  Some parts were hard to figure out and some were really interesting.  The middle of the book was the best.  When he became the Reciever and started recieving the memories.  The ending of the book was sort of odd but sort cool.  It was interesting how they came up with the plan to escape.  I was glad that him and Gabrielle made it over the hill.  My final opinion is that the book was neat and i liked it.  It was a well written book.
"...I read this book for a class assighnment and as soon as I started reading this book I couldn't put it down!! It's dialog and words join together 2 make an absolutely great book!!I am so glad that we were able to read that book 4 class!Lois Lowry is an author that brightens the faces of children all around the world no matter what the race, religion,or age!Lois Lowry gets many THANX from me!I'm only 13,but I feel as if I was in the ""Community"" my self!"
"This is a classic book that sparks the imagination. It is no wonder it was made into a movie. It was recommended to me years ago, long before it was a movie. I declined to read it then. When I heard the movie was coming out I rushed to pick up a copy as I wanted to read it before watching the movie. As usual the book is better than the movie (though the movie did a good job). I would recommend this book to any reader looking for a kick-start to the imagination."
"I began reading The Giver not knowing what to expect as I had not read any other books by Lois Lowry.  The community and the family units in this novel seemed to be unique but not so much unlike other families. Everyone seems content and fulfilled. But as the story unfolds and the author begins to share the secrets and lies and the Giver's purpose, you begin to see the sameness and sadness of this community. It was a quick read, held my attention and enjoyable."
"The GiverBy Lois LowryThe Giver is an enjoyable book about a boy who is 11 turning 12.He lives in a community that is all the same,If there are twins one gets ""realeased,""  when you are 12 you are considered an adult and you are given your job.They feel no pain, The weather is always purfect....  But Jonas isn'tsatisfied...  and the Council of Elders is about to give him the most difficult Job of all.  He alone will feel the pain....."
"What if for all the world to be at peace a few had to suffer?  What if it was your job to hold all the memories of pain, war, suffering and much more.  Here we meet a boy that is given these memories, but there is more than he expects to be there.  Here is where we wonder if this is the correct action because some people have died once they were made Giver.  To me this a somewhat twisted story and for those that like apocalyptic stories youll like this one."
"This book is a great young adult novel to add to your collection. Adults, young adults, and children will all enjoy this book which is well written and easy to read. The story follows Jonas as he prepares to become the new keeper of memories for his community. Along the way he begins to understand the nature of true happiness and sadness and that his ""perfect"" society is only so because people decided not to have choices or really much of any emotions."
"My favorite part of this book was Lowry's Newberry Acceptance Speech. I'm just not a fan of sci-fi / fantasy books. I didn't like anything about the world the people lived in, not even the constant acts of being polite. The ending was abrupt and left me hanging. I do appreciate the emphasis on accepting the past as part of who you are innately, and the importance of being grateful for the little things. Glad I read the book."
"I Am a teenager...and i read this book...i thought it would be a really boring book, but HEY, it wasn't boring! First 5 pages are hard to understand...but don't worry, continue reading, then you'll find out its an amazing book! You want to know what is going to happen, and you're going to understand you're lucky, cus it makes you think you enjoy life in every sense, by seeing colors, hearing music, etc. AMAZING BOOK, BUY IT!"
"The Giver is a story about a young boy who gets assigned the job of Reciever or Memory at a ceremony in the ""perfect"" place. After a while, he finds major downfalls of a place he once called home. I gave this book a five out of five because it had an exciting, mind-boggling plot, and it showed how certain people should be questioned, no matter what you been taught beforehand. It's one of the best books I've ever read!"
"I liked this book alot because I like Science-Fiction books and because this might be the future in a few hundred years.The ending I liked because it was a cliffhanger. When I started to read it I kept wanting to read,but my teacher didn't want the class to read ahead.I liked Jonas because he reminds me of me.That is why I like this book.I recomend it for a Science-Fiction lover.That is why I give it a 10.Logan Healy Age 11."
"This book is very interesting, but yet a little confusing.  A world without colors, love, pain, ect..  A world that might be interesting yet, scary. This book 'The Giver' is a little confusing and hard to understand, but yet still a great book. Lois Lowry ends this book with a suspence.I wish there were a sequel to this book. Though I don't know how the sequel will start. Anyway, read this book. It's a heart warming story."
"I remember enjoying this book years ago, but I decided to read it again before I checked out the movie. There's a reason books such as this become classics....it's as amazingly good today as it was when I read it years ago. I don't want to give anything away but it was just great the way the author was able to infuse such emotion, in such an emotionless world. This is a must read. I have already started reading the sequel."
I am going to a new school this year and one of the requirements was I had to read a certain amount of books... One of the books was The Giver... I started reading the book (and I don't like reading so I didn't read it a lot) and after I got into the book I started getting attached... I finished the book in one day(after I started liking it) and now my status for favorite books has changed... The Giver is my favorite book.
"If you like strange books. Then this is the perfect book for you. I liked The Giver, But it was strange. Instead of normal families there are family unit. When you are born you are basically given to a family. And on your twelth Christmas you are given a job. Jonas one of the charators is given a job called the giver. He will have someone who has know everything in this world passed down to him. Read to find out the rest."
The giver is one 1 book that i think will become of the future.most likly in the next hundred years. The giver is a realy good book for people all age's will like. This is one of my favorite fiction book's. There is not love or pation in this book. One good thing about this book is that it was not boring. One bad thing about it was that none of the people wanted to feel real pian or know the past. I gave this book 3 stars.
"Though I'm only 8, this has been the best book ever.  The two possibilities at the end were one of the most interesting things to me.  The characters were very well put together and it was very nice to listen  to the dialogue.  Even though they had no difference, they showed it for  inside.  For example, Fiona was gentle, Jonas was brave, and Asher was  funny.  So even if you try to make people exactly the same, you can't."
"As an eighth grader, The Giver opened a whole new world of possibilities for me. Its really a page-turner.  The thought involved in creating this book must have been marvelous! It provokes so much thought! The reader will think about the book many times after they have finished.  The chilling reality of what could become of our future, is spine-tingling! Lowery creates a colorful cast of characters in this thrilling novel."
"I actually had to read this book for class and so I assumed it was going to be a boring book, but once I started reading it and loved the whole idea and story of the book. I also got very attached to the characters. What a great book this was! I could read this book over again, never gets old or boring! I also enjoyed the movie but was dispointed how much change there was. Book was better all the way! xxo AbbeyLovesHorses"
"From the very beginning you become engrossed with this book.  With its characters, with its uniqueness, with its bizarreness.  Then you learn about the community young Jonas lives in and become disgusted with it, much like Jonas does, and you want something to be done about the community.  I was disappointed with the ending, but despite this the book does deserve the title of ""Classic"" and is well worth your time."
"I laughed, I cried, I fell in love. The ideas of this book.. they're just flawless. It's something that will leave you thinking about it for days. I just can't stop thinking about that type of world. The characters are also very lovable, which is always an important factor. I just couldn't put this book down. I had to find out what would happen next. Everyone needs to read this book. I hope the movie will be just as good."
"I got through this book in one sitting. It was quite captivating. If you are a fan of ""The Outer Limits"" or ""The Twighlight Zone"" you might really like this book since it was like reading an episode of a story from one of those shows. The only reason I give it only four stars is that it felt as if the author could have done more with it in the end. It was like he got bored writing the story and punctuated with an ending."
"I think the giver is a great book for any person over the age of 11.It is most interesting for the 6th and 7th grade.It involves confusing literature,tough vocabulary and a perfect world. This is about a boy named  Jonas who is getting a little disgusted with the way these people live.So  you should read this book and see if you have the same idea as they do for  a perfect world.I think your ideas will differ from theirs!"
"Incredible imaginative story that challenged my notions about how far one can go with political correctness. Indeed, if the world was made up of people who looked the same, personalities would be easier to manage; but certainly, as you dig deeper there is so much that makes us unique. And one must question who are the deciders of who difference is ok to a conformist society. A great read on many levels. Highly recommend."
"Let the ceremony of twelve begin, seventeen, eighteen, twenty. ""What how could this be they skipped my number nineteen. She must have made a mistake, but she never makes mistakes.""  Jonas was excited until his number wasn't called to recieve his assignment, why was he the only one not to recieve his. This is only a start to the long journey of physical and mental pain that awaits him."
"Because Lois Lowry received a Newbery Award for this book I began reading with high expectations.  They fell flat.  I was very disappointed with this book.  I am not a big fan of fantasy/science fiction and this may have been  one of the problems that I had.  The story is highly imaginative and very  well told, but the ending was not satisfying.  If you enjoy science  fiction/fantasy you may enjoy this better than I did."
"Because Lois Lowry received a Newbery Award for this book I began reading with high expectations.  They fell flat.  I was very disappointed with this book.  I am not a big fan of fantasy/science fiction and this may have been  one of the problems that I had.  The story is highly imaginative and very  well told, but the ending was not satisfying.  If you enjoy science  fiction/fantasy you may enjoy this better than I did."
"I was just amazed at how this book got me to think, ""What if I had to live under these cicumstances?"", or ""What if this happened to our world?"" I was literally on the edge of my seat reading through Jonas'  trials and tribulations, but was surprised at the uncertainty of what  happened at the end. Seriously, there needs to be a sequel to this novel.  Most extraordinairy book that everyone MUST read!"
"When I first saw the cover of the Giver I thought I would hate it. I was requiered to read it for my English class. When I started reading the first two chapters I didn't like it but, later I couldn't put it aside. This  books shows a very different community from ours, and Jonas (the main  character)is learning more from our community. The Giver is a very original  book. I think the author and the book are both great."
"I first read this book in 1993, and haven't read it again since, but it  was a terrific book. Very interesting depiction of the Utopian society. I  also just read 1984, and there are many similarities, but also some  rudimentary differences. I think it's too bad that The Giver is classified  more as a children's book. It would be a good read for any adult. I must  say this is one of the best utopian novels I have read."
"This book is a very good read.  It's a little bit fantasy, a little bit coming of age, and a little bit drama.  The Giver is the story of a young boy who is chosen to become the new receiver of memories in his town.  He learns more about his community than ever before.This book is a quick read and a great story.  It's riveting throughout and especially touching at the end.4 out of 5 stars"
"At the age of thirteen, I read ""The Giver.""  I thought the ""Giver"" was a great book.  It is a bit of a fantasy story, but I liked it anyway.  It was a confusing yet interesting book by Lois Lowry about a boy living in a community, in the statge of ""sameness.""  I couldn't put the book down once I started reading and getting into the book.  All together, I loved this book and I recommend this book to anyone of any age."
"THE GIVER is a good study of folklore and transcendentalism or the philosophy of the perfect world. It shows how it could or couldn't work, depending on the reader's point of view and how it changes the human being. It is most definitely worthy of its awards and is a good and easy read. It's not difficult to understand and yet provides a deeper meaning for anyone willing to look for it. Definitely 4 stars possibly 5."
"Jonas is going through many changes in his life.  He and his friends, Asher and Fiona, have recieved their ""assignments"" and most are  happy.  Jonas, however, has been picked as the Reciever of Memory.  With  this assignment he must receive all the memories of the past, because in  his ""perfect"" society, no one else can handle them.  This is a  story about his struggle with himself and many others"
"Jonas, the main character in this book, lives life without choices.  At first I was confused because this book opened up without any sort of explanation what so ever, but as I read on I was able to figure it out and  I enjoyed learning about this alternative lifestyle.  As for the ending, it  was not at all what I expected but I can't see how Lowry could have made it  any better.  Read this book, it makes you think!"
"Jonas lives in a community that appears, on first acquaintance, to be perfect. It's a world without crime, and with no unemployment--and therefore no poverty--nobody has to suffer hunger pangs, never mind the torment of starvation and homelessness. All members of a family unit share the experiences and ""feelings"" of their day each evening and nobody lies. Or so Jonas believes. Only when he learns that his lifetime job is to be the Receiver (taking on all the memories of both pain and joy that have been banished from his society, and being given permission to lie) does he realise the community's creators have banished even more good than evil from his society. Jonas and his tutor, the previous Receiver, to whom he gives the title the Giver, decide that the cost of their stable society is too high ...Jonas's community clearly doesn't cover the whole world in which it's set, and one doesn't even have to travel over water to reach ""Elsewhere"", of which there are hints relatively early in the book. Most members of the community clearly believe that this is where people who are ""released"" go. Young readers possibly might not guess the truth here but I'm sure adult readers will.For a book with such a complex set-up The Giver is amazingly short at less than 200 pages. If it had been a novel for adults I think it would have contained a lot more detail on how this utopian society was set up, because it does leave you asking questions about it. Lowry does, however, give enough detail for the purpose of her story and she handles it deftly, never getting in the way of the forward motion of the plot and therefore taking the risk of boring young readers.I was amazed to hear that The Giver was on the list of ""most challenged"" books for 2000, on the grounds of ""being sexually explicit, having occult themes, violence"". I didn't see anything in it that wasn't appropriate to its audience of young adults. It's a thoroughly gripping read and beautifully written."
"I am a Lois Lowry fan.  I discovered this book back in 1999, when my son, a 7th grader, had to read the book for class, and I have read all of the books in the series.  In an effort to help my neighbor's child, who is a 7th grader, I purchased this book.  So, yes, it has met my expectation.  In terms of the actual purchase, yes, I am satisfied.  Although categorized as used, it is in pristine condition.  Thank you."
PARENTS BEWARE.  I would never let a junior high aged student read this without guidance.  There are lots of things in the book that should be talked about and I don't think that age--the target audience--should be left on its own to grapple with the issues that are raised in the book.  I don't know what the movie is like but I'm assuming from the trailer that the children in it are much older than they are in the book.
"I think this story could have been great with a few additional pages added to develop characters and tie up at least some of the loose ends left. I enjoyed the plot and the fact it wasn't filled with pages that existed solely to describe visual details, but I would have liked to at least read what happened to certain characters after a certain goal had been achieved. (It's hard to describe without giving anything away.)"
"Obviously a text recommended, required, and/or read by students all over the world, I managed to avoid reading this book for almost 28 years! It was a great read! I get it. I totally understand why so many people push students especially to read this book. I just hated the ending. The conscious decision Lowry made to avoid establishing a clear, finite ending to the story slightly frustrates me more than it intrigues me."
"Let the ceremony of twelve begin, eighteen, twenty . ""What, how could this be they skipped my number nineteen. She must have made a mistake, but she never makes mistakes.""  Jonas was excited until his number wasn't called to receive his assignment,  why was he the only one not to receive his. This is only a start to his journey that awaits him."
"The novel ""The Giver"" contains many interesting facts about a science fiction world, that is completely controlled. However, there are some aspects that aren't really clear, so that you have to imagine the answers for yourselves, e.g. the open end and why this world was created. Undoubtedly these unanswered questions make this story even more exciting.All in all it's a very interesting story that is thougt-out well."
"An exciting book which makes you think about the world around you. You're pleasured about things like music, love and colors and feelings you are able to have. On the first view the story seems to be boring and uninteresting, but after some chapters you notice that it is a very complex system. That explains why the book is not appropriate for people without imagination. However, the open ending can be quite frustrating!"
"The novel ""The Giver"" from Lois Lowry is about a boy named Jonas who lives in a community. In the community there are no colors, no animals, no seasons and no hills. When Jonas is selected as the new Receiver he sees that nothing is so nice as it seems. He and the Giver want to change the community. And for that they plan Jonas escape.The novel is very excited and it makes fun to read it. It is an unrealistic story."
This book is not that great but it is not horrible. It was kind of weird since they lived in a perfect world. I think that Lois Lowery was very creative about coming up with the idea of this book though. The only thing  I really don't like about this book is the ending so when you get to the  end of this book make up the ending! I think that Lois Lowery should write  a sequel to this book.That would be very interesting!
Lois Lowry does an amazing job of pulling you into a world that is actually difficult to relate to.  It really makes you think and consider how it would be to be a part of this world.How do you explain the color Red to someone that has never seen a color?  What about warm to someone that has never been cold?  Or high to someone that has never been low?Where do you think Jonas ends up?Such a good book.
"Jonas lives in a perfect community where everything and everyone is in line. Everyone just does their jobs and goes home. Then their meals are delivered to them. All the people are safe, and they are all happy.I really liked this book.I just wanted to read and read. It was really interesting how they lived and what kind of jobs they had. I really like that at the endit leaves you to wounder what might happen to Jonas."
"I realy enjoyed reading this book. It started off a bit confusing but as the story progressed, everthing began to fall into place and make sense. This was one of those books that keeps you thinking about it for several days after you read it. It involves a way of life unimaginable to the standard person and really presesnt the question ""what if..."" I would recommend this book to younger readers with an imagination."
"This book is really good.  I read it in 2 hours.  I'm in fourth grade and I read it, and I would recomend it for ages 10 and above.  This book is really cool, and I like imagining me as the main character, Jonas.  While you read it your mind escapes complely, you become a part of Jonas and Fiona and Lily.  You gradualy become to know the charecters like old friends and love hearing about them.  This book is awsome!"
"I love the 'Giver'.  I've read it as a child and as a teen, and i think the way it presents the neccesity of ""memories"" and the crime of ""Sameness"" is really unique.  It can be enjoyed on so many levels, whether you want a simple ""coming of age"" story, or a deeper, metaphorical journey, this book has it.  That's why it's great to re-read.  Let yourself examine the 'Giver' on multiple levels and discover new things."
"This was a book club selection for this month. We met for discussion of the book A ND viewing of the movie. After reading the book I was left with a feeling of lacking. There was no closure for me. Thankfully the movie provided that. While this book is designated as children's  literature, there are a lot of adult issues that underlie the theme of the book. Excellent discussion, so much subject matter. Loved it."
"Jonas, an 11year-old boy, lives in a perfect world, so it seems. He is never hungry or sad. No one may choose his or her own job. A committee of elders assigns the jobs. Jonas was selected to be the Reciever of Memory.  The Reciever of Memory is the most important job in the community,and  requires a great deal of responsability. As the Reciever of Memory Jonas  recieved memories of colors,and pain from the Giver."
"I loved this book. I read it in elementary and remembered I liked it but didn't remember it at all. So I read it again now and think its great. Loved the ""perfect"" society idea and that he gets to see color. The ending confuses me. It makes me sad. It's like a cliffhanger. I've never read the others in the series I hope they all tie together or something. I feel like I need closure from reading the Giver."
"This is a good, fast read - I enjoyed the premise but think I need the rest of the series to receive closure.  I am not sure I appreciated the message of staying with the group for safety - that's not always the best answer!  I would have liked to see Jonas use his power to rescue the community from their sameness.Also, the pictures in this edition are kind of creepy.  I didn't enjoy the gift edition!"
"Would I recomend this book to other's? The answer is Yes.I would recomend this book to people because, maybe it would teach them that the world is not perfect.I really do think it would.Some childeren have learned that everyone and ecerything is perfect.They need a HUGGE reality check.Its not right for parents to tell there kids that it is and always will be perfect.Thats why I would recomend this book to others."
"In my opinion the story of the book was very nice to read because I, as a non-native speaker, could read it very easily. It isn't written in a very complicated way so it could be perfectly used for our Enlgish lessons.An interesting and exciting science-fiction story about a totaliterian system which a young boy tries to chance. It tells us about a journey through a world that is completely different to ours."
"This is a wonderful book for all ages. THE GIVER provides a startling example of the importance of shared experiences and the impossibilty of utopian societies. The concept of opposites not existing without the other is also explored in THE GIVER, when pain cannot be eradicated without also eradicating pleasure. Lois Lowry has created a beautifully written book that you will think about for days after reading it."
"I think, that the book is very funny, because its an utopia ..But I got very sad, because I didn't understand a lot of words and I wasn't sure if i'm good enough in english .. because i thought, that this book was only for children .. and I have been learning english for 5 years and I thought, that I'm not good enough .. :(!But it was very nice to read that book, because i like those unrealistik thinks .."
"The Giver, by Lois Lowry is a book of difference not sameness. The young reader will be intrigued by the many differences of this book. This book explores love, friendship, and differences, most things that teens experience in their every day life. This book was well written and was liked because of the... and wierd feeling of Jonas' world. This book recieves a 4 out of 5 stars. A very fine and well written book."
"This book was really good. I loved how the story went.What I liked about the book was the new feelings that came to Jonas, but what I didn't like was somehow the end was mystery and you had to think of your own endingI would recommend this book to any one. Especially children. This book would be great for children.I chose five stars because I couldn't find a reason to hate it."
"A different twist on the same genre of  social conformism like ""1984"", ""Brave New World', etc.It can really be an eye opener (colorful) to middle school kids and people of all ages on not taking for granted the freedom and free will be are given in the USA and other REAL democratic countries.The simlicity of the writing however I think is geared more towards 7th and 8th grade."
"it is  a very good book. we also had to do a similar review for my lit class and i have yet to pinpoint exactly what it is that is so good about it. all i can say is that the vast majority of my class including me, loved it. also, we all wanted to know what would happen next.the book just stops and leaves you wondering what happens next, like lowry wanted it to. u are supposed to imagine what should happen next."
"I think this book must be read by all! Louis Lowry  has become one of my best writers. This science-fiction story has meaning, unlike most books today. I first read this as a class book and couldn't put it  down. One night I even sneaked out of my bedroom to read the book! I do like thinking about what I've read, but the ending isn't self-explanatory.  Ronal Abraham, Muscat, Oman"
"If you like science fiction books that will keep you thinking such as unusual books The Giver by Lois Lowery is the book for you. Everything in Jonas life is perfect,every choice is premade for him until he becomes a 12,everything changes,he is sent of to The Giver. My favorite part is when Caleb and him ran off and left the community. If you like science fiction,and unusual books The Giver is the book for you!"
"I had heard so much about ""The Giver"" that I felt compelled to read it myself. I soon started reading it aloud to my husband and a few hours later we were through and involved in a heavy discussion of the book. Since then I've read it twice more and met the author, and I've learned something new, about not only the novel but our society as well, in each reading. Great book for adults as well as teens."
"I didn't like the ending because I'm very confused, it didn't say if he got to the town, of he died, it could be implying it's his town singing of jonas' loss, and he accidentally went back to the town, or it was another town singing, or maybe he was dead, and that was his town...I don't know what to think. The rest of the book was amazing and it was really good..I like how the ending has me thinking though..."
"I read this book because my daughter was reading it in school. When I finished, I wanted to start again! My daughter begged me to purchase the book for her when she was reading it for school.Since she, her older sister, and I all liked it, I did go ahead and purchase it. It really makes you think about how much control we want the government to have and what the consequences of that control can turn out to be."
"I reccomend this book for the most part, however, it is kind of hard to understand this world until you really get into the book. Nevertheless, it is, no doubt, a good book in the long run. I enjoyed reading it and reccomended it to almost all of my friends, who reccomended it to a bunch of their friends, too! It is pretty neat how Lois Lowry invented this world; I don't think I could've ever thought of something like this! It is amazing!"
"I think the Giver by Louis Lowery is an excellent book for school, and I would recommend it for anyone who would want a good book to read. The book starts of slow, and basically describes the community that Jonas lives in.  Then, later in the book, Jonas is selected to become the next receiver  after the last year's failure.  The book then goes on a magnificent journey  to free the community of it's ""sameness"" that was there for so long."
"I read this book years ago when my son, 9 years old at the time, recommended it to me.  I decided to buy and re-read this book on my kindle, because of the pending movie release and the fact that I only remembered loving it, and didn't remember the story.  I think 18 years ago, it was way ahead of its time.  I still enjoyed it very much, but it wasn't the shocker it was back then.  Glad I read it again, so I can compare it to the movie."
"Lois Lowry is a great writer. Its a book you dont want to put down. If you think that the world we live in is bad you should read The Giver, cause they dont have all the things we have it has no color nothing you dont even get to have a opinion. If you read this book you will have a differnt perspective of our community. But one thing I didn't like about the book was the  ending it should of told more at what happened to Jonas and Gabe."
"I really enjoyed this book.  This book has many puzzles that you solve as you read it.  It's a little scary at times, so I wouldn't recommend it for small children.  One of my favorite ""puzzles"" was finding out was  ""release"" was.  I would read it, if I were you.  It was a real  eye opener.  It shows you important things in weirld ways.  I personally  would have ended it differently, but that was Lois Lowry's choice."
This is a fantastic book. I recommend it for grades 6 and up (younger readers may still enjoy it). There is a lot of depth and questioning that can accompany the themes and ideas raised from the ideals found in a dystopic society. This is an excellent book for a classroom unit and can be neatly integrated with other subjects. View givercraft.weebly.com for an example of a global learning experience based on minecraftedu and this novel.
"The Giver was an extrordinary book that opened up my imagination, and even though I had to read it for language arts I'm glad I did.  All through this book I discovered things as if I was Jonas trying to piece things togther.  It was written well with depth and understanding.  It isn't just a book about a boy in a strange society; It's a book connecting to our daily lives and controversies happening right now. This is a very good book!"
I realy enjoyed The Giver by Lois Lowry.  It was very interesting.  It's about a boy named Jonas who is eleven years old.He will soon be twelve.  Jonas is going to be in the ceremeny of the twelves.  That is when you are given a job in the community.  Jonas gets picked as The Giver.  The Giver has memories of the past that no one else has.  But will Jonas be able to except the memories?  You will have to read The Giver to find out.
"Here is a review from a teacher, oh Yuck, I know.  However, I must agree that THE GIVER is at the top of my best books.  I look forward to reading it every year with, or without, my students.  As my own children have moved  through high school, I see THE GIVER as a book which coordinates well with  reading ""1984"" and ANTHEM.  Please take the challenge and time to  read this book.  It is one you will want to read in a sitting!"
"This introduces compelling and timeless ideas for young readers to consider about our social and political values.  However, I didn't feel that these ideas were sufficiently developed and at the end of the book, the story comes to an abrupt end with a vague reference to a future of possibilities.  I realize that this is part 1 in a series of 4, but it should be able to stand on its own, regardless of the age of the targetted audience."
"Jonas is very ""apprehensive"" as the Ceremony ofTwelve approaches. When the Ceremony arrives,he is very shocked when his assignment is ""Receiver of Memory"". He knows that his assignment is undescribeable, and that no one in the community can describe it either. His training proceeds, but he learns that there is things that happen behind closed doors that are unimanageable. This is a must-read book! Another title from the author is ""Number the Stars"""
"The Giver is a pretty good book to read. I recommend it for advanced readers so that they understand it. It is about a boy named Jonas who has an important job. He is the Reciever of Memory. Jonas recieves memories that his Community never saw. There are a few things that the Community  doesn't have that Jonas saw before. There is one bad part. The book  describes a release. Overall, The Giver is an okay book."
"I loved this book because it encourages you to take chances and explore new rivers.  It also makes you understand why oneness and sameness is not REALLY the best way to live.  It also suggests that if you buy onto the comfortable life you also tell lies as if they are normal  because they make you feel less apprehensive.  But at the same time you can not experience love , happiness passion etc without jumping in the river.  Lots of new roads to travel in this novel.  Thanks Lois Lowrey"
"The GiverLotte's reviewI loved The Giver the moment I picked it up. But the more I read the less I liked it and the more confusing it became. I had a million questions I wanted answers for when suddenly just like that (snap) the book ended. I couldn't believe it. It was as if the author didn't know what should happen in the end, so she just made up an ending and finished the book. If this book hadn't ended so abruptly it would ha e definently been one of my favorites!"
This book was a wonderful story of the future when we have tchnologie to control everything  and is one of the best plot that i have read this year. The giver is the perfect book for mid age teens. Louis Lowry does agreat and good job of writing this plot and the setting is so awesome i think  that is a cool setting. The future in the story is very sellf explanitory  and same with the plot. I Wwould just like to say this is a great book that  my middle school class has read this year.
"While I really liked the book from an adult reading perspective, I fail to see how this should be read by children and given a children's award, based on a couple of scenes.Parents, be warned, you should read this before your child does to make sure it's suitable for your children. At first, It seems ok, but near the end of the book when everything is revealed, there are parts that I wouldn't let my children read, even if they were old enough to do so. Up to you, parents!"
"This book was very interesting. The concept was fascinating and was captivating to read. However, the ending seemed rushed and sudden. It was almost as if the author made it halfway through and then someone told him he had x amount of pages to finish in because the second half felt like it moved faster and faster and faster as if he was trying to cram everything into the space he had left. This left the ending feeling slightly unresolved. Other than that, I really enjoyed it, though."
This book is great for people that are interested in folklore and mythlogy. The book introduces the reader to a new world where there are family units and someone to remember everything from the past and the present. The book gives you insight to what a world would be like if there were no memories of all the bad and things that are not needed in the world. It also opens up the mind to a new idea that only one person would remember all of earths history. This book is a 4 star rating.
"The Giver, by Lois Lowry is science fiction. Jonas is the main character of the story. He is wierd, but everyone is wierd in the story. He and everyone else have to do a challenge once a year and get new stuff every challenge. They are cut off from the rest of the world. Airplanes cannot fly over this place when they do everyone is scared. This place is dark, no sun and surrounded by water. This book is okay, it does not have much details and this makes you want to know what happens."
"The Giver is my all time favorite book.  I read it first in the third or fourth grade, and even now at 14, I still love it.  I'm not much on Science Fiction/Fantasy, but with this book it seems almost like it could happen.  It's so easy to get in to.  The way it's written, you get something  different out of it each time.  It leaves you thinking about it for days.  Lois Lowery is brilliant to have thought up this plot.  If you haven't read  it yet please do!  I know you'll love it!"
"I haven't read this book for over 15 years, but working my way through the many young-adult dystopian books that abound these days, I suddenly really wanted to revisit The Giver. I am just as taken with the story as I was then, but now can't help but feel like there could have been so much more to it and really want to know what happens next! I'm hoping some of Lowry's newer books shed some light..."
"This is a very Grand Book.  One of the best Books I have ever read.  There are a few books that I have ever read that are better.  Its about a boy who grows up in a perfet world, or a not so perfect world.  It made me think about life and what really is a perfect world.  Its suprsing to find out what ""..."" is.  Sorry can't tell you the word.  Thats another reason for you to read this book."
The Giver is a book that stimulates the imagination and makes kids and adults realize how lucky they are to be able to make their own choices.  In the book the community makes all the choices.  The main character thinks  this is wrong.  He leaves the community to do something about it.  I think  the book is only for fifth graders and older because the younger children  would not understand the plot.
"I am a school teacher (6-8 Lang. Arts and Reading).  I was looking for books to supplement The Diary of Anne Frank, something to help our kids understand what was meant by a ""perfect society"".  1984 seemed to  'old' for our kids to grasp and understand, but The Giver is easy to read  understandable, and interesting.  I would recommend it for any junior high  teacher to use in their class."
"I am currently reading this book for school and Ican't put it down. I am dissapointed by the number of kids who said, ""I HATED IT!!!111!!!! IT MADE ME THINK!!!1!"" That's just too bad. I am suprised that our teachers gave us this book to read though. It's really a great book. I can barely put it down. I wouldn't recomend it for children under 13 though. It's a woderful book for adults to read too."
"i thought the giver was a really great book..i loved the story of it..but some things obviously didnt make sense..ex: EVERYONE went to the ceremonies, but the night crew was at the Nurtuer Center..and other things like that..but other than that..i loved the book..also..the ending? what was up with that? i dont like how there really was no ending..lowery should have jus made an ending..and told us."
"I read The Giver, and I think it's really good.  It has a totally unique plot,  and a lot of conflict...It's one of those books that really makes you think about your life, and how it would be if you didn't have any emotions at all.  I didn't really like the part where they describe how Jonah's dad killed the baby, but other than that,  I think this book is A REALLY GOOD BOOK!  YOU SHOULD READ IT!"
"I don't get why this book won so many awards and why everyone loves it so much. This book literally sucked the life out of me, I wouldn't even last reading a whole chapter and I found myself falling asleep. Was this book considered sci-fi? Cult-like? I don't know what category it would fall under. It took me a week to finish this book of only a few hundred pages because it was a real snooze-fest."
"The kids and I read this book and loved it. It actually sparked a lot of great conversation and we touched on some important topics like -- what makes a person evil or good,  what are emotions and why are they important,  is it more important to be happy or to be free?There is just SO much rich parent-kid chatter-fodder in this book that you just have to read it with them and discuss."
"A modern day classic like no other! The giver will leave you hopeful, spellbound, exasperated, abs resilient all at the same time.  Young Adult fiction this May be, but it's dystopian nature will appeal to adults too.  The giver makes you think hard about the world we live in, the way things could be, the things we take for granted, and the way that hope has the ability to conquer the impossible."
"The Giver makes you think about who you are and what v makes you the person who have become and will become. Take the good with the bad, because one without the other leaves you incomplete....but honestly I think that there are so many rich messages in this book that the same reader may walk away with different messages depending on where they are in their own lives at different points in time."
"I thought I would try this book because it received an award (or several), I remember seeing it on a reading list when I was a kid in school, and I recently saw there will be a movie with the same title released this summer. It was an ok/interesting story, but a little weird at times, and the ending is left open for the reader to decide what happens. Not bad for the price I paid though I guess."
"The Giver, set in a perfectly ordered society, calls into question how much freedom are we willing to sacrifice for an orderly life. Removing feelings of love and choice by exchanging them for peace and harmony causes the reader to internally debate how much he or she would give up.  Then you wonder if seeing beyond is a gift or curse. Would anyone accept the responsibility of being the keeper."
"The Giver was a pretty good book overall but I felt that it needed more for the ending.  I can't imagine living in a world without color, pain or feelings.  The end of every chapter had a cliffhanger which was really annoying.  Memories of war, fun, pleasure, it made little sense how you can remember things from past generations. Why do they call babies by numbers for their first year of life?"
"This book really makes you think. It's about a kid named Jonas who lives in the perfect world-no wars, no poverty, no hunger, etc. But while you may think it's what our world should be like, you're wrong. Jonas is chosen to  be the next giver. He is given all types of memories of war, beauty, and  colors. He realizes you need freedom of choice to live, and his world is  not as good as it seems."
"This story takes place in a community in the future. the peope in the community get their life assignement at the age of 12. None of the people in the community can see in color or have any memories of the past. Jonas,  the main charterin the book is choosen to be the Reciver of memories.This  jod was considered to be a job of honer. Once Jonas recives different  memories he feels out of place."
"I think the book was ok, it was good through the whole book untill it got to the end. the last chapter was dumb, I didnt like how it ended but my favorit chapter was chapter 19. I liked how he talked about the release and how Jonas got to watch it, and see how powerful.  when I started reading it I thought it was a really good book then it started geting to the end  and I didnt like it as much."
"I came upon this book at school.The Giver was ordered to be read for assigments.Most students objected to such things, stating that they are boring.Though at the end of the read I left.I didnt remember its name or its publisher but the story stuck in my head.I would suggest you read it seriously.It might not be as exciting or fast paced as some other books teens like, but it will stick to you."
"Honestly, I did not expect this book to be this good. Its target audience is young adults, but it certainly is a great read for adults also. I finished the book in one day. The author created a main character you care so much about you just want to read it all the way to the end to find out what happened to him. The idea is creative and the pace is fast and engaging. I highly recommend it."
The Giver is a one of a kind book.  In this book there is a small town were everything goes right.  Well that is not the case.  Only few know that the town has many deep dark secrets. No one knows of these secrets.  This book will make you think.  In many case's it will be a surprise to you what you might find in this one of a kind book.  But do not get the wrong idea this is a fantastic book.
I would recomend this book to a grown up because it would be to harsh for young kids. But i can think of many people that would like to read this interesting yet compelling book.You can't put the book down once u get to the 2 chapter.But yet I can think of more people that would not like thins book because people don't want to read about people killing other people by sirenges... But it doesnt effect the number of stars I gave itThis book is truly amazing!!!!!!!
"View one:  This book was very freaky for one thing.People aren't supposed to remember things, as hinted in the book, but they remember one thing. This book is stupid.  1 star  View two: The Giver was definately the most  touching and dramatic book I have read this year.I will remember it for a  long time and will always wonder what happened after the ending when Jonas  finally heard music.  The author showed much creativity and character in  this excellent book.  5 star"
"Lois Lowry is one of those unique authors who has won the John Newbery Medal for children's literature twice. Once for the first book in this trilogy and once for a book about the Holocaust called Number the Stars. (Just as an aside only one other author has ever done that Madeleine L'Engle who I would also recommend highly.) I would begin by recommending any of her books; they are all worth the time and the effort.  This trilogy is set in a post apocalyptic world. The first two books each focus on different community's who have recovered from the devastation differently, both have strengths and both have weaknesses. And a young boy must heal them both and the land if either is to survive.The GiverLois LowryLaurel-Leaf BooksISBN:0440219078Jonas is a young boy who lives in a community with a lot of technology and many rules about it. He has only seen an airplane twice for planes were not suppose to over fly villages, it was against the rules. Children of the same age are raised together and each December they move up a grade, when the reach the age of twelve they are selected for occupational training Jonas in talking to his friend states about selections: ""Jonas Shrugged. It didn't worry him, how could someone not fit in? The Community was so meticulously ordered, the choices so carefully made."" However all the other Twelve's were assigned and Jonas was skipped then at the end of the ceremony it was announced that he had been selected he was chosen to become the `receiver of memory.' He was to learn all the history and story of the people and become an advisor to the council that ruled the village. It only happened every so many generations and only 1 keeper of memories was installed in each village. Jonas and his family take in an infant who is not maturing and growing quickly enough. The child is given a year extension, when the child is marked to me replaced (abandoned and killed). Jonas takes the child and runs away. Through the winter Jonas knows he will not make it and pours all the memories he has learnt into the child. But can he save the child? What will happen to him and his community? Jonas thought his world was perfect, that the elders had everything under control, that there would never be war again. But also a world without choices. Till he is given the knowledge of the past the choice to save a child or let it die?Gathering BlueLois LowryLaurel-Leaf BooksISBN:0440229499Kira, is an orphan and she has a twisted leg, she lives in a village with very little technology and one that casts aside those who do not contribute. The weak, injured, and helpless are abandoned. However things are starting to turn around for Kira, she has been spared by the all powerful Council of Guardians, for she has a gift she is a weaver and can die cloths in ways no other in the community can. As an artisan she is installed in the palatial Council Edifice and spends the whole year working her trade, her primary task is to care for the Robe of Remembrance that tell's the story of this community. But with her privilege comes expectations that she will do the council biddings. She befriends a young boy and his ragged dog, Matty `The Fiercest of the Fierce'. Matt tells Kira about another village where people are not cast aside, where they share their food. Matt brings her a gift the color blue, and a blind man that is her father. She is torn between staying and leaving the life she knows, and the truths she can find out what will happen.MessengerLois LowryThomas Allen & SonISBN:0618404414Matt has returned he is with Kira's father and living in the new community from beyond yonder. This village is guided by love and compassion, and guided by the `Leader' a seer arrived in this village one winter night many years ago on a sleigh with an older boy who did not survive the journey. The Seer can see the future and can often see for people what might be for his people. Matty is almost at the age where he will be named, he is hoping to be named `Messenger' for he takes message both in the village and to other villages which many can not do. But things are changing, the village is becoming hostile, starting to turn people away and the woods are becoming ferial and people are dieing. Can the Leader save the village, can the world be healed, what will happen to Kira, her father and Matty?These three books will challenge you, after reading The Giver the first time I was overwhelmed and it haunted me for a long time. I went back and have reread it many many times. All three books raise questions about community, love, friendship, and care for other people. They also show dark paths that we as a people can go down, and how it can devastate all around us when we make the wrong choices for the wrong reasons."
"I read a reference to The Giver in a newspaper article, and decided I needed to read it although it is considered a young adult book. Although I would have preferred a clearer ending, I loved this book that my daughter told me the middle schools no longer have on their reading lists. I can see why. It's a futuristic setting where the government mandates that everyone must be the same. Seems to me that we have quite a bit of that now. Anyway, I thought it was a good read."
"A wonderful book written by Lois Lowery.  The Giver is about a little boy growing up in a very different environment than children are accostomed to today.  The book very discreatly deals with problems facing our world today.  The main character does however encounter one problem.  He must make a decision based on his observations.  Lois Lowery never tells the reader exactly what he decides, instead she leaves the book open-ended for the reader to make up their own mind."
"This book is on n amzing subbject.  One that's probaly bounced in and out of oe's mind.  You can tell it was well thought out and planned.  There are not a lot of deatails in this book but it is one of the few that doesn't need it.  It's better to let the mind imagin it.  I love this book.  It's not exactly inspiring but most deffinently thought provoking.  I recomend this book to older chldren, preteens, and adults.  There's a little bit for everyone."
"Lois Lowry is an exceptional writer. Many of her books, including The Giver carry a deeper meaning than the actual story presents. I found The Giver to be a book that really explains what a society would be like  without the capability to feel emotion, or change. This book is an  EXCELLENT book for a book report, (contrary to another review) because it  gives the child a chance to think and really get the deeper meaning of the  book. I would give it six stars if I could."
"""The Giver"" is a great book about a boy living in the future. In the future each person is give a job. This boy's job is The Reciever. What is this job? Will it be hard? How come I've never heard  of it? These are a few of his (and my) questions. What is it like in this colorless future where EVERYTHING is different? What will become of him, and how does the child staying staying with him have to do with anything? To find the answers read ""The Giver""."
"The Giver is a uniquely written book that is full of allusion and suspense in a twisted way. It is very touching in the fact that it opens your eyes to a community that shows equality for all. On the other hand, it is a rare  calling to be the receiver of knowing everything, but it can also be harsh  and emotional. It is something to live among others that are blinded to the  hueful side of things. This is a wonderful book for people of all ages. I  loved it completely."
"Written in futuristic, what might be or what could happen, terms, this book was an awesome lesson in being grateful for what we enjoy in the her and now!  Excellent story plot, character development, and theme, this book was recommended to me by my granddaughter and I highly recommend it for any age group 8 years and up. Younger children that have difficulty with abstract thought may not understand the style in which it is written.  A MUST READ for old and young alike!"
"I think that the Giver is a good book. I would give it a three out five.  It is about a perfect world.  You can't get hurt and you have no feelings.  You can not pick your job, you are assigned one.  If you are the Reciever of memory you can have feelings and you can get hurt.  I think that the  Giver is a good book.  It is for more advanced readers because sometimes it  is hard to understand."
The Giver is about a boy named Jonas who becomes the &quot;receiver of memory&quot; in a world that I found was too fictional. The author sends the message of what the world would be like after a nuclear war. The book also brings out the advatages and disadvatages of a world without choices. I recommend the Giver to anybody who is searching for an excellent fictional and symbolic book.
when I ment Jonas it was like meeting a new person and exploring his mind thoughts and feelings I reameber every detail of Jonas going down that sled and think of it as my own memory I fell love for young Gabriel and want to help the giver and when I see the givers memories I fell scared or hope or most of all love for Gabriel and the giver because in the end love is the most important memory
"When I read the book The Giver it made me think about different things. For instance, how would I feel about living in a utopia. At twelve, Jonas is assigned his career: Receiver of Memories. He is trained by an Elder called ""The Giver."" And, Jonas finds out what the world could be like. In Jonas's community your matched with the job that best fits you. this is a good book you should read it."
"I loved the story so much, that I retread it 4 times! It was l think the first or one of the only books to be similar to the movie! I you favorite part was the one where Jonas took Gabe outside of the community for his protection from being released. It was so brave of him, but the part that I did not like was when Jonas's father was releasing a child without really knowing what he is doing."
"I think ""The Giver"" is a story which throws you into the action at the beginning and leaves questions behind at the end ,so it's quite exciting. The community and all the people living inside it are cut off from the world we would today call reality. Readind from chapter to chapter, you will learn all about the secrets of the community, step by step, and finally there will be a big surprise."
"This is a reasonably good parable to a point describing a society that tries to eliminate the risks of life by determining everyone's future.  It falls down when the protagonist of the story, a gifted young boy, and his mentor decide a controlled future is no future at all. From the point where they start to take action, this is a story without direction. The ending is pretty unsatisfying."
"My best friend has been bothering me to read this novel sinceour freshman year in high school. Finally, during my Sophomore year ofcollege, I decided to read it. It's a wonderful story, which should allow many young adults to think upon issues that they may not usually explore. It portrays a utopian like community very well--showing what a big brother/brave new world mentatlity can create."
This book is very well written.  It is a book about a young boy named Jonas who is picked to be next receiver of memories.  The story tells about his life in a perfect world.  It turns out NOT to be very perfect after all.  The ending is very obnoxious because you cannot decide what really  happens to Jonas.  I would recommend this book thoroughly to any age  person.  Even my mom liked it!
"This book is great. I read it twice in one day. I couldn't even take a break either time. It really started me thinking.I think a place with no wars or divorce would be great,but Jonas was missing so much. He had no idea what things like color and sunshine where. Well, at least until he met The Giver.He found out about pain,too. This book made me think,which I like.Everyone should read it."
"The story is incredibly well written. Some of the content was difficult for me, not to read or understand, but to accept. Perhaps that is why I couldn't stop reading, hoping the story would not turn traumatic. The ending for me was somewhat anticlimactic. I'm not sure what I wanted, but the ending did not bring closure to the story for me. Enjoy the story as a warning of what not to want."
I love this book it was really odd in the beggining but then I understood the book the second time i read it. It was full of adventures to read and it makes you think a lot! I could relate the differences from the real world and inthe book. Live in that book was not fun. You could not make your own choices but the community did. I am glad I'm not living my life as the people in The Giver.
"Lois Lowry's book is both disturbing and wonderful.  It makes us seriously consider our choice to make everyone the same.  This book is not just for young adults.  I first read it when I was 18, but it now rests as part of my perminant collection of books.  It is a great book for both young and old.  It can also be read in a single sitting, which is a plus, because it is hard to put down."
I thought the book was pretty good it was unique and veryinteresting.The plot was good to because it was perfect for thestory.The characters were so interesting and so not like the people of today.The whole story to me was the making you feel thankful for what you have and if things were always perfect it doesn't mean it would be a good thing.Over all it was an amazingly interestibg book.
"""The Giver"" by Lois Lowery was certainly one the best books I have ever read. It is hard to imagine a world without color, pain, and music. The relationship that the people had with one another were really  strange. The thought of having your career choosen for you was really  different. It is hard to imagine a world like the one described in this  book. This book was excellent."
"How did I not read this as a child?? I feel like something was missing from my childhood experience.This is that rare book that is highly entertaining for young people, but has so many layers of meaning and deceptive depth of character that it might be an even more enjoyable read as an adult.I look forward to re-reading it with my children, probably several times."
I did enjoy reading this book and now I will try to explain why I only gave it three stars.  I did find this book hard to put down but it was ok once I did put it down.  I didn't mind not picking it up again until bedtime (when I like to read)  I felt no urge to pick it up during the day and read.  I do not have busy days as I am retired.  I do recommend this book as it is a fun fantasy.
I was drawn to this book as it was supposed to be the 'original' dystopian fantasy.  A predecessor to books like The Hunger Games and Divergent.  And in many ways it was.  Young main character in a perfect yet flawed society breaking free. The book lacks something though.  I never felt particularly connected to the main character as I did in the other dystopian fantasies that I had read.
"I chose the rating less then I hoped for.It took me awhile to figure out what was taking place,in regards to the way the people were living,in their world.But once I figured it out,it was very heartwarming.I would say  it was a scientific read.All I know whom have read it,have enjoyed it.The ending,was a bit difficult to understand.But I would recommend it.It was a different read for me."
"It was a good story, I chose it because I was looking for something along the lines of the Hunger Games & this was recommended...  It was a little too far fetched for me & a little too predictable, but it was written well.  I haven't downloaded the other books in the series because this just didn't give me that, ""I MUST read the next story to see what happens"", kind of feeling..."
"This book really makes you think and I really enjoyed itJoan (the maim character) has to start thinking for himself and is a good story of a child becoming a man/boyThe only reason why I didn't put 5 stars is because I already read the book once before, so it was a little boring because I already knew what was going to happen. But otherwise it would've been an obvious 5 stars"
"this book is one of the best science fiction books ever written.  I am a person who can rarely finish a book because i am bored with it.  But this book I think could keep any one interested.  it tells a story while also  showing deep things about the human personality.  This is my favorite book  that i have ever read and one of the few books that i will read again, i  give it five stars."
I was in 8th grade when my English teacher handed my class this book and we listened to it on tape.  Which makes no sense to me.  Well it makes you think.  What if life was really this way?? What if THESE things really did  happen?  I mean maybe they do happen but it's just so interesting to read  or listen to this book and comprehend everything.  It is a little confusing  but it's good.
"I really enjoyed this book, despite having read many dystopian novels in my time. Memory is so important when involving both family and friends, and I really loved how Lois Lowry tied it into this book. We often forget just how important memories are, whether they are happy or sad, and I'm very glad that such a profound book detailing the nature of them exists. I definitely recommend this book to anyone who loves both new worlds and hints of nostalgia."
"This is a book well suited to young adults and teenagers. I found the story line interesting. The presentation of the idea that everything is decided for you is something that should be considered today as people protest for equality. A life without choices would be a life without color. The book is easy to read, the plot develops quickly and there is what I belive to be a happy ending."
"Plain and simple. Excellent concept, garbage execution. The whole beginning of the book is unraveled in perfect time, building up suspense, creating character development, and then it's as if the writer just suddenly realized she had errands to run so she had to finish the book really quickly. It was a terrible ending which made the book terrible. The only saving grace was the build up."
"There are a few flaws with this book, but I still really enjoyed the central premise. I found the writing style to be a bit juvenile and one of the major plot points didn't make sense, but the idea behind a strictly regimented society and Jonas's journey through it was fascinating. The ending, very bittersweet, will most definitely be changed for the movie. Americans need happy endings."
"1) Un-Christian2) Too much death3) Boring4) Racist============================================If that's what you think... none of these make sense.This is one of my favorite books of all time. If you like it until the ending, the other books (especially the fourth) explain it. Read them in order, because it gets waaaay confusing if you don't. Read it."
"I'm a 6th grader in upstate NY, and had this book recommended to me by my librarian. Thank heaven!! I think that this is a great book that any middle schooler should read. The only reason that I did not give this book a 10 was that I thought that it overstepped the bounds of good taste when it talked about Rosemary being 'released'. I hope that you will enjoy this book as much as I did!"
Our daughter had to read this for school so I read it as well. It was an easy read and I would recommend it for middle school grade levels. A more current day version of Animal Farm or 1984. I don't consider it as good as either of those but something to read first to more easily pick up how people manipulate language to manipulate others. (Haven't seen the movie yet but plan to soon.)
"The Giver, by Lois Lowry is a stunning novel richly packed with symbolsm and advnture.This is my faviort book that i have ever read because it is different in so many ways like the ending.I read this book in the summer of 7th grade and didn't quit understand it, but i read the book again in my 8th grade class and understud much more.This is a grate book for jr. high students and up."
"I first read this in the sixth grade with my class.  Some of the underlying meaning was difficult to understand at first, but now I still  can find more that wasn't pointed out before.  It was so wondrous to think  of a world with no color and feeling, I wouldn't want it, but I wonder what  it would be like?  This is a classic book that should be required for every  middle-schooler."
<i>The Giver</i> is a perfect thought provoking read to share with a classroom or small reading groups for discussion. The afterward has numerous questions that will surely illicit varied responses to this robotic/communistic-squared style of society. The only reason I gave this book four stars instead of five was I had a harder time caring about the emotionally stunted characters.
The Giver was a great story with an interesting premise and intriguing characters.  I read this book with a student and we were both hooked and excited about reading through most of the story.  The end was purposefully abrupt and unclear which made sense for the story but wasn't my favorite kind of ending.  I understand there are sequels but I've heard they are not closely related.
"Ambiguous ending or not, I loved this story. This is yet another story that shows the downside of everything being equal. How can ""equal"" be fun if it means nothing but bland environments? I was curious about the lack of color throughout and wondered how that worked, and I wish more memories had been given to build a backstory, but all in all, I enjoyed this dystopic story."
"We like the book ""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry very much because it's similar to ""our world"". We could imagine that there will be such a world like the book explains. The book is easy to read and to understand.We thought a lot about it and we are a little bit disappointed because of the questions we had while reading the book. It seems to us that the ending is too short and sudden."
"I read this book when I was in fourth grade and I thought it was really great. I read it over and over- about 5 times in all -and every time I found something I hadn't paid close attention to before. Later, my mom read the book to see why I liked it so much and she read it twice! It's a great book for any age."
I am feeling my emotions more clearly and I cannot explain why except to say that The Giver is a beautiful and sad and inspiring story that has made me grateful for all that comprise my life and my experiences.Paulo Coelho comes to mind only because The Alchemist had such a profound effect on me as The Giver undeniably has. Lois has a gift and thank you for sharing it.
I chose 5 stars because of its uniqueness in my experience.  Jonas is like an anti-hero. It was surprising that he was able to overcome his early childhood education.I didn't know that it was written for young adults until I read about the book elsewhere. Kids are lucky to have a voice as powerful as Ms. Lowerys to help them think about their own lives and their world.
"This is based on the first of the four books in this volume. My first Lois Lowry book. I began it, saw the movie, and finished it. Both were excellent. Although many see the ending as negative, I saw it as a circular journey with an emotionally charged  ending. When I saw the ending in the movie I was a little confused, but the ending in the book made more sense to me. Great read!"
"Even in 1993 a reader would have noticed points of inspiration visible here, but I do really like the precision of world building. The ending reminds me of one of my favorite HC Anderson stories, Girl with the Matchbox it may be called in English. This is well worth a read. I am not sure I can envision how they may have adapted this to the screen successfully... But I'll find out."
"For all of those little inmature brats out there who don't understand this at all and have problems with any book that doesn't revolve around crude humor and lame action, this book is not for you.  It has things called depth and meaning to it that actually mean something.  Anyone who was shallow enough to not like this book for WHAT IT IS is just like the townspeople in this book."
"I first read this book in 4th grade. Now I am a 7th grader and have read it every year since then. This book reveals the imperfections of a ""perfect society"" (as it is revealed in Gathering Blue), and the concept of this book provokes thought and reflection. It's on a reading level that is not difficult and can be read in a day or more. This book is definitely one of my favorites."
"I think that this book was excellent.  It defied the usual ""this happens, then this, blah blah"" standard of many other books I have read.  It makes you think, and I like that.  I can also relate to Jonas, because, like him, I feel that I am somewhat ""different"".  I recommend this book to anyone who feels unique or like there is a bigger, better place out there."
"This is a really great book. I would reccomend you read it several times to really understand it. It is kind of slow to start, but gets really suspenseful. I really liked this book. When I read it for the first time,  it seemed scary and strange, but the second time I realized how much it  mirrors our world. I would reccomend this book for anyone who really likes  science fiction."
"This book was so great!!! A very excellent read a great metaphor to life, this book made me analyze life differently. I can definitely see why after over twenty years this book is still an excellent read, I wanted to see the movie at first but I don't know how well it would be in comparison to the book. If someone has seen the movie and read the book please tell me if I am wrong."
The content is good but I found it dry and lacking in charters....I get the sameness thing just had a littke trouble believing that all these people never questioned it..especially when the previous giver teleased the memories into a world void of them. Someone had to receive them and the fore they became parsent ...some one had to have shared with someone. The concept was great.
"The Giver has great Characters and makes you think that if you take all the unpredictable things such as weather, and feelings out, you are missing out on a lot besides just pain. Pain is just a part of life and you are living life to the fullest when experiencing a painful moment. Loved it!! I loved it because its a great story and has a great message that everyone should learn."
"This superlative book, apparently required reading n some middle schools, set just the right tone - and suspense - to maintain genuine interest in the theme. Almost a morality play, The Giver sent me on to a book of philosophy about the moral aspects and responsibilities of memory. Recommend withut reservation but allow time for reflection after it is read; this book deserves it."
"This book was great! It really kept you interested. We never got bored. The ending though, was kinda confusing. It didn't tell you what happened after he went down the hill. Did he die or did he live? Did he find the Elsewhere he was looking for? The ending was to undiscribed. The rest of the book was great however! Mrs. Lowry, thank you for  writing this book. You made us think!"
"read this book about 11 years ago for the first time and this is my third time reading it again. it was my first taste of a dystopian book and its what's spark my love for this genre every since. the writing is fabulous and the fact that this addition had pictures made it even more great, but even with out the pictures this book comes alive in so many ways. read it. it's a must read for everyone."
"We read this book in our English lessons. At first it was difficult to understand but after a while we couldn't stop reading. We were fascinated how our future might be. It was difficult to imagine living without feelings and being totally equal. The book gave us an impulse to think about our life and we realized how great ordinary things like snow, sunshine, colours and feelings, of course, are."
"Short as it is, it's more like a novella or a good short story, rather than a novel.  I did very much like the plot and characters though the writing is a bit boring and seems to directed at young adults, which--Harry Potter not withstanding--might account for the shortness.  I understand that there are other books in the series but if they are as short as this one, I would not bother with them."
"Good book, kind of slow at the start, but overall a good, quick read.  It took me several chapters to realize what the moral is, and understand the setting. Great theme and shocking surprises toward the end.  Thinking about letting my 8 year old read it...I think the overall theme, aside from the main dark secret, is quite valuable for young readers.  Interested to see how the movie is received."
"Springboard for discussions citizenship and morality.  My fifth grade class struggled with the some of the subject matter at first, puberty in particular, but was so involved with Jonas, the main character, that the were furious the book was over.  They insisted we read the Quartet. We have loved them all!  I find myself when reading them for the first time sneaking them home and finishing them!"
Ilove this book it is awesome i m in 3 grade i and love book this begginning is is faulty it overall good very lois louwry best it amazing novel. this book cool me language is awesome i write grade in 12 level i smart am. i grast this young novel as a monoteredy founding the bounderies for the fantasy book dimension exceeding the language barrier like in none other fontperghly novel there is out
"This book was one of the best I've ever read. It's about a ""perfect"" community with no pain, loss, love, or colors. A boy is selected to hold all of the memories of the pain, loss, love etc. instead of having the community be burndened with it all. The boy goes on a hard journey to save the community but he won't ever be able to come back to his family. It was definately worth reading!"
"The Giver is a very powerful book with a strong message and isgreat for young adults to read. The author portrayed the controlledcommunity in what seems to be a very definative manner, but failed to give a real ending to the story. The message would have been more strong if there was a sufficient conclusion to back it up with. Overall, it was still a pretty good book; I've read it several times."
I was first told about this book from a friend who read it with her junior high daughter. I read it twice on my own before I read it with a 7th grade boy whom I tutor. This is a boy who struggles through school but found this book exciting. He even finished it on his own. This is a great feat for him. The book really made us both think and got my 7th grade tutoring student excited about reading.
"I had originally perchased this book for my 9yr. old son. I'mso glad I got to it first. I have very little time to read and when I do I want it be a book worthy of my time. What a true find this book was! It is one of the best books I've come across in a long time. And, even better, it's a book that trandscends all ages and all time.*Just for the record I believe Jonas made the correct choice"
"The Giver,a fiction novel, was written by Lois Lowery. The main charcter is Jonas. There is never weather bacause of climate control. They have a very strickt society and rules. In this book , Lois Lowery was vey  constient, she kept the  same conflict and didn't change everything alot. I  think this is a apporiate for sixth graders not older or younger. This book  was very interesting and fast paced."
"This book is a wonderfully written book about a boy named Jonas who is in his final stages of growing up.  This is when he finds all about his assignment of life which all the elders have carefully selected.  Jonas then finds himself the ""chosen one"" and he is one of the only ones.  He is called the reciever and he is taught by the old one or the Giver how to see the past present and future."
I had this on my list to read for ages and glad I finally got to it. I can see why it's a classic. I enjoyed the mysterious elements of it which kept me interested and the world is definitely a great one to explore. I only wish it would have dived in further but then perhaps that's why there are more books in the series. Still thought it was great but would have liked a tiny bit more towards the end.
I love The Giver. I always have. I ordered a copy to share with my three sons. I see the movie previews and I just hope people read the book. Lowry set the trend for YA Dystopian literature with this book. Many schools teach it in their curriculum and so it reaches those who only read for school. This is so much more than a story it's a right of passage from children's chapter books to YA literature.
"This was an awesome book because it is so interestng from the beginning. It was a real page turner and it told of a perfect community. This book is so good, it almost seems true. You really get to know the characters and start to like them. It is really easy to get into, and you will not want to put it down. Well, in conclusion, it was one of the best books I have ever read and I highly recommend it."
"After having read this book 3 times, I get more out of thisbook every time. I have learned a lot of things such as how importantchoice is, how boring life would be with everything the same and how much I enjoy making mistakes. Instead of reading this book for plesure I read it to learn about life and to study a life where chocies are made for you and nothing bad ever happens. I liked this book a lot!"
"Many people wish for total equality among people.  I think that this book captures that feeling in a frightening way.  After reading this book, you can imagine the way life would be if our futures were predetermined all in  the name of equality.  It made me grateful for all the differences that we  do have, and for the ability to make our own choices and mistakes.  A  powerful book for any age group."
I read this book in two evenings. I had a hard time putting it down the first evening.  A book that everyone should read..our politicians should be required to read. It shows.what life would be like if everyone was made to be the same. A great story. My 10 year old niece told me about this book and I downloaded it for her. I really enjoyed this book and look forward to reading more from this author.
I purchased the book as a gift for my eleven year old granddaughter and she was thrilled with it. She said she had wanted the book for some time and would go straight to it whenever she went to the bookstore. It was a favorite Christmas gift for her and I am so glad that I found the gift edition on Amazon to send to her in Florida. I will probably be back for other Lois Lowry books for her birthday!
As usual Lois Lowry doesn't disappoint! I reread this book in anticipation of seeing the film and was again pulled in by the story. Ms. Lowry weaves a tale that at once seems plausible and a world that seems unimaginable all at once! The characters are well developed and the story line won't let you put the book down until you're finished! This is a book I can recommend for readers of any age group.
"Jonas, a 12-year-old boy and his family are living in a very odd environment.  Jonas is selected for a very special job in his community.  Jonas decides to run away, will he make it past the security guards?  To find out all these facts and others read this book.  This is a laid back relaxed book.  I recommend this to sixth grade and above...This is a three out of five star book."
This was a wonderful book about a boy that lives in a community that is very different from the kind we live in. It is an exciting journey as the Giver helps him to understand the community and sees things differently. This book was great and it makes you think about your surroundings and makes you have a greater apprieciation for them. I would recommend this to teens or anybody!
I first read this book in eighth grade as a required reading book for my literature class. This is by far my favorite book I have EVER been required to read! I am now a sophomore in high school and I decided to re-read this wonderful book again due to the movie coming out soon. I loved it even more the second time than I did the first! I suggest this book to anyone and everyone.
"I remember reading this in middle school when our teacher assigned us the miserable task of reading a book. Now that I'm a little oldder I've come to enjoy the world of reading and this book was something I've been wanting to read again. Little did I know that there were other books after this one, I'm looking forward to seeing how such a great story unfolds and ultimately ends!"
Disturbed was what i was after i readd this book and for those of you who want t read it i wont give away the ending but though disturbing it wa very well writenand i commemorate lois on this book. By the way jonas dosent die the companion bookthe gathering blue vompanion not sequel has a Q/A with mrs lowryand she says that she is going to tie the books together in a third book.
This book would be a great book for you if you like adventures and fiction. Here is a little about the book. Jonas is a young boy who goes to an old man named the Giver. He gets ideas from the Giver about what the world is really like so he decides to take his little brother Gabe and hisself on an adventure to see the real world. If you want to learn more read the book yourself.
"Incredible. One of the best books I have ever read ( and I read a lot of books). This was a book that takes one persons imagination ( Lowry's) and infuses an entire set of characters with ideas about the meaning of life, philosophy, the future, totalitarianism, the importance of memory, work and so much more. The entire quartet was a delight. I can't read her books fast enough."
"Very well done, and an easy read.  I liked reading the author's comments to introduce this book in it's 20th year.  It's amazing all the feedback she's received over the years - for some it was life altering.  I'm not sure about the small percent of people who hate it - I think they're missing the point.  Anyway, well worth reading - at any age (I'm a 40-something working mom)."
The Giver was an OK book. It had some good parts and bad parts. I liked the middle of the book better than the end. The end kindof kept me hanging in mid-air. You kind of have to interpret your own ending. The way the writer described things was very vivid and easy the imagine. I like the way she made up her own world it basically made the whole book.~*~ Lawren ~*~
"If Huxley or Orwell are a little much for the 11-year-olds of the world (and they probably are), The Giver is an allegory worthy of their spirit but simplified for a younger audience.  My daughter loved it, and I read it upon her recommendation.  I found it profound.  It is an excellent introduction to allegorical fiction that adresses important social and philosophical issues."
"I loved this book! It is a book about a twelve year old boy who gets selected as a Receiver, so he must receive all the memories from the Giver. Jonas (the Receiver) receives memories of love, pain, heat, coldness and much more. This book is a must read. Lois Lowry does a great job in writing out the details for each memory and it really makes you relate it to your own life."
"Super short, and a nice quick read. I had friends in school read this for a class, but I did not. Now that the movie is coming out I finally got around to it. It's your typical dystopian future whose fate rests in the hands of a teen. While there is a lot left out I think this can be good to create discussion and critical thinking. I now understand why it is used in schools."
"The Giver is about a boy named Jonas and The Giver. They are both very interesting because they are the only two people that can go beyond the rules. I like how the Giver thinks, he is always very interesting. But Jonas always thinks before saying a single word. The book is about a perfect world but Jonas figures out their is more than what he can see.by kushal (SKTG)"
"The Giver is about a boy named Jonas and The Giver. They are both very interesting because they are the only two people that can go beyond the rules. I like how the Giver thinks, he is always very interesting. But Jonas always thinks before saying a single word. The book is about a perfect world but Jonas figures out their is more than what he can see.by kushal (SKTG)"
I will tell other people about this book I have read and I will tell them about it.I will tell them to read these book because it was a good book and they will like it. And enjoy reading it the book is very good is not that sad to it maybe ofr some poeple but not for me the book was really interesting. I think im going to tell my parents about the book and they will like to.
"The Giver is about a young boy Jonas. He turns 12 and is CHOSEN to be the new reciever.(and no, it's not the kind of reciever in football). Jonas goes through some hard times,but at the end it ends quite happy. i strongly  suggest that you read this book. My teacher assinged this to be read in 9  days, but i read it in 1! once you start reading it you'll get sucked into  it."
"Quite thought provoking considering the state of our Nation today and the direction the political leaders want the people to go.  A strong statement in support of the Republic we were founded as, and the God given gift of freedom of choice and thought.  I would recommend it as well as Lois Lowry's other books in the series.  A good book for book clubs and discussion groups."
"This twist of fiction, fantasy, and human nature is one of my favorite books for those reasons. Jonas, the main character, has to abide to the rules of elders who dwell in his community, Receiver of Memory. Along his way, he encounters a strange thing that he personally has never expierienced. He also expieriences love, courage, danger, and hope, all in the eyes of a baby."
"The drawings fit the theme perfectlywashed out greybut they are few and far between, and the edition has some light typos. I don't understand why eBooks are still exempt from proper proofing and copy editing; especially one as iconic as The Giver.I'm still waiting to get an eBook that has digital heft: the psychological equivalent of a well-produced hardcopy."
"This is a completly original story that hasn't been though from a writer in ages. Lois created a utopia in the life of perfect. But, is the life of perfect worth many sacrifices? Without pleasure or serious pain, is life really life? With this, Lois played the role of God, made a world, and slowly observe from one character to add life slowly into life. Five stars for him!"
"I had to read this book for a class.  I had no clue what the book was about when I started it.  But I actually liked the book.  I thought that the main character Jonas made a great change in his character from the beginning to the end.  The plot was great and it was a fast, easy read.  Anybody who wants to get away from the world for a couple of hours should definately read it."
"           .      ,        .I'd like to recommend ""The giver"" to English learners who has a mother tongue which is not English.It's compact book written easily, regarding somewhat serious theme and written in proper as well as easy-to-read English expressions."
"This was an interesting book and had a intriguing concept. However, it got convoluted in the last third of the book. I got slightly confused about where Jonas was escaping to and if Elsewhere was a real place. Did Gabriel and Jonas die? Why was there a sled on the hill? I feel that was random and put there just so that the story could be wrapped up. Well at least it was short."
The Giver was a wonderful book.  It was very adventurous and made the reader feel as if he was on the journey to individual freedom with Jonas.  It made the reader appreciate diversity and understand why people must have differences.  This book would be great for junior high aged students.  The book could be used as a meaningful way to discuss a number of our society's issues.
"As a young adult myself reading this book, made me feel that life is not just your neighborhood. There in the future could be worlds like the one depicted in ""The Giver"". This novel had deep plot, never ending  rising action. The story is worthy of more than five stars and would be an  asset to all young adults to read and have a better understanding of  themeselves."
I feel strongly that this book should not be required reading for children under 14 years of age.  It often is on the curriculum for 5th and 6th grades.  Many of the themes require more mature students to be able to discuss the difficult social issues.  I highly recommend a parent read this book if his/her child is reading it.
"Excellent though provoking book. I loved the characters and the pace of the story. If there is any negativism it is that the ending seemed to happen quickly. We were ""told"" why it happened quickly, not ""shown"". But I am sure the sequel will explain more of this. I look forward to the next book in the series.Sam Hendricks, author of Just One More..."
"I loved this book. 1984 was the groundbreaking dystopian novel, but this was the first one to put it in a young adult context. So many of the modern YA dystopian books are clearly influenced by Lowry. It's a great, short read that I finished in one day. The plot is interesting, and the characters are well developed. If you are a fan of dystopian books, you must read this one."
I thought it was an excellent book on a possible futuristic society.  It's sad the way that they do not feel or truly live for fear or being different from society.  I hope that our society is never forced to endure such an existance.It shows what a society without individualism would be like  and the result of forgetting our past. It is definatly a book worth  reading.
"I read this book many years ago when I was in fifth grade. I saw it was being made into a movie and remembered how much I liked the book as a child. Before I read the book again, I couldn't have told you what it was about, so I definitely had to reread it. I'm glad I did. It's a very short book, but tells a powerful story of morals and survival. I'm excited to see the movie!"
"I am reading this book for school, and I think it is a very good book so far. Im only on chapter 15 but should be finished soon. When I first started reading it, I wasnt really into it; but the closer I got to the ceremony of twelve, the more interested I got.The thing that makes this book interesting is the fact that only one person knows the history of the world. This is a very good book for young people. Every school should assign this book."
The book cover of the grizzly old man always put me off reading this book. However when I heard it's going to be a major motion picture with big name stars like Meryl Streep I decided I really should read this. The book is awesome & I'm looking forward to seeing the movie. I've now moved on to the next book in the series which is a major endorsement for me.Funny how after reading the book the cover with the grizzly old man seems perfect.
"A short book, but will rattle your cage as it spins you into the future, a bleak existence where the fun of being alive has lost its flavor, until the lad is chosen to learn the role of the Giver. Though this book is written for 11 and 12 year olds, the author weaves an intricate tales and a surprise ending. I sat and read it and found Lois Lowry's work par excellent. I'm 73 years old and am an eclectic reader, and I loved the book, The Giver."
"I would recomend this book to others because it is a very good book and so interesting, it's a very well written non-fictional book. I really enjoyed it and I think that the people that had read it would agree with me.  The reason that I like this book so much is because it's exciting and sad and all these emotions all in one. I wouldn't consider this book a boaring book, I would consider it the kind of book that you can't stop reading."
"Like thousands of other English classes around the country, mine has been reading The Giver. The Giver, in my opinion, is one of the most thought-provoking books of recent memory. The plot, which I won't give away as many other reviewers have, is very well crafted by Lowry. Though the book is intended for a younger audience, many adults will enjoy it as well. This book is a ""must get"" for any readers who truly understand and enjoy their books."
"When I read this the first time in grade school I loved every word in it!  It really let my imagination fly as I pictured how life would be in a completely controlled ""utopian"" society.  I found the ending extremely profound and even CRIED!  When I read Brave New World in high  school I couldn't help but make comparisons.  Though it has been a while  since I last read The Giver I can't help but to recommend this truly  AWESOME book."
"I'm not going to rehash the plot. As a 36-year-old, I was a bit hesitant to pick up this book, because most books geared toward a young audience don't appeal to me anymore. And I was tempted multiple times throughout the first 90 pages to put the book down. But I'm glad I stuck with it. After about 90 pages, the story sucked me in and wouldn't let go. This book probes some high-level issues, and I can't wait for my kids to be able to read it."
"I would reccomend the book to others because it makes you really think, digging deep inside to make assumptions or gathering opinions. Rather than a 'no thought to it' book, it actually talks about serious issues and topics: you have to stop sometimes for it to actually consume and sink into the harshness of it. The misery is deep and compelling, dragging you deeper and further in the book so you can't let go of it. It was deep and emotional."
The Giver was a easy book to fallow and did a great job of keeping you intrest in the book the whole time. This book did a great job of explaining the situation befor it went on to another.The book went at a understandable  paste so the reader could get the whole concept. The book is diffrent in so  many ways and the author dose a amazing job discribing a placing things in  order.I really enjoyed this book and would read it again if I had to.
"The giver is one of those books that makes you realize that NO one is perfect.  You should be grateful for everything you have, and never think that 2 children is too many.  Jonah is dealt many blows with the impact of  being the new recorder.  He learns about all sorts of wonders, and  frightening horrifying memories from the past.  If you want a book that is  a thriller, and one you just can't put down, The giver, I would recommend  to you."
"I read this book.  At first it was a summer reading book so I neglected  it.  I read that it is a bk for 6th grade and I am in 12th grade.  I  wondered why the jump?  I read it in 5 hrs one day and finished it.  It was  really good.  I was surprised.  A world with many restrictions but still  safe.  I wouldnt want to live in it, though. Jonas is a such a brave person  to bear all of memories of all time."
"Very thought-provoking for young and old.  Would we consider  a life well lived without stimulation? Would it be boring and bland if that was all that you knew? Education and experiences fleshed out and colors our lives.  Do we reward conformity for comfort and safety? I think we do when we restrict knowledge and imagination. We then cannot accept differences, and drown in the oatmeal mud of our lives."
"I first read this book in the 7th grade. I liked the world that Jonas lived in. It was completely blank of all colors and feelings, life was absent there. Then when things started changing in the story, when Jonas met the Giver life came back into his world.This book is beautifully written with imagery and originality.Ms. Lowry did a fine job with her novel.I reccomend this book to anyone."
"The Giver, definitely qualifies as one the better books I've read.  It gives a very strange twist on an explanation for our societies imperfections.  Though the novel is never associated with a specific time period, it is a good implication to the way things could be later on.  I'm not a huge fan of Sci-Fi literature, but when you can finish a book in less than a day, you know you've found a good one!"
"Lois Lowry's ""The Giver"" would be a good read for a child.  But lacks the literary greatness that I've come to expect in books.  In my opinion, this was just a wrip off of Ray Bradbury's ""Fahrenheit  451"" produced in a manner that is more up to date and understandable.  By now, we are aware of comformity, and with the Soviet scare now longer at  our backs, maybe the subject is dead?"
"I guess I was the only person in my generation to not read this in school. I had never been interested in reading The Giver before, but with all the hype lately, I decided to give it a try. I'm glad I did. This is a fantastic book. Well written and with great characters who truly grow, I can see why this story has become a classic. I definitely recommend this for anyone to read, not just young adults."
"I hated this book as a kid. I've always been a big reader, but this book just isn't for me. It's all concept and no soul. I know that's weird to say considering it's a story about finding what makes you human, but it's true. It's a book made to write essays about, not to sit and get engrossed in the story. I never connect with the characters, and even the ""emotional"" parts just feel contrived."
I really like this book it kept me intrigues for quite some time it took a while before you got to understand the point of the giver the one she did it made perfect sense I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book and have gone on to read the second book and have already purchased the third and fourth book with anticipation of reading all four.  Can't wait to see the giver when it comes out into theaters.
The Giver was an extraordinary novel if you like fictional but adventurous books. Here is a little about this book. Jonas is a little boy who frequently sees a man by the name of THE GIVER and Jonas finds out about the world and wants to explore it to see for hisself. Jonas takes hemself and his baby brother GABE to run away and find out what the world is like. If you want to learn more read the book.
"I thoroughly enjoyed The Giver.  It really does a great job of conveying the importance  of ""sharing"" memories.  It's just not fair to the human mind to deprive it of such wonderful things.  But, the flip side is  with all happy things come sad things.  With Christmas and love, also come  war and hate.  All in all a great book.  I would recommend it strongly to  any reader with an open mind."
"""The Giver"" was a fabulous book that brought to light how important having memories, feelings, and individuality is. Once the truth is learned about the community, the emotions and desperation shown for change is remarkable. The storyline is unique and unforgettable. Although the detail in some parts could be improved upon, over all it was a really great story. (N.M.)"
"This book was an unexpected delight.  Most readers will find that this book is well written and, if your imagination is still working, a book for people of all ages.  There were some parts of the book that tried too hard to bridge reality and fantasy but they were still well done.  The book also hit on some of the very toughest problems within our own society.  Bravo!"
"hi! The world of ""The Giver"" seems to be perfect, until Jonas discovers its dark secrets: The community isn't what it looks like: the people have been genetically manipulated. Lois lowry's novel can be seen as a foretelling of what might be. It's easy to understand and you can imagine the world of the community very well. I think it's a great story. =;o) SKV"
"Many people believe their community is perfect... but is it? Is it perfect or is it something else.  Jonas, a young twelve year old boy, stars to see things beyond his plain and bland community.  It seems he alone sees this. Is it his pale eyes or is he just hallucinating.  Find out and read this exciting book.  I love this book due to its great heartstopping moments."
I read this book a few years ago and still find it thought provoking and  interesting.  I remember how Jonas gradually discovered that he was  different from the normal person he was expected to be and then eventually  broke awawy from the mold that was being made for him.  This book gives the  reader courage and forces them to take another look at the world of today.
The Giver is a book that takes place in the future and everthung is boring and dull.  They have no color and the same weather all year around.  This book was a pretty good book overall.  It gets good at the middle section of  the book. The beginning of the book is not that good but the middle is good  enough so you just suck up the beginning. It is a pretty good book.
"As a parent, I am so pleased there are so many thought provoking & challenging books now being written for teens & young adults, including this one, for my children to read in the future. I enjoyed being drawn in to the story but found myself wanting to know more of what happened back in the community & with the Giver after wards. Hopefully there may be more to come."
"I thought it was a good book. It could be confusing at first and it started off a little slow, but overall it was written well. The ending was surprising, but expected, almost. The main character was well developed, but others were not so much so. Again, I personally thought that it was a great book, throughout.Kari Mason, Enka High School, Candler, NC."
The Giver is a very entertaing book it is very weird in a way though. It gives ideas about the future and how Louis Lowery thinks upon it being there are a few parts in this book I don't particuraly like that's why I gave it 4 stars but it wil keep you occupied. It is a very good book and if you ever happen to get a chance to read it I would definatly recommend it!!!
"I first read this book when I was in grade school.  It was my first favorite book, and it's stayed one of my favorites since.  It is beautifully written and the content is incredibly moving.  I'm not a great book reviewer like a lot of Amazon customers, but I can say this, it is absolutely worth the read, whether you are 10 or 100.  I recommend this whole heartedly."
"When you here environmentalist talk and report on controlling this or that, you know they are really striving for the thing Lois Lowry writes about in her book, The Giver.  Sameness!  Read her story with an open mind, recognizing how memories and books can forever shape your future, and without them we would have the sameness that some people seem to desire.  Enjoy!"
"This is an amazing book. Totally understood why it won the Newbery. Can't wait to go see the movie. I just got the next book ( Gathering Blue ) already. You should really read it. I noticed that the Match series was sort of like this one, but it this book was interesting. I couldn't even finish reading the second one ( Crossed ) it was so boring. READ THIS NOW! ^_^"
"I realize now the message that the book represents. When I read it in middle school I hated it because of how alien it seemed, but now I realize how important it is to be different and have personalities and not complain about the rules because there could be so many more. I also understand how important it is to learn and keep learning in every situation possible."
Review of the Giver In the Giver it has a very different culture. They are almost perfect in it and can be punished very badly.  As they grow older they can be given certain privileges.  I would not fit in because I would feel very different from the community and might break some rules.  If you are reading my review I would recommend that you read the giver.
"This was an excellent book until about chapter 20, whenyoubasically don't get or care about the characters anymore.  At theend, I was very dissapointed, at the lack of information.  I wanted to know what happened to Giver, and Jonas, and Gabe.  And, what happened to the community after he left?  This book is very open ended, but otherwise a superb peice of writing."
"I enjoyed the Giver and all the memories he had to share with Jonas. It made me realize the things that I take for granted everyday such as seeing colors, feeling love, and making my own choices. Jonas had an important choice to make in the story and I wonder if I would have made the same decision in his situation. I never did figure out the end of the story......."
"This book is absolutely sensational. There really is no other way to describe it. The specificity of the details that the author includes are astounding. It's really one of the best books I've ever read. It's entertaining, an inspirational story, and great for kids. Without a doubt, Five stars."
I like the ideas and concepts of the book. it kept me reading further. I do not like how it ended with a lot of unanswered questions. there was no finality to it.I also have to agree with another reviewer that you could tell when the story changed. it was as if ms Lowry had stopped writing and then had to rush to get it done. the story telling changed.
"This book has certainly made me think since reading it. It's a children's book but it has some very adult themes in it. I wonder how many kids today enjoy it, because I'm betting they might be a bit confused with it. This will be a good book for numerous readings over time, because as your perspective changes, I think you will get different things from this story."
"I really, really enjoyed the world building and learning about the structure of the Community. It was fascinating to imagine a world where everything is so organized and strange. I took off points, though, because the ending was so vague. I had a lot of trouble telling what happened to Jonah, and even though I'm fairly sure that was intentional, it was irritating."
"Memories, both happy and painful are who we are. This is a very thought provoking book. Utopia does not look so inviting after all. But I think I have always known that. I rememberin the second grade, Sister Lois told us about the Garden of Eden  At the age of 7 I questioned how any one could experience happiness if they had never experienced pain or sorrow."
I first read this book in Jr. High and really liked it.  And have not re-read it until now in my mid-forties. I still really liked it!  But I have gone from being the 'RECEIVER OF MEMORY' to 'THE GIVER' and I think the book has tremendous meaning when reading it from that characters view.  I would highly recommend this book to any one 13 years or 43 years old.
"To me the Giver was only okay to me.  Although much of it made me think, but not as much as the Madeline L'Engles I enjoy reading.  The setting in the Giver was a little boring, and at first I didn't understand the beggining.  Sometimes I'm still not sure I do.  The book made me consider a few things in my life, but it wasn't good enough to change what I thought."
"This book is spectacular in every way. Its meant to give you a different view in life and our culture. Jonas is such a loved character.Though when you ask a fan of this book what is so great about it, i bet you anything they'll say, ""The Ending."" WOW. Leaves you hanging.Read this book. I recomend the Messenger as well. Hail Lois Lowry"
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is an okay book,  but may leave you hungry for more. It is a thinking book, making you ask questions to yourself most of the time.The book is good in the beginning but  it has a terrible ending. This one is okay for a checkout from the library, but don't set your expectations to high. It could have been great but the ending brought it down."
"The book was okay, it was  a good idea too have a futuristic communitty, but there was a lot more the author could have done with the book, I mean The auther could have made it more interesting than she did. The ending was really bad too. It was confusing, and I just thought it was like the author gave up on it. I don't think she tried hard enough to make it good."
"I recently read The Giver and i thought it was a wonderful book.  I liked it because it was truley original and really made you think about things you might never have thought about before.  Like, what it would be like to  live in a Utopia-like world.  Also, it really illistrates how nothing can  be perfect--even such a seemingly perfect community has it's faults."
"My 14 year old daughter had to read this book as a class project, when the class finished reading this thought prevocing work, they met with another 8th grade class from a neighboring Catholic school. As a concerned parent ( also a driver on the trip ), I read the book.  It really made me think !  The children had a great discussion about making their own choices."
I like the way things seemed to flow through out the book. This is a great utopian book. The only thing I don't like is the end. I wish it went further into detail and talked about when he gets to his destination and what happened when the others received the memories. But then of course a have not read the second book so maybe it elaborates more on the end. Idk.
"A wonderful read, for older children. We purchased this book for a science fiction book report for my 4th grader upon the recommendation of the book store staff, but once he explained the content, I would never have chosen it for his age group. Definitely recommend for students in 6th grade or higher. It is deeply complex and touches on many strong social issues."
"I feel like I've missed something..... Why/how did they not see colors in the first place? Why was the eye color important? What pushed the people toward a state of Sameness to begin with? If everyone is so ""same"" why are twins not allowed? Why are the next three books in the Quartet not about Jonas and Gabe? It was an interesting little book, but I feel like I need more story."
"Is completely amazing! Every time that I have read this book, I find something new to be amazed about. I still cannot wrap my head around this alternate universe, and how well put together it is. The author leaves the reader wondering how it truly ended, and depending on what kind of person you are is how you will decided if it was freedom that was reached  or death that consumed them."
"this book is the best book on earth. it is happy and sad,scary and not, and makes you go in the book. It is awkward because it takes place in the future where people don't love,have feelings, or see color. If you don't think this book is the best one, then show me the best and I'll read that one and write another review  that one. I am Obama's biggest fan and Hilary Clinton's least!"
"The GiverBy:Lois LoweryI am a hard person to like books,but when my teacher read this book out loud it was astonising.This book is about a community that chooses a kid who has to feel all their pain. I'm not going to tell you all of the story, but its a great book and you,ll probably like it!I think the reasion why she wrote this book is becuse this might be the future!?!"
"When I first  started  I didn't get it.  The story is about a boy and the world is perfect no pain, no fear, no emotion .  Jonah gets the job as Giver and they give him the memories of the past of the real world but when he gets emotions he feel sorry for a baby who they are going to kill.  My favorite part is the end when he dies going down a snow hill dreaming there is a warm house ."
"I thought the book was different and kind of weird. Because, they lived in a world where everything was the same and you always expected things to happen. I do not like the idea of not seeing color. It is not fair. That  would be very boring.I thought the way they released the people was  horrible!!! I would recommend to people who like fiction and have a good  imagination!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"I originally read this book over 20 years ago when my oldest was in 4th grade.  His class was reading this book and he had so many questions. I had to read the book so I could understand where the questions came from and hopefully be able to answer some of them.  Now that the movie has been released, I wanted to read the book again before I watched the movie.  Very thought provoking."
"The more Government control we accept and elect, we are ourselves on the road to Sameness. With Common Core, our Government controlled education, Government controlled healthcare, trying to convince us of 'climate change', which will lead to Government controlled 'weather', and all the other aspects of our life we give over to the Government, this book won't be classified as fiction."
Loved this book the first time I read it and loved it just as much the second time. It's true what they say about reading things that you didn't see the first time around. The characters are well written and the image of the dystopian society is more than believable. This is a classic that should be read by all (read it before you see the movie as it doesn't seem to follow the book)
"My daughter was 11 when we read this, and at the time it was the most thought provoking book she had ever read.  The joy of seeing her mind open to new and difficult questions about life is what makes this one of my all time favorite books.  It is impossible to read this and not question your own assumptions about what is good in life.  This is a masterpiece that no one should miss!"
"I really enjoyed this novel.  I love how Lowery creates a world where it seems as though everyone is satisfied, but it is obvious that there could be so much more.  It is beautfully written and fun and easy to read, but, at the same time, contains very deep and complicated themes.  Its a great book for a kid to read and a great book for an adult on another level."
"I loved this book!  It was slightly creepy at some parts, but you have to accept that.  It is incredibly well written.  At the end of every chapter, there is a cliffhanger.  I had the hardest time putting the book down!  If  you listen to Natalie Imbruglia's ""Torn"", it is basically a  little summary of the song.  Just thought you'd like to know that. :)"
The Giver was a compelling novel.  It was filled with all different kinds of feelings and emotions. From the begining to the end it just kept getting better and better.  It was confusing at time but after a while you started  to get it.  The way they lived was a whole lot different from the way we  live and it took a liitle getting used to but I enjoyed the book.
"This is the second time I have bought this book. The first time was for another granddaughter several years ago. I like to see what young teens are reading, so I read it before I gave it to her. It was very thought-provoking. When I saw it on this granddaughter's Christmas list, I knew I should get it for her. It is a Newbery award winner, so you can't go wrong."
"I loved this book. It is full of adventure and surprise. It makes me wonder what happened to them, how the community reacted, and when Gabe grew up could he give the memories to others or did he even remember them. I  really yearn for a sequel. I'm searching for one now. I also found it  interesting because my dad's name is Gabe and it kind of makes me question."
"After I read this book it became my favorite, and it still is and it's been a year since I've read it!!! It gives a wild look into the future. The world in Jonas's community is blank! No color; No feelings; no nothing.  Until............................ Read this wonderful book to see a view  into the future and a boy on a mission to flee a world of darkness!!!!"
"Lois Lowry's book ""the Giver"" is awsome, i loved it. The whole conseps was facinating. This book is about a community which is vary different than ours today. i dont want to give the book away but the end of this book is vary different.well i suggest you read it because my class loved it, and so did i. So dont even hesitate to buy it because you will LOVE IT!!!"
"Though not long, this first book is very thought provoking.  It deals with many of the same ideals presented in Orwell's ""1984"" novel and the problems in a totally controlled society.I did read this after viewing the movie version of the work and found both directing the reader/viewer into deep thought and dissection of the ideas presented."
"This is a great story, and one I highly recommend everyone read.  I do feel that this particular listing is misleading as it makes it appear you are download the Giver Quartet of books when in actuality you are only getting the first in the series.  I would like to see this reworded to reflect this as I have a few friends that were also mislead by the wording."
"I rated this book a four star becease for me it is not perfect, but it's still really good. I liked how Jonas was different then everyone else in the community. I don't like when the Giver talks about  Rosemary because to  me it seems like the Giver only likes Rosemary and not Jonas  ( it also  just bothers me). I would definitly  sugjest this book to any one."
"This book was disappointing. This book has won awards and I have no idea why. I love dystopian fiction (1984, Brave New World, Handmaid's Tale, Hunger Games, Divergent, Wool, etc.) and I expected so much more from this book. The basic idea was good but the story was not well developed. The story ended with so many unanswered questions. Do not waste your time."
"I very much enjoyed this book, but I would be careful about the child or young adult I recommend it to.  The story line deals with a futuristic society where government ""release"" (death) is part of the answer to creating a serene, peaceful world where everything is planned, designed, and controlled to perfection.. If it doesn't fit in, it is released."
"The first time I read The Giver I was in middle school and it was required, but unlike the majority of the books we were assigned to read, this one drew me right in. It left such an impression on me that I went out and bought my own copy in college. For all of those who loved the Hunger Games series, and haven't yet read this classic, you will love The Giver."
I have read this book over and over agian because it will never be old.  I read this book in the sixth grade and after we read it i knew i had to get my own copy.  It was so good that used to be all i read until i read Lois Lowery's Gathering Blue.  In my opinion everyone should own this book.  It is the best book i have read and own. I recomend it to anyone.
The Giver is a very interesting novel about how our future could be one day. There's no individual life anymore but therefore a very well structured public order which makes the life of every citizen in this new world much safer. You'll be surprised and maybe you'll have some conflicts with yourself because you'll realize that there are so many pros and cons.
"My thirteen year old son gave me this book to read, and I read it in one day.  I loved it! I was surprised that it is classified as a young adult novel, when I personally think that adults or people of all ages can enjoy  this book.  Does anyone know if it was ever made into a movie?  It should  be.  I think I would like to explore more of this author's work."
"This book was amazing. It was brave and bold look on a plausible future world. The main character is not like any other character I have ever read about! He was strong and actually had feelings! (You will understand what that means when you read it.) The setting is believable, and the Plot is shocking! It is a really good read if you like dystopian books!!!!"
"I don't understand the hype. You learn more and more about the details of Jonas's world, which only gets creepier. Then he meets the Giver. Then they come up with a plan. Then they enact the plan. The end. I don't see how this book is so profound for so many people. I may read it again sometime, it's a very short book; hopefully it will make more sense then."
"This is the most unusual book I have read.  I liked it a lot and found myself wanting more.  I have read all 4 books in the quartet and find with each one, the first is more understandable.  This is a look in what ""might be"" if we are not more careful about our choices for comfort.  It definitely makes me think of George Orwell's book, ""1984"""
"The Giver was a pretty decent book, it managed to create pretty good imagery and insight as to what could go wrong in a controlled society. Though the book drags on a bit and doesn't provide too many interesting details the ending is left far too open to be considered satisfying. This book would be better aimed toward younger children of middle school level."
"Read all 4 of these novels as they intertwine Lowry's dystopian societies and make The Giver more understandable because it is not a stand alone book. -Personally I always hated this novel and my nephew, who only by reading it, made me want to reread it as an adult, I read all four of them in 3 days, in the midst of a 40 hour work week and being a full time student. I also totally recommend Number the Stars!!-"
"I found this book to be very good for the reason that it made you think about what it means to live in a ""perfect"" world, and if you really want to. You may think that harmony in every  way is a good thing, but after reading this book, I disagree. I would rather have imperfections and occasional bad people than being unable to feel real emotions or know my mother loves me. A little love goes a long way, right?"
"The Giver was an excellent book that would inspire one's imagination into the limitless number of memories and feelings the main characters in the book embark upon.  while some of the issues discussed may not be appropriate for all readers I did not personally find any of the concepts offensive. In addition,  this was a great coming of age book that I would personnally recomend to all your young-adult readers."
"I remember reading this book a long time ago; either late elementary school or early middle school.  A few friends and I stumbled upon it while discussing books one night, so I found it for kindle and bought it.  It is a great read, albeit a simple one.  It has enough layers in the character development and themes to keep older readers engaged, yet simple enough for kids.  It was very enjoyable to read again."
"A fable in which the ""perfect society"" has eliminated all conflict by eliminating things like color, music, and most things about which one could be passionate. The young boy coming of age discovers these things and tries to break away. It's a good story to get kids talking about what matters in life. What is worth fighting for. That all conflict is not bad. That passions make life worth living.  Provocative."
"This is such a good book. I've read it over and over. It's strange and compelling, sad and intriguing. It was interesting how Jonas finally found out what price his community paid to have a perfect society, and how he  alone had to bear the burden of the memories. I wish there would have been  a real CONCLUSION, but I like that at the same time because it leaves room  for a sequel, which I hope will come out."
"The narrator's voice is very nice, and he reads at a good pace. My only negative comment is regarding the chapters starting in the middle of tracks, and sometimes even needing to change the cd in the middle of a chapter. If I was only listening to it for enjoyment, this would not be a concern, but I am using it for my class and it becomes a hassle when reading 1-2 chapters a day. Overall, it's a great audio!"
"The Giver is a great book about a mysterious land where towns, called communities have decided on something called sameness. With sameness, everything is the same, no hills, no snow, rain, or wind, and no colors, or taste. But one boy, Jonas was born with the ability to see ""beyond."" He is then chosen as the new giver. With a great storyline and an amazing twist ending, I would recommend this book to anyone."
I thought that the Giver was an excellent book.It is a book about a boy named jonus and he lives in a boring but perfect world. His world has no color and you do not have an age everyone that is born in a certain year is  called an age.Each family ha two kids a boy and giral and two paents when  you go threw puberity you have to take pills. Soon he gets a job when he is  a teelve. it is a whird but good book
"I liked this book! It was different and more interesting than most books I've read. It was a very different place and time than I usually expect in a book. I also didn't like this book because I wanted it to continue. I recommend this book to anybody who likes an interesting book about a weird look at what the future might be like, because that is  what the book seemed to be about.-Joe B.."
This book has been well thought out and is an amazing story. I can't wait to read the next one! The storyline pulls you from the very beginning and doesn't let you go until the very end. Jonas was a very relatable character and was my favorite. There are points in the book where I thought should be rewritten or is unnecessary. Great Job Lois Lowry! This will be a book that is enjoyed for many years to come.
This book moved me a lot when my teacher read it in class.  I was always eager to hear what happened next.  I was so eager that I got my mom to buy the book so that I could read it before the teacher finished.  I've probably read it about 3 times since then and it's still not old.I would recommend it to those who would like to hear probable and interesting ideas about the future.  (I love Ender's Game.)
"This book is a good one for teens, so I do recommend it.  The author, Lois Lowry, knows how to relate to her readers. Imagery is as important as a good plot. This book has both._The Giver_ is a book which, I believe, will be around for a long time.  Teachers, go ahead and assign it to your students.  They will appreciate you for it (maybe not right now).  It will make an impression on today's kids."
"The Giver is a great book. It is very mysterious and suprising. It is also strange and unusual. It was strange because the community is different. There are no problems, sicknesses, or hunger. Lois Lowry made the book interesting. She also makes you think. After you start reading it you won't want to put it down. The ending ruined the whole book. The Giver is not a book I would buy, but I would read it."
"Not as good as I hoped for.  If you are reading this because you read Hunger Games and are looking for the same type of theme, find a different path...  Good story, makes you stop and think, but it just jumps around from book to book which takes you half the time trying to figure out what in the world we are talking about.  Not sure if I would read again, but it was enough for me to finish the series too."
"I first read this book in school when I was 11 or 12. I loved it then, and I love it now. Yes, there are a lot of notable books out nowadays that have the same flavor to them, but this was the first book of it's kind I had ever read. Though not a long read, it keeps you turning the pages to see what else you will discover about the world that Mrs. Lowry created.Great book, highly recommended."
"I feel so behind the times reading this book now, but I knew it needed to be done before the film was released. It only took me a short time because I could not put it down. The way of life and circumstances of the time intrigued me. And once you add human nature to the equation, you know something is bound to happen. I wish the book would have lasted much longer as I was in love from the very beginning."
"This book is an incredible page-turner that makes one appreciate the darker aspects of life. The seemingly utopian world that Jonas inhabits is in fact a cover for a multitude of shocking secrets that lie below the surface, such as ""realeasing"" any child that is not perfect. The book's ending makes the reader think and offers many possibilities for the future. I recommend the book to readers of all ages."
"I thought this was a good book, even though it confused me a bit, but it shows the true colors of the world and the people.  I feel that this book is a good example of how things can change just by the people that come in and out of our lives.  It makes you feel something that someone or something couldn't.  This was a good book for the people to understand, love, peace, and the true meaning behind life."
"Even though I am 17 now, I still think of The Giver as one of the best books I have ever read. I can't wait until my brother is old enough to read it because I loved it so much.  Lowry creates an really interesting world  that leaves the reader wanting to read more and more.  It doesn't matter  what age you are, 12 or 40, its a great book for all ages.  It definately  deserved the award that it received."
"When I first read the book, I was in 7th grade.  I did not know what I was reading.Years later, one of my sisters had to read it.  It was not until that my mom explain what was going on.  Then it hit me.  It about a boy who growing up and wondering why everything is the same.  Thd book start out at right vefore 12, then ending about a year later."
"I read this in 7th grade and loved the book. I recently ran out of books and I read it over again (I'm a college freshman) and loved it even more. The plot is amazing, the characters make it even better. This is truly a piece of art, and the meaning behind the book is astounding.  I would definitely suggest this book for a good page-turner to all ages."
"This book is along the lines of 'This Perfect Day', '1984', 'Fahrenheit 451'. In the end there are many questions unanswered. Where/when are they? What was the plane in the beginning? What is the source of this 'giving power'? The ending is another question. It was an easy read (1 day) but being 40 far to easy. I would say it is for teens or younger."
"The Giver was a good book because it was so weird. The setting was very diffrent from other books with the common theme.It has some what a unpredictable climax because of the characters feelings during the plot.Also it teaches a life lesson because behind all those words, it teaches that the future is not good to know but,that you have to wait and see."
"One of my students recommended this book to me. I read it in a weekend. There are many themes to explore: truth and lie, utilitarianism, choice and social control, good and evil, power. It's like 1984 without the strong political overtones. Or a simplified Brave New World. I would like to design lessons around this novel and study it with my freshmen!"
THE GIVERI would give the GIVER 5 stars because it has Vary Vary Good description. This book keep's thinking alot like a movie wher you don't know what is going to happen next.And  you can't stop reading because the book is so good and you have to know what is going next.  GET THIS BOOK NOW!!!!
The story of Jonah and the Giver is one to be handed down through the generations. Reading this young people is a great way to realize that they have not been completely brainwashed by MTV and cable television. Teens delight in the suprises and discoveries that are revealed while reading The Giver. A wonderful book that will last throughout the ages.
"The giver was a wonderful, riveting book. It was an easy read that I finished in three days. The giver showed what the world would have been like without memories, emotions or qualities a person holds that makes them unique. Everyone was protected from what might have hurt them in any way. It was strange but the book was excellet. I rated it as a 5."
The Giver is written by Lois Lowry. The book is about a boy called jonas. he lives in a community where are very strikt ruels.for every year there are ceremonies. in the ceremonie of 12 jonas  gets the Receiver of Memory.i find the book very interesting because it is very exciting and crazy. the book wasn't very difficult to read and understand.
"Well written and thought provoking. Enjoyable read overall, though I would have liked a few more answers."
"I loved ""The Giver."" I thought that it was an excellent book. The author, Lois Lowry did a fantastic job of writing a novel about a twelve year old. This book was not boring to me and I couldn't put it down. It had so many actions and it was unlike any other story that I have read before. In my opinion, ""The Giver"" is an excellent book."
"This is the best book I've ever read! I think that everyone, adults and  children, should have the chance to read this book. At first it may be a  little confusing but once you get into it you can't put it down! I've read  this book three times and each time it is just as good as the first. I  highly recomend this book to anyone and everyone.  IT'S GREAT!!"
"A wonderful novel that had me entertained from the start and left me thinking after I finished it.  A wonderful story that works on several different layers.  There is a lot of smiles but a revel that is as horrible and as shocking as anything you can read (even if you see it coming).  Well done Lois, I look forward to getting the next book in the series."
The Giver is an amazing book.  With a thought provoking plot you can't put it down. With it being so different from the way we live you always want to read on to find out all the different opsticals Jonas incounters. Spectacular word choice throughtout the entire story. I would recommened it to my classmates and my elders because it is great for all ages.
"When it's okay to talk about killing babies, the elderly, slow learners and rule breakers, but not okay to even mention anything about how the birth mothers became pregnant or who the father (fathers) are, seems somewhat skewed.  Apparently violence is okay for young readers, sex is not.  The theme is interesting but too many loose threads in this story."
"I love distopian novels. This is the second time I've read this book and still love it. My older brother recommended it to me when I was about 12 when I first read it. Then my mom and grandfather read it. And now I'm 22 reading it again. They all loved it, and I still do. It's a classic. I hope the movie will do it justice, although the movies rarely do."
"This may or may not be a young person's book it made me come to grips with my true feelings of controlling the unpleasant. ""Open your eyes, people, open your eyes"". To experience the meaning of life in all its colors, we must not hide from reality or the past. Say it like it is......understand others but allow them and yourself reality and truth."
I first read this book when i was 10 years old and I really liked it i read it again the following year and knew that it was my top favoritefor 7 years I couldnt find my favorit book untill i finally found it on the kindle store and I just had to have it. I have just finished reading it and once again it was amazing. The GIVER is just a GREAT book.
"I read this book for the first time in 7th grade, and I didn't really enjoy it very much then. Now, 7-8 years later, I honestly enjoyed the book. I can see why there wasn't much description of characters or anything now.It's easy for a smaller child to read, but to get the understanding, takes a maturity level and a real grasp on the concept."
I originally bought this to read to see if it would be engaging for my students - I LOVED the book and bought a hard copy which is looking well worn now that my students have gotten a hold of it. I'm being pestered to buy the next 2 in the series for them as they have really been bitten hard by the reading bug for this book - a teacher's dream come true!
This book is really good. I think is very useful for your own life. I liked it and is a wonderful story
"The Giver is the original post-apocalyptic novel. Ok, maybe, it doesn't take place immediately after an apocalypse (maybe it does), but, the world is ours, having started anew. The vision was to rid the world of conflict.. So things became the same. Jonas begins to learn some truths of the world and it provides a spectacular journey for the reader."
This review doesn't need many words.Great book. Thought provoking (on many levels). You won't be disappointed. You will be moved by it.
"The lessons taught in the book were okay as well as the fact that diseases no longer existed. However, the lifestyle didn't sound appealing at all. For instance, at ten a kid would get his or her hair cut above the ears and at twelve, assigned a job. There were others as well and when I had to read it in school, I imagined how unhappy I would be in those situations. They also didn't sound believable either. Of course, the characters lives should be unfair at times, but I think it could've been a little more similar to real life."
I read t for a book report yesterday and it went swell! My teacher has read it so she knows how well I did even with out me even reading it to her! Any ways check out now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! READ OR DIE! JK. TROLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL! but it really is the best book ;)
"I really enjoyed this book, the way it is written allows the reader to really experience the thoughts, feelings, and revelations of the main character, Jonas, as he is going through them. Also, it makes the reader think what is more important, to feel and see things for how they are, and the pain that comes with that, or to make everything the same, go through life not feeling anything.My only complaint is that the ending leaves a lot of questions unanswered. It would have been nice to know what happens to Jonas and Gabriel, and how the community fared after they had left."
"Set in the distant future, Jonas lives in a society that has given up certain freedoms for security reasons. When he is twelve, he's selected for a very revered task  The Receiver Of Society's Memories. Can his society continue to live in a world of sameness and routine? What is the alternative?Lowry pens a thought-provoking novel that resonates with all ages with ""The Giver."" Jonas' society embraces sameness for the sake of security, but when he begins to receive the giver's memories, he realizes there's more to life than ""going-through-the-motions"" to ensure the mistakes of the past aren't repeated. The human race is missing a vital part of its complex existence  the ability to experience emotions  both good and bad. And thus is the dilemma Lowry presents: are memories something to avoid or something to embrace? Can we learn and improve from our memories or is it better to live in a static and dull community for the sake of peace?Lowry's writing easily engages the reader. I finished the book in two days. Lowry's characters are interesting. Jonas' discovery about life is eye-opening. Each character supports Jonas' in a very unique way on his journey. ""The Giver"" is a story that will resonate with readers long after they've finished. I recommend it for ages twelve and up."
The Giver is an easy to read book that highlights the important qualities of life. It forces you to take a hard look at how you view the world. To create an easier life foe everyone they took away everything that could cause them pain. By losing the ability to be hurt physically or emotionally they also lost the ability to feel anything wonderful. Love is a thing of the past. A mother and father can feel no love for their children and the concept of family is reinvented. The absence of color is completely crazy.The journey you take by reading The Giver lets you experience the essence of humanity. As I read the book I questioned what made people human. I asked myself what constitutes true happiness. The Giver has made it even more apparent to me how incredibly important emotion is. It shapes who you are and teaches you lessons. The beauty in life cannot be seen without ugliness to compare it to. Neither can happiness be felt without pain or love without hatred. To give up the bad things in life would mean to give up the good things with it. The Chinese have it right with Yin and Yang. Balance is key and completely essential.
"The book is a short, fun romp that manages to convey a dearth of depth to it's main character's and meaning to it's plot in only 180 pages. Jonas and the Giver himself are well-developed, dynamic characters that begin to express the rage and indignation I know I felt reading about the supposed utopia. Reading through their journey of discovery and subsequent uprising incites a bit of the rebellious spirit that lives in everyone, and makes it easy to root for Jonas and the Giver.Sticklers for a well-defined environment like me may have a problem with the lack of explanation of the logistics of the community (how it got there, how memories were removed/how they return, what central governing body it reports to, etc). Even though the point of the book isn't exactly directed at the mechanics of the story, and is actually tertiary to the book's purpose, it is a minor concern for people who crave every detail like me.More pressing is The Giver's lack of even pacing despite it's short length. It feels labored and elongated in the beginning; I spent most of the first several chapters in annoyance as I waited to read about Jonas' job assignment. Although those chapters were obviously important for implementing a strong setting, most of it felt like it wasn't very important and was rather boring. When Jonas finally became Selected, things picked up again at a nice sizzle; but when Jonas and the Giver formulated their daring plan, the action picked up again to a fault. The last 40 or so pages felt rushed, almost like Lowry was writing for a deadline and wanted to get the final plot points in as compact a fashion as possible.Although the book is far from perfect, Lowry provides an fun little read that forces you to confront surprisingly hefty topics for such a small book. Be careful; you might just walk away from this book with a new perspective on individuality, freedom, and community."
"I was required to read this book for my online class, and I thought that I was not going to enjoy it. Many people in my class read this in middle school, but I had not heard of the book until this class. However, I found it quite enjoyable. The plot was riveting, the characters were interesting, and the whole idea of a dystopian society has always drawn me in (excluding 1984, which I found dry and uninteresting).The ending was quite confusing, but as an honors English student I have been able to figure out possible meanings to the end of the story and my questions have actually been put to rest due to the fact that there are other books in the series. If they are as good as this one, I am tempted to read!"
"A great dystopian book, but unlike those written in the last 5 years, it does NOT feature a strong female lead, excessive violence, or a lame love story.It's a quick read, and well written.  Thought-provoding and engaging.  Not only should tweens read it, but all those people who think the government ought to pass more laws outlawing everything risky in life."
My son read this book last year in the 7th grade and suggested several times that I read it also. To get that accomplished he made it my summer reading assignment! I am very glad he pushed me to read it. It is a very compelling book and one you won't soon forget. I highly recommend it to anyone - and particularly to anyone whose son or daughter is reading it at school.
"This book is the best i've ever read! It really changed my whole life! Cause of the book and its message, i found the sense of my life! I am so happy, that i can see colours and that i have feelings, and emotions. I prefer our to the receivers one, i prefer pain to never have been loved by anyone.now, i am the happiest human alive,love to all of you!your ruth"
I found this is a  exelent book  so i gave it 5/5 because it was realy good and it was full of emotions that a lot of people haven't felt befor  i would like to read that seconed book.I wouldn't recemened this book to younger children maby a child about 13 years of age but not younger than that because alot of children might not understand the consept of this book.
"I liked The Giver a lot. The book opened my eyes to a whole new world that I really enjoyed. The book made you feel a lot of differant emotions at once. Jonus, the main chatacter, is going through a hard time in his  life.He has to search for his soal. I recomend that everyone reads this  book. It is one of my favorites and will be yours, too. You should read The  Giver."
"who is selected to be the Receiver of Memories.  Jonas lives in a perfect community with no choices and no pain, but when Jonas is training to be the Receiver, he feels pain and war and suffering.  He knows about colors and  choices and realizes that his community is not perfect.  As a 5th grader I  feel The Giver is a very excellent book, and I recommend it to everyone!"
"This book has it all--a believable hero, suspense, things to think about--all told in a concise, easy style that grabs the reader and won't let go until the book is finished. Then, you just want to immediately start the next book in the series. No long, boring, unnecessary descriptions (use your imagination readers) or superfluous details yet nothing needed left unsaid."
"I couldn't put this book down. The storyline of this book is intriguing! I was continually shocked to discover how the people in the community lived and viewed the world. The lead character, Jonas, is a hero full of courage and compassion worth rooting for. Overall: this read was fascinating and it sparked my imagination and intellect to consider the ""what ifs"" of life."
The Giver is one of my all time favorite books.  It is well written and the story line is a very different one.  The story takes place in a community where no colors and feelings exist.  It is a very perfect setting for a great story like this.  Read it and you'll be inspired.  You'll realize that life is really worth living and there's no such thing as a perfect world.
"I loved The Giver, and have it completely memorized because I've read it so many times.  It brings up the continuing theme of ""what if there's a problem in paradise?"" I think anyone, not just sci-fi or fantasy  readers, would like this book.  The main character, Jonas, has a lot of  depth, and by the end I really felt like I knew him.  This is a definite  buy!"
Great message .The theme and story line are good was left wanting more substance. Could have been developed more but enjoyable read.
Got it just in time for my son's class. Very good price value too. Needed for his school assignment. Perfect.
"The colors you see every day could be different then the colors the person next to you sees. Your red could be their blue, your blue their orange, you have no way of ever knowing what they see. What would it be like if there were no colors to see at all? Would you trade seeing colors for an opportunity at a life without any suffering? This book is all about the choice of a world thats with choice and emotion vs. a world without suffering and pain.The Giver is focused around a young boy names Jonas who lives in a utopian society. A world where the characters number of children, spouses, careers, future, and even little things like haircuts are chosen for them. Jonas grows up just like any other child, although he shows little differences from others until his twelfth year. During this year his age group is given their lifelong careers, deciding their future. When Jonass career turns out to be far from what he or anyone else expected his life grows completely different than any other individuals in the community.  He learns the secrets and consequences of his perfect community and what they are missing out on.The language in this book is very simple and the book is a quick read, even though it is a bit long.  The morals and society it sets up really make the reader stop and think about a utopian society. I would highly recommend this book, because it is both interesting and thought provoking. Although it lacks in character depth and description of the town, the story makes up for it in other aspects."
"I came across this book on my bookshelves right after having a discussion with my husband regarding how I sometimes wished that we did not have to think about what to wear or haircuts or what we looked like.  I expressed that I sometimes wanted everyone just to wear a uniform and to have your head shaved, so that we did not have to think about these silly things (in my opinion).  So I was quite excited to pick this up and read about just such a society, although they had taken it slightly further than my discussion.It was a well written book that expressed the society in very few words.  The reason I dropped one star was because it was not long enough and did not go into enough detail for my liking.  The novel lost some depth because of this and I was left very frustrated about a number of things.  Ok it is the first in a quartet but on looking into the other books, they don't look like a continuation of the same story but rather different stories on the same theme.  I may amend my opinion/review if they are/were a continuation and some of my answers/frustrations are resolved.Worth a read even if you are not into Distopian world novels, there is something in the moral of the story for everyone.  Short and sweet read."
"After the first reading of this first book, I had to buy all 4 to complete the set. Finally a book all can read. I've passed the whole set around to the grandchildren they all have enjoyed them too. Thank you Lois Lowry."
"As an adult reader, I truly enjoyed this book. It's a beautiful piece of literature that I will hopefully be able to hand down to my own children one day. It is wonderfully, yet simply, written and the world created by Lowry is really something special. There are a few issues in the book that I would be hesitant to explain to a child if not at the appropriate age, but I have no other reservations about this book. Overall, I have no complaint. The ending is definitely cryptic, but I appreciate the author leaving it open for interpretation which allows the reader to imagine an ending all their own."
"Jonas was chosen as the Receiver of Memory, which was a lonely, painful job in his community.  His job was to hold onto all the memories of the generations in the past, while everyone else lived a plain, pain free life.  He wanted to change the way his community did thing. He wanted everyone not to be the same but to be different in seeing colors and to love each other. But the community thought everything was fine so Jonas ran away. Then when he ran away he ended up giving off the memories. I think you should read this book because it will teach you to not follow in other people's foot steps but to make your own."
Absolutely thought provoking and know I will be contemplating the beginning middle and ending for a very long time - a must read!!!
"Dystopian novels are some of my favorites, and when this novel came about, I thought I'd give it a try.  Honestly, I expected more from this. (some spoilers, be forewarned).While some of the concepts are highly intriguing (assignment of jobs, a memory keeper, and how ""releasing"" works), the story felt flat overall.  I didn't feel like there was much character development, and the idea of the world being black and white was interesting, but not enough to recover from the rush of the ending and the flat overall feel of the tale.The argument of whether some of the scenes are too graphic for kids is hit and miss -  some kids could handle this level, some couldn't.  The writing is simple enough that 8th graders might find it too easy (I honestly would hope that they read better by that age, but different people = different levels), and with the context given I think it's easy enough to handle.  Some kids might be frightened, but that's when the parent should step in and help explain.All in all, I'd suggest reading it, but not to have high hopes. It passes the time, and it can lead to interesting conversations, but with dystopian books for kids, I'd suggest ""Feed"", ""Uglies"", or ""Among the Hidden"" before I suggested this."
"Just finished reading it for a second time, only now I have passed on the memory to my children. Each night they begged me to continue reading. Tonite we finished and they both thought ""they made it"". Neither would choose a world of ""sameness"". Love the thought provoking nature of this book and being able to discuss it with my boys."
"This is still the best book out there, even though it came out over 10 years ago!  this book clearly tells a story,  with characters youll remember years after you finish, about how you will never really have a perfect community.  because of the excelent plot, and lois lowrys writing style, i imagine this book will still be read to my childrens children!"
"this book is about your character. Jonas wants to get a normal job like everyone else. instead he gets chosen to be the most important job, the giver. his mentor, inlficts memories to him everyday, so that jonas will soon know everything. int this fantastic tale by ms. lowry, together, you and jonas will discover secrets, stories, and your true potential"
I have read the giver and I enjoyed the book emensly. My onlypromblem was That the book didn't develope Jonas enough and justthrough the charecter derectly at you. I recomend this book to all ages for it is an intresting and entertaining book. So my question is WHY NOT READ THE GIVER.
"I started this book thinking I wouldn't like it, but was pleasantly surprised that it was quite interesting and kept my attention. I don't read a lot of books of this genre, but it did remind me a bit of Matched by Ally Condie, the whole ""planned everything"" theme. This book has lots to discuss, so I think would be a good choice for a book club."
"I started this book thinking I wouldn't like it, but was pleasantly surprised that it was quite interesting and kept my attention. I don't read a lot of books of this genre, but it did remind me a bit of Matched by Ally Condie, the whole ""planned everything"" theme. This book has lots to discuss, so I think would be a good choice for a book club."
"It is the concept of this book that really drives you, not necessarily the writing or actual plot.  The story is one that starts discussions, brings thoughts of ""what if"" to mind.  It is a brilliant idea, with an ending that is not quite an ending, making those who take the subject seriously want to dive quickly into the next book of the series."
"This book is a very deep book you really have to pay attention to, or you'll lose what your reading.  It is mainly about a boy named Jonas who thinks his community is perfect, but when he finds out about the outside world, and he being the special receiver of memory he wants to learn more and tell all.  I'll stop here, but if you find this book READ IT!"
"I had recently read this book at school in my reading class. I am in eighth grade. I couldn't put the book down. It tells the story of Jonas, a boy who grows up in a world different then ours. He doesn't like it and wants to experience the outside world. He encounters a challenge,which is being picked as the new Reciever of Memory. This is a great book."
"This is not the type of book I usually read.  My 14 year old grandson was reading it in school, and thought I should read it too. So, I gave it a try. Well written, easy to follow. I like a book that is written so well that the reader can ""see"" the story, and this book did that for me. Certainly a book to make the reader think about life as we know it."
"I only decided to read this book after seeing a trailer for the upcoming movie. Wow. As an avid reader of sci-fi and fantasy and speculative fiction, I cannot believe I've never read this book. It is every bit the classic it is made out to be. Simple in it's language, but astounding in its conceptual depth and execution, this book rocked me. Fantastic."
"A thought provoking novel, I only wish I had read it as a teenager. As an adult it still rings true but I think all young adults would benefit from reading this!"
"Really great read. Very different and engaging. While parts are confronting the story helps you to appreciate love, choice and life. Couldn't put it down!"
The giver was a fantastic book. I encourage all ages to read it. I think that high schools should allow this kind of book to be read in schools.  This book really touches peoples lives when they are having a rough life.  This book can really get your imagination thriving to make an imangary life that can help people theough the rough times in life.
My kid had to read it for school. The book is hard cover and illustrated. I thought it was a real neat edition and my kid liked it as well.
"Don't dismiss this book as ""just"" a young-adult novel; it will make you think and feel -- perhaps more than you want -- whether you're 12 or 91. Lowry creates a convincing world, beautiful and horrifying, and even though it hurt to read, I was never sorry. One of the most perfect books I've ever read."
This is one of the best books for adolescents that I know of.  The characters are believable and the themes are timeless.
"This book effected me profoundly as a 12 year old! I found it randomly in my school library one day and it has stayed with me ever since. I had no idea about the constructs that society places on us, conformity etc. at the time but it helped me to think for myself and look outside the norm. I will certainly give this to my children to read."
"First and foremost Lois Lowry's the Giver is a great book filled with such fantastic fantasy that slowly begins to be unveiled.  A little tid bit is released for the reader to knaw on at great length, and before you know it you can really start to reflect on the whole picture and spend a great deal of time just doing that.  i think it is the perfect book for kids to reflect on their own ideas of a utopian society, which also asks children to critically think way beyond the comprehension of Lowry's text.  I can't say enough about the richness of the text.  As an artist and one who appreciates all facets of the Humanities, I couldn't stop thinking about Lowry's created world.With regards to the Illustrations, I was reluctant to pick up this book because the pictures in my mind were so very clearly illustrated and I didn't want them compromised by some other depiction.  I was pleasantly surprised to see that they did not overly illustrate.  The illustrations were fantastic.One of my favorite fellow teachers suggested I read this book, and I thought it's a kids book how good could it possibly be.  This book floored me and started my quest to read more Newbery Award Winning Books, and I have to say that I love a good 70% of the recognized Newbery Award and Honor Books.  After reading a hundred or so of these types of books, The Giver always remains in the top 5 of all time for me.  That's including BIG BOY books as well."
"The Giver is a great book with suspicion through out the whole book.  It is sad, surprising, and shocking. It has a ending that makes you think.  I would recommend this book to 12 year olds and older."
"I write this review short after I finished the book. I found it very good, because of the ""Utopic"" society the Community is. It makes you to examine your mind. Buy, do not mind the 1 star reviews. If you didn't liked it, it is because this kind of book does not appeal you, or you are not open-minded. And one thing, I'm thirteen years old."
"Very interesting concept with good quality writing.  Is there a next one, I'd like to know what happened to them."
"I read ""The Giver"" as required reading for a post graduate teaching course.  I found the story very interesting, setting up an alternate community style, encourgaing the reader to ask the questions about sameness and differences, suffering and emotional stability.  Unfortunately the end of the book was a great let down.  It finishes suddenly as though the author just got sick of writing.  A book which is quite lovely to read, but unsatisfying to finish."
"The Giver is often required reading for students as young as fourth grade. While children ages 10-11 are able to read this book, I recommend parents read it with their child, as the book delves into deep issues such as death, leaving a community, discovering oneself, and how we (society) are tolerant of events that may be morally unacceptable but we have come to view as normal (ie, ""releasing""). Certain descriptions of these events, such as the releasing of a twin and a character in the book, could be upsetting to some children.HOWEVER, this is a fantastically well-written book.I highly recommend it to students in the fourth grade and above, especially students who seem to be interested in the dystopian/utopian genre of books. It is a good starter book for this genre, especially if students are interested in ""The Hunger Games"" but may be too young for those books. (I recommend THG for ninth grade and above; TG can start as young as fourth grade.) The ending is fairly open, and students are left to wonder about the fate of Jonas and Gabe. TG can be read as a stand alone but it is the first in a four part series and the reader does discover, in the last book, what happens to the characters in all the books.In short, this is a great book to read with your child, a wonderful starter book for the dystopian genre and just a good book in general. It's worthy of its award and all the acclaim it has received."
Super great condition-super fast. Plus it is a great book and now we've all read it. Easy to work with.
"The book The Giver is a book that will keep you up at night thinking about the possible endings. Lois Lowry had done a wonderful job on the easy use of vocabulary (even though the book is directed to middle-schoolers). For a dystopian book it lacks the action that other books of the same genre contain. The end of the book contains some action, but not enough to satisfy dystopian hungry readers. The concept of the book was unique however (no spoilers) and was refreshing towards all the other death-filled dystopian books. In my opinion the book left to many unanswered questions. I hope that most questions will be answered in the sequel that has been ill-commercialized and it satisfies my curiosity."
"Great read, quick read! I look forward to the movie to see if they do the book justice. :^)) Enjoy"
"Incredibly touching, a quick read (for adults) & forever memorable ;) you choose how it ends. A beautiful story. Amazing"
"It was Okay, I mean don't get me wrong. It is a good story and I like the plot, I just couldn't finish it. Lack of interest I guess, the story didn't grab my attention from the beginning so I wasnt really up to reading it.The giver is about this world where nothing is different and every choice is made for you. But their is one person, the giver, who has memories from way back before,  when you still had your own will.I think the story just scared mea bit and tthat's why I couldn't finish it, also the writing was different from what I'm use to."
"Don't really like this type of  genre, but am glad I read it.  We got some really interesting dialogue going in my Book Club about how we thought it ended, advantages and downfalls of this type of community, etc.  Kids in the 4th, 5th, and 6th grades are reading it.  Teachers like it because there are so many discussions that you can have about it."
"Since its publication, The Giver has won the Newbery Medal and has sold more than 5.3 million copies.  One of the most identifying themes in this novel is the introduction to a dystopian society.  The evolution of the idea of a society, in which not only basic rights, but also natural human feelings, are largely suppressed in all the citizens, helps children to construct a true understanding of such drastic limitations.  Bit by bit, Lowry vividly describes a community in which sameness is strongly encouraged, and any divergence from the norm is an embarrassment.  The strict laws and rigid schedules seem harmless and even ideal at first, as the story follows Jonas, the protagonist, throughout his daily life.  He, like all other members, begins as a strong believer that every law has an important purpose and function, and that lifes meaning revolves around each members ability to adhere to these rules.  In addition, each citizen of the community looks forward to the day when they are given their jobthe duty they are destined to fulfill for the remainder of their adult life. On Jonas twelfth birthday, he is given the highly esteemed and honorable position of Receiver of Memory.  Up until that point, Jonas was highly content with his life and with the rigidity of his future.  Even the reader has been coerced into believing that a life with no choice and no diversity makes things easier for everyone.  However, as Jonas begins his training, it begins to be made apparent that although life in the community lacks discord, it also lacks every element that we believe makes life truly wonderful and worthwhile.  Jonas is introduced for the first time to feelings of happiness and love.  He sees colors and feels sunshine for the first time.  He even has to learn what a hill is.  Though he is tormented by the memories he also is called to receive that feature suffering and loss and hatred, he cant shake the feeling that the rest of his community is lacking such vital wisdom.  He longs to share his knowledge with the ones that he loves, and is devastated when he realizes that no one is capable of loving him back.  In eliminating sorrow, the community has also destroyed the possibility of joy.  The depth of emotion no longer exists.  The final straw is drawn when Jonas witnesses his father commit a terrible act, for which he feels no remorse and which is part of the process of keeping the community under the law of sameness.  Using the strength and courage that have been imparted to him through the memories, Jonas must decide if he should try to change the community, or if he should just leave it all behind. This work of fiction contains vital truths that are often underrepresented in adolescent literature.  Even without a mention of politics, Lowry paints some of the critical issues that would arise if one were to sacrifice his or her freedom for the promise of comfort and communal pacification.  The theme is evident: things like freedom, the right to choose, and the ability to be happy are worth fighting for and in the case of Jonas, maybe even dying for. This novel has undergone some canonization since its publication, and I believe it is worthy to be placed in all middle school curricula.  The slowly unfolding plot enraptures the reader, and suspends disbelief long enough to develop strong opinions about Jonas world.  It allows for deep, philosophical thought about what it truly means to live. Like her work in Number the Stars,  Lois Lowry has done an excellent job in character development and has vividly illuminated important political concerns such as oppression and totalitarianism.  The unexpected twist at the end leaves readers with a longing to know more, and with an affirmation in the belief that life without love is not worth living."
Jonas worls is perfect. He has everything he needs. His freinds are always there for him there is no war no pian no fear. everything is peace. One day jona turned twelve he is assigned to recieve special traning from the giver a person that has memories of the past true pain. The giver thinks its time for jona to reciece the truth about his live. There is no turining back.
Jonas worls is perfect. He has everything he needs. His freinds are always there for him there is no war no pian no fear. everything is peace. One day jona turned twelve he is assigned to recieve special traning from the giver a person that has memories of the past true pain. The giver thinks its time for jona to reciece the truth about his live. There is no turining back.
Jonas worls is perfect. he has everything he needs. his freinds are always there for him there is no war no pian no fear. everything is peace. one day jona turned twelve he is assigned to recieve special traning from the giver a person that has memories of the past true pain. the giver thinks its time for jona to reciece the truth about his live. there is no turining back.
Jonas worls is perfect. he has everything he needs. his freinds are always there for him there is no war no pian no fear. everything is peace. one day jona turned twelve he is assigned to recieve special traning from the giver a person that has memories of the past true pain. the giver thinks its time for jona to reciece the truth about his live. there is no turining back.
Jonas worls is perfect. he has everything he needs. his freinds are always there for him there is no war no pian no fear. everything is peace. one day jona turned twelve he is assigned to recieve special traning from the giver a person that has memories of the past true pain. the giver thinks its time for jona to reciece the truth about his live. there is no turining back.
"ordered extra copies for my literature circles in middle school. Kids love this book about a dystopian society in the not too distant future,...and the message about not giving in to ""sameness"" and standing up for justice. This novel  instantly creates discussion about the most important issues facing humanity in a non-threatening plot with likable characters....."
"While it was pretty good, some parts were much slower, and the plot wasn't great.  Still very good book though.  Characters were OK.  Not much character development or change throughout the story.  But the problem and solution were interesting and different.  And the twist on the futuristic society was very different from other books I've read.  Deffinately worth reading."
"This book is amazing! It clearly demonstrates many aspect in which I have never thought of.  It really makes you think. What if we did live in a community that was a utopia (according to their standards), and only some people could remember the joys and pains of life?This book is about a boy named Jonas that has been ""selected"" for a job that he doesn't understand."
"HEY, A FIVE STAR!! I read this for the first time in my Language Arts class when I was in sixth grade. Then I read it again in seventh grade, and it was still a great book.I like Lois Lowry's idea of a futuristic community and how she chose her characters in a some kind of fashion that relates to the conclusion in some way. I really recommend this book to everyone!!"
I thought that this book was really good thats why I rated it an eight but I didn't really like how it started off because the reader didn't really get you into the book and the end they just left you hanging and it would have made the book so much better if they put a better ending. But out of the whole book I could say it was one of the best books that I have ever read.
"This book is among the best ones I have read and I think it is especially good for young people to read. It makes you think about the big questions in life - what is freedom, love, courage, happiness, and what's important to me? I also like the ending because it leaves some room for interpretation. After all, the ending could just be a dream....)"
"""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry is one of the best books I've read this year.  I not even done with it but it's awesome.  I recommend it to anyone that likes a good book.  Some reasons I like it was because I can relate to the memories that the Giver gives to Jonas such a wrecking a sled.  I find it amusing that everything is perfect and organized."
"This book is so great becaue of the way show it is the way it was back then and and know I think the way back there was very mean and then in hear it was very mean and the way it was , it was very mean so know.  If you where to kill some one and there will not care but if you kill some one in know it will put you in a bad way for the way."
"Very enjoyable book fast paced and interesting well written, found it very difficult to put it down. Story is set in a futuristic society where 'sameness' has been favoured in terms of individuality but as a result there is littl place for deep feelings such as compassion and empathy and for those who don't fit or are surplus to requirement....."
I thought the Giver is a really good book because it was exciting to read.  This book is about a boy who lives in a perfect world.  He gets the most important job in his community which is Reciever of Memory.  It is his job to keep these memories until a new Reciever is chosen.  I would recommend  this book to read because it is very exiciting.
"Thrilling, truly breath taking. I like this book because when you start reading it you'll never guess the ending.  Its about a boy who had a normal life in futuristic community, until he became the Reciever. He then learns to feel and see in a new light.  I recommend this book for all  ages. It will help children appreciate what they have."
"the plot of the giver is jonas has a normal life, until the ceremony of twelve turns it all upside down.none of the rules apply to him anymore.this is a really good book. all of you who wanted to read it, but haven't because you weren't sure, i say go for it! i love this novel and you will too. read it if you can. it's really good!!"
"A captivating read but also cautionary. Makes you think about the trade off between security and freedom, then makes you take a closer look at your own life.It's well worth the read and will make you think. I'm grateful it's part of many school's curriculum.I recommend the book and will be getting the sequels for myself."
"The Giver is a great book for everyone. It also has a nice imagination for readers. This book is mostly about a unusual theory that the author, Lois Lowry, has about the future. It also teaches a great lesson of growing up and beleiving in what you think is right. After reading this book you will also have a great imagination about your future!"
"I checked this book out from the Library by chance and LOVED it!  I normally hate Science Fiction but this book, taking place in a science fiction world, was very good and you could easily visulise what was going  on.  The book makes you appricate the little things in life.  I immedately  recomend this to anyone who asks, and to all my friends."
"I am in the middle of reading The Giver for the millionth time and I love it.Jonas,the main character,lives in a ""community"" with no color, weather, or animals.When anyone in the community turns 12,they are assigned a job. Jonas is selected to be reciver,and becomes the only person in the communitywho knows about color, war &love."
"The Giver looked really boring at first, but due to an assignment from a teacher, I had to read it.  Most of the class read ahead of the required reading.  It is defininately a page turner.  You will start to really feel for Jonas and what he goes through.  The ending was very confusing, but if you have a good imagination, you'll love this one."
"I first read this book for an English Festval that my students participated in at a local university.  Recently, I found my niece reading it and decided to read it again.  This book speaks to do many levels of humor character and societal issues.  How do we value life, family, individuality, comfort, and all the components that make us humane?"
"I really enjoyed this book, it was somewhat scary in a sense of what could become our future.I got lost toward the end, it just jumped all of sudden, it didn't lead into what to come next.Overall a great book,  a definite eye opener for things to possibly come, and to control the population and the people we keep in it."
"I should not have waited this long to read the giver. Great story, I wish the author would have continued it into a series that features the same characters. I heard there is going to be a movie based on this book coming out this year and a lot of great actors will be in it like Meryl Streep and Taylor Swift! I'll be excited when it comes out."
"This is, quite possibly, one of the most amazing books I have ever read.  It's a world that could be completely real someday, which alone is frightening enough.  I found it almost impossible to put this book down and would have loved it to be even longer.  But it's tight and emotional and I can't wait to read anything Lois Lowry has written."
"This was an excellent book. In the beginning, it seemed as though Jonas lived in a perfect world and yet there was a feeling that something about it was wrong. This book made me realize that while being the same as  everyone else can cut down on prejudice and disagreements, one can't have  any spirit of individuality. This book is a must read!"
"I thought that this book was pretty cool, but it was very confusing at the beginning. Is shows a ""perfect"" community, and how everyone in this community lives. At the end, it kind of leaves you off, not knowing  what would happen, so If I were The Author, I'd probably clear up the  ending some more, But I found It a very good book!!!"
"The Giver allowed me to open up Lot of suppressed feelings and memories of my own life and how precious a part they play in our lives and our children's. To feel again whether it be anger happiness love or loss, is a gift.  I cried so hard  because  some of us seem numb to feelings and realized that someone was me I hope to never forget again"
"It took just over 2 weeks to receive this. I was pretty disappointed about that.Still, the book itself was in pretty good condition.The edges are slightly frayed, but nothing too terrible.I wanted the book because I remember having liked it so much in middle school and wanted to read it again. Glad to add it to my bookshelf!"
We live in Germany and we read this book in our English lessons.Although I thought that I wouldn`t like it because it is a story which takes place in the future it is interesting.From my point of view I can imagine the feelings of Jonas.Finally I would recommend this novel because it isn`t like each normal and predictable book!
"The book, The Giver is now my favorite book. I would definetely give it 5 stars! It is about a boy named Jonas. Where JOnas lives everything is the same. There is no color, and people are assigned there jobs. When Jonas turns Twelve, he gets chosen as the receiver. THe receiver receives the  memories from the Giver. I really love this book!"
"This book adds nothing new to the genre. It is predictable in every sense. To write for a younger audience doesn't necessitate the dumbing down of essential themes. ""Animal Farm"" and ""Brave New World"" and ""Fahrenheit 451"" can stretch the thinking of a young audience. ""The Giver"" doesn't live up to its title."
"I read this in middle school and I saw a trailer for the movie and  remembered how much I liked it, so decided to read it again! I am 23 now, and still really enjoyed this book. It is so different and makes you think about our life in a new way. I recommended it to my Dad, so hopefully he will read it soon so we can see the movie together!"
"A friend told me about this.  I did not realize it was a ""children's"" book when I bought it.  But, once I read it I was floored.  It was amazing and it helped me to understand more deeply Eckhart Tolle's concept of the ""Pain Body"".  I do not recommend this book for very young readers.  It is more for ""young adults""."
The Giver really wasn't a bad book it was just kind of wierd at the beginning. Once you get into it and understand it is interesting. This book will make you stretch your imagination. It's cool that the author made up a different world. There are some parts that were boring but are necessary for the book. Over all the book was ok.
"The book was great. It had two major genres...mystery and adventure. I think that the ending was very disapointing. I wish you could give a little more information. But in the other hand, I could make up another one and  invent it in my head. We think that it is one of the best books in the  world, and it is certainly one of our favorites."
"I read this book for the first time when I was in the 5th grade. I remember a few specific scenes and feeling that the book had had an impact on me, but I had forgotten much about the ending. Very glad I decided to read it again, and once more it had an impact on me, although differently as an adult than the way it had when I was a child."
My 11 year old nephew recommended this book to me for my summer reading list. He said this book would be a page turner and I would really like it. I finished the book in 3 hours  - the material is quite profound and really makes one think about the world as it is today.  I won't say anymore as it would be spoiler alerts for sure. Read it!
"Oh my gosh,I loved the Giver so much.Some peoples parents won't let their children read GIVER but my personel philosphy is you haven't lived till you've read the Giver.It was such a wakeup call from my regular life.(And I thought I had A really big planned life.)All and all the Giver touched my heart and may of changed my outlook on life."
Excellent work and I got this book for my granddaughter for Christmas as it was on her list. I haven't read it but Lois Lowery has been on many H/S reading list as a former bookstore owner. I would stock her books and would suggest to local schools to place her titles in their schools library . A must read for any child from 8 yrs to 15 yrs .
"The giver is a book that will stay with you forever, it is full of an impact that will amaze you. Each character in this book has some sort of impact on jonases life in an either impactfull or subtle way. This is a tale that means more than is told. That is all I have to say goodnight.... he he he he he he heRefer to pink floyds echoes."
"I had to read this book for school, so maybe that tainted my judgement, but I thought it was good none the less. It was kind of weird, and the end  wasn't as satisfying as I would have liked. It was one of those books that  you think about more everytime you read them. If you are looking for an  quicker read than Harry Potter, then read this."
This is unquestionably one of the best books that I have ever read.  I read it as a seventh grader and I am now in tenth.  Every year the book gains new meaning for me.  The Giver was very contraversial when we read it but that is the whole point of this book.  It causes us to ask some very tough questions that may take a long time to answer.
"This was the first utopian book created way before The Hunger Games, Divergent, Ender's game,etc. I would have to say though that I liked The Giver better the first time I read it..this time I was a little disappointed by the ending; the fact that the currant utopian books come in a series made this ending feel like it was missing something."
I generally do not read entire books in one sitting. I could not put this one down. Each chapter left me wanting more. The maturing of Jonus in his understanding of his society is rivetting. I felt his sorrow as his  understanding grew that he could not return to the perfect society he once  knew. A gem of a book and a strong recommondation.
"I had to read this book for a school project and at first It seemed really stupid, but as I progressed throughout the book I began to really like it.  It was really good until you got to the ending, it was what seemed like a  waste.  The ending was poor, but overall it was a pretty good book.  I  would recomend it to anyone in middle school."
This book is very well done! The author does an excellent job of not revealing what exactly is going on. In this way she holds your interest until the very end of the story. The characters have depth and emotion and  Jonas really draws you into the story. This book will make you question  everything you beleive about life. An excellent work!
I read this beautiful little book on the North Rim of the Grand Canyon.  For years I had heard what a great book this was (one of my daughter's favorite books) but never picked it up thinking it was a young adult book. After reading the Fault in Our Stars I decided to give it a try. It is very well written.  A fascinating read for all ages.
"Lois Lowry wrote this before the likes of Veronica Roth and Suzanne Collins mesmerized today's young adult generation, so it's not the same style - definitely better. More poetic, more mysterious, not a single question I was asking myself was answered, but that didn't matter, I couldn't put this book down. Off to buy the rest of the series!"
"This book was awsome! I loved the whole thing.  It really drew me in and i couldn't put it down! I definetly recomend it to both children and adults. The only thing is that it had a terrible cover that didn't suit the book  well.  When I saw the cover, I didn't think I'd like it, but i did.  Don't  judge this great book by it's cover!"
"This is a world of fairness, everyone is among the same level, except Jonas.  Jonas became an ""adult"" when he turns 12, and he was selected to be the ""Master"" of this world.  His teacher, The  Giver, transferred the information of love, wars, and the outside world to  him.  Jonas is now promoted to a world of fear."
"This book has a special place in my heart. I was introduced to it in the third grade and it was lovely to hear but it didn't make sense to me,the way their society had been structured. Reading it again as an adult pulls a whole new perspective on it. I recommend this for anyone ages 8+. It's just so well written and a fantastic read."
"This book will stay with me. The ideas of any utopian society are well intended, but there is a certain pain and sadness and difficulty to everyday life that makes living worthwhile. Without those things, how does one experience extreme happiness? I am planning to read the sequels, and look forward to seeing the movie for comparison."
"Well written, provocative.  One of those books that leaves you thinking, off and on, for quite a while after you're done reading.  I actually first listened to it when it was first released as an audio book and it's one of the very few that I have also decided to read at a later time.  I hope the upcoming movie does the book justice."
"I am in 6th grade and I am not a very good reader. I am a lot of the time bored in book, but this book is the best book I've read in my life. It is so full of inspiring lessons and moments where it is just so full of detailed information about how they don't have freedom and the ability to be unique.  I defiantly recommend this book."
"The Giver was one of those books that made you think.  It made me wonder what life would be like for me personally if i lived in Jonas' world.  This book is much more than a coming of age story.  it is a question about the things that we want.  Would they really make us happy, or would we forfeit more important things in their place?"
"I like this book because it is a good book to read.I recommend this book because it's good book to read because at the end of this book you may think a lot of things that had happen to Jonas and to Gabriel.You may think that they die, that they find a family, or that they survive.So I hope you could get this book someday and read it."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is a science fiction book about a twelve-year old named Jonas. He lives in a world where evrything seems perfect. There is no illness, war, or pain. At the Ceremony of Twelve he is chosen to be the Receiver-in-training. His training comes from The Giver and he'll learn that his world isn't so perfect afterall."
Need a good book to sink your teeth into? Pick up this book and read it.  Lois Lowry has so many great ideas for this awesome book.  This book is an a great book for ages 9-12. I reccomend you to read this book. It is a quick read that fills your brain with  questions.  I have a few words for this read: fantastic and stunning....
"Just recently i got myself to read it and i was not disappointed. Of course, the book raises some questions of whether the human is safe enough for himself to be free and how mistakes are what make you feel alive, but it also serves as a work of fiction and should be taken as such. Although, for great minds it could mean more than that."
"""What is the big deal?"" I wondered as i read this book.  It had been highly recommened.  I has an interesting base plot, but pretty much no character development, no plot twists, and a sudden unsatisfying ending.  And LOTS OF unexplained and implausible stuff, somewhere between science and magic.  I'm hoping the movie is better."
Four stars instead of five...I was left wanting more in the end. So I wonder...Is this what our world is becoming with the over use of prescription drugs and bombardment of advertisements? We are drugging our feelings and emotions. Our rules and regulations in society... So much more to ponder with this story. Beautifully written.
"This was a good book I recommend it to anyone looking for a good read. This book is really fascinating reading about the community was just so entertaining.! Everyone should read this book then have a nice  Blunt after wards. READ ON.!!Grow it, Roll it, Smoke it.! <3 \(^.^)/ ;}Keep Calm  andSmoke  Weed.! ;}"
This book is about a future commuity where everybody is happy. It's a paradice. But what's wrong with paradise? The paradise part. The leaders of the community take away free will. The members are stripped of the memory of freedom. It's one boy's job to discover the memories of the past. The boy then relises how horrible their world is.
"I truly enjoyed this book. I liked the idea of conversations that it promotes....alot of people feel that these people are happy in their gray world, nothing to upset their regular pattern of life but nothing that makes them jump with joy either. However, if you've never experienced sadness.....how can you truly appreciate happiness???"
"I think my title listed above is the epitome of this story, but what you lose for that comfort of ignorance is detailed well in the book. Tackling important issues in a way that is so simple is indeed a wonderful story. I read this when it was raining and I just have to say it enhanced my reading experience. Short, but powerful story."
"Very interesting made me think of  how man has  always been bent on determining his own future. Always thinking he can do better at ""setting"" the rules for civilization vs that which has  already been established by God. Although this is a fictional story it could definitely relate to the real situation to which we now find ourselves."
"A beautiful dystopian story that explores the way humanity defines itself. In 1984, we saw the limitation of language to narrow the ability for a person to describe their world thus controlling our ability to understand complex thoughts. In this book, we see similar lines of control and limitation. This book is absolutely a must-read."
This is an adventurous and interesting book. This book is about a unique and different society that humans have never adapted to and will never adapt to. I thought this book was interesting and different than others that I have read in the past few years. I feel that this book should at least be put into some libraries around America.
"I enjoyed reading The giver because it talks about how horrible life would be without the things God has given us. It talks about being trapped in a community with ALOT of rules, you cant see color, nor feel love or anything you can do in real life. I LOVED this book..yet the ending was quite odd than other books.OVERALL, Great Book!"
"I think that any one who is old enough to really ""get"" this book should enjoy it. I loved everything in the book except the ending, which is the most controversial part of the read, and even that is pretty good. A nice ""Write your own ending"" and ""What-If"" book, and it also makes you think. Check it out."
"The Giver, is a great book for 5th-8th graders, written by Lowes Lowery.  Jonas the main character of this book lives in a diffrent and difficult community.  When he gets his Assignment, or job, he gets the most important  job of all.  If yuo are wondering which job he gets find out by buying this  book today at your local bookstore!"
"The Giver made me realize what a totally controlled society could be like.  The Giver is really a moving book, that make speople realize how much  pressure someone can be under. It is placed in the future, when everything  is controlled by the Elders. People no longer see color. And there are so  many rules, I would want to run away."
"My review would have been higher if this one had a real ending.  Otherwise it was a great storyline and well written.  You have to read the other 3 books to find out what happens with the all characters, but they don't transition smoothly from one to the other.  This is one of my biggest complaints the ""series"" e-book genre."
"I ordered this book because I remember reading it when I was younger, and it was a book I really enjoyed. It's still a great read, even now that I'm 21. My only complaint was that I ordered it as new, and it had markings in it with highlighters. It had clearly been used or around children. I was still able to read everything though."
"I am a teacher, and over break I read several classics of childrens' literature that I had not read-- I loved The Giver.  It has such a modern feel.  I understand they are currently making a movie out of it.  While I teach 2nd grade and the material isn't 2nd grade material, I think any fourth grader to eighth grader would love it--"
"The Giver was a very interesting book and I enjoyed it very much.  The setting and world were very different, but it added to the storyline.  It was a little confusing at first, but I figured it out toward the end of the reading.  The details in the characters and the back story given to each one really helped me understand it more."
a unique and amazing read! designed to keep you reading and thinking. lowery's definitive vision of this world causes the mind to twist and turn while telling an emotional story about a world that lives by rules and rules alone. a heartwarming cast of individual characters that you are bound to send youre heart out to!CT - SMHS
I liked this book because it was unlike any other book I have ever read! The story is about a boy that grows up and helps his community. Some of the reasons I liked this book are that the setting is in the future and some of  the ways of life that they had were prety funny to me. I recommend this  book for ages 10 through adulthood.
"I don't normally read this type of book, but it the selection of the month for my book club.  Although starting with a negative attitude, I was drawn into the story immediately.  Even though the book is targeting a younger audience, the story poses some very weighty questions for even adults.  Definitely worth my time to read it."
"Excellent, well written and a frightening vision of a possible future!  The story had a number of levels, the story as in the straight text and plot , but  also there was a sense of a lot of underlying messages; I felt weirdly 'touched' at the end, a sensation I've never felt before when finishing a book.  Absolutely recommended."
I appreciated the simple story filled with profound messages about the value of individual freedom and how we must experience both the bad and the good in life to understand the difference. This is critical to understand in our individual pursuit of happiness. I would have liked more detail in the ending. Kind of left me hanging.
"The book is amazing, but the copy i recieved was not as advertised. I paid for a first edition hardcopy, i recieved a cheap flimsy paperback. It said 1.99 on the back.Whe. I contacted hoopbooks, they were not helpful. I will no waste anymore money on this store."
"This book has just such a creative and unique concept I love it. The world Jonas was living in was similar to communism, the people lived longer, easier lives you could say but they lacked  human emotions. Would the world  as we know it where we experience emotions, some bad , face dangers, really be better than this? I think so"
"When I started with the first few pages I didn't realize what story I'm in. As soon as I noticed I couldn't stop reading. I'm not used to science fiction, and somehow it did not seem like that at all. Captivating, breathtaking, hurtful, soulful, coloful (despite no colors) and completely not a world I would ever wish to live in."
I found the Giver to be a very easy book to enjoy. This book was great because it had suspence and to me every good book needs to keep the reader on the edge. Even if you don't like fiction books The Giver is good because in some way everyone can relate to the the main character Jonas. I recommend this book to anyone of any age.
I read the book the Giver and I think that it has a lot of morals in it.  It shows you that nothing is perfect no matter how hard you want it to be there will always be flaws.  It also states that you should be grateful  with what you have.  I think that everyone should read this book so  everyone will be a little more grateful.
"This book was one of the best books I have ever read. It was like taking a journey into a world of what life could be like if we wanted ""perfection"" and what if would cost us. The book really tells how  important feelings are. By the end of the book I was shocked and crying. I  would give recomend this book to anyone!!"
"Very enjoyable. I didn't expect the giver to be what he was. One wonders where the inhabitants live. You recognize the future, but one wonders, is it earth, or a colony on a far planet. The truth of release is not so surprising as shocking and horrifying. I still don't like these serialized stories, but am compelled to read on."
"I really enjoyed this book. I had already watched the movie and although I liked it, as usual it doesn't compare to the book.  I finished this book in less than two days it was so difficult to put down.  The thought of living in a world devoid of love and joy with no choices, yes it was safe but what would be the point in life."
"REFLECTION. CREATIVE INSIGHT AS TO WHAT HUMANKIND SOMETIMES WISHES FOR AND SOMETIMES WORKS TOWARD WITH LAWS THAT TRY TO MAKE US ALL  THE SAME, BECAUSE WE THINK THAT WILL MAKE THINGS EASIER..... NOT YET UNDERSTANDING THE DIRE CONSEQUENCES...STILL FAILING TO BE ABLE TO  ACCEPT THE DIFFERENCES AND ENJOY THEM RATHER THAN FEAR THEM."
"This book was awesome! If you liked the Matrix, you'll love this. The time where no weather, disease, or starvation can harm you, young Jonas is faced with a difficult challenge.  His decision will decide the future of the  world.  You must read it to find out, and it is worth it to wait.  Trust  me, best book you'll ever read."
"I rarely read a book all the way through without stopping. The Giver was one book I couldn't put down. Imagine a world where everybody thinks, acts, and looks the same. And imagine what it's like to be the only person who is different. If you have ever felt that you're different from everyone else, you'll understand this book."
"The Giver is a story set in the future where everything is controlled. There are no colors, there's no weather, and everyone wears grey clothes.(which is the only color they see). The main character is Jonas, who is nervous about the important event which will decide the rest of his life. He doesn't expect how important he is."
"The Giver gave me mixed feelings. The beginning and the middle of the book was incredible. I loved it! It was so cool to see the world that the characters lived. I disliked the ending though; it was kind of a cliff hanger that won't continue. Overall the book was worth the read, and perfect for people around the age of twelve."
The Giver was a decent book. Some parts were kind of cool. I liked the idea of sameness it was pretty creative.  It wasn't close to as awesome as Michael Crighton or Steven Kings books but that is from a teenage boys point of view. I think girls might be more into this book than boys. But i give it a four for the creativeness.
This was a pretty good book but it is very simular to brave new world and i think that book was a lot better.  But i think this book is good for kids who would not be able to hadle that kind of stuff.  i noticed a lot of people didn't like the ending but i thought it was good because you can decide for your self what happened.
This was the strangest book I've ever read.
"I found the book compelling, a page turner."
"Deep and profound. Makes one think.Sometimes we are so lost in our ways of doing things that weDon't think anymore. We get too automated and ethnocentric. Thinking, we have theUtopian society. Beautifully weaved story. I like that the ending is left to the imagination.Too short but a good read."
"Short but awesome book!  I want sure what was going to happen and was impressed by this book.  We all want to conform because it's comfortable, it's easier, it's familiar.  Some of us have never actually starved or had real hardships but we can read and emphasize with people who have. Thank God we aren't part of the Sameness."
"Although read frequently by school-aged childred across the country, The Giver is a great read for tose of all ages. Lowry paints a detailed world of totalitarianism and those who live in it.  Somehow I missed out on reading this book during my formative years and found myself glued to it while reading it a a twentysomething."
"This book, like Number the Stars, is serious but well writen.  I pull it out out of my bookcase again and again.  The Giver though it is a good book, has a sudden ending which cheats the readers out of enjoying it as much.  It could have had a much better ending.  Still, I highly recomend this book [the middle part at least]!"
"This book starts off well with a great story line.  Jonas lives in a society where everything is controlled by rules.  The rules were decided long ago to eliminate any individuality, any fear, any worry or anxiety.  But, as he learns when he is made the Receiver of Memories, a lot has also been lost.  There is no color, no music, no love and no pain.  However, what starts off as a great story with great potential quickly looses its thrust.  It's almost as though the author didn't know how to end the story and grabbed the first thing that came to mind.  The ending leaves the reader with many questions.  That in and of it self is not bad as long as they are thought provoking questions.  But these are not.  Rather, the reader is left asking where the rest of the story is.  This book leaves the reader flat.  There is no closure.  Perhaps that is what the author wanted but, if it is, then she chose to give up the story for the sake of a momentary effect on the reader."
"The world building in this is awesome. The author did a great job of introducing us to this futuristic utopian/dystopian world. I found the ending a little abrupt. I know it's part of a series but hoped for more closure in the first. However, an all round entertaining read which makes you think- be careful what you wish for."
"What's up with the ending of this book? I bought the Kindle version and thought that there was a part of the book missing but....  No...  That's the ACTUAL ending.Shallow characters,  nonsense plot,  personalities with no depth at all,  nothing makes sense.I hated it.  I can't believe there's  a MOVIE about it!!!"
My daughter bought these books for the 4th grade students at her school.  The kids were listening to the teacher read this out loud and asked if they could have their own copy to follow along.  It makes my old heart happy to think maybe this world isn't so bad and kids do still like to read actual books and not the internet.
"please do not listen to the other reviews that demote the book.I gaurentee you will love this book if u appreciate greatliterature. it is about a different way to look at our cultures and other cultures in a different way.  if u are not a good reader do not read, but if youe appreciate great literature please read this book."
"THE GIVER is a wonderful book that is very well written and the plot was amazing.  Instead of having books that are all based in the same time, THE  GIVER was based on the future which I thought was alot more interesting.  It was a real page turner and I always thought that I was in the book with  Jonas, the main character."
"I'd heard this book was good but the plot sounded strange and confusing so I picked it up with caution. Within the first couple of pages however, I fell in love with this book! The characters are great, and the book really  makes you think. There are sad parts and the ending leaves the reader to  make up the end for themselves. If you haven't read it already, do so now!"
"The Giver is an amazing story and one that touched me deeply.  We long for comfort and an end to pain and suffering, but all emotions good and bad add color and meaning to our lives.  I think the main character, Jonas, learns to understand this as memories and the choices they bring are given to him.  I definitely recommend this book to everyone, not just young people."
"The Giver is about a perfect village no pain , no fear ,or color.I would recommend this book to readers that like fantasy novels.You will experiance first hand what it feels like to know nothing of the outer world. While reading book I felt I was the main character Jonus a 12 year old boy whith a great power given this is a great book for anyone.I give it 5 stars *****"
I would highly recommend you read The Giver.  It is a very interesting book that will change your thoughts on how you look at the world today.  It is about a twelve year old boy named Jonas who is chosen.  He lives in a strict community which he thinks he likes.  He finds out what the Community isn't what he thinks and that there are other places.  What will he do now?
"The novel, The Giver, is full of excitement!  In my opionion it is  the best book in the world.  This would be the book that I would read again if I had to.  This science fiction novel was very well written.  I absolutly loved this book, and I wish that I could find a book that I enjoyed as much as I did this novel!  ( I hope you enjoy this book as much as I did. )"
"this book called the giver is a pretty good book.It shows good realationship between the boy,Jonas and the old man,the giver.The reason why I like this book is because its diffrent from other books.How its diiffrent is because of the no color and how they get grouped and get a number for a name.Thats why I reconmmend this book  to every one who enjoys unusal books."
"My class had to read this book. I am in the 7th grade, and this book is great. I couldn't put it down! I thought it was interesting learning about how different Jonas' community was from our world. This book is slightly science fiction with a twist of many other types. I recommend it for middle schoolers or anyone who likes a good book that will keep you turning pages!"
"This is an amazing book. It won many awards when it came out (The movie is now in release, too.) I think this book should be read by all middle school through adult people. It contains a wisdom and lessons that make one look at how we run our schools,communities and government today. It is an incredible story; the  book will become a true classic, if it isn't already."
"I read this book when I was 10. I'm now 23 and this is the book I gift to everyone I hold dear. The Giver series changed my perspective of the world and taught me to question at a young age. This in a touching and influential book that really changed my life.It's not a hard read or even particularly long but it is beautiful, deep and everyone can enjoy it."
I had the chance to read The Giver as an assignment for my myth and folk class.The Giver was a very short and easy read! I don't really enjoy reading but this book pulled me in! I'd give this book a 4 star rating. It's fun and interesting and I think anyone would love this book. It's a completely different world in the book which makes it so intriguing!Liz
"I really enjoyed the book the Giver, I read the book for a class that i'm taking and I fell in love. The Giver is a quick read that gets readers thinking about their and how it compared to the society in the Giver.  I really enjoy Reading dystopian society books and I would even go as far as to say its one of my all time favorites."
"Ok so I've never said this before but I liked the movie better than the book.  The book was good but the ages of the main characters in the book is just too young for them to be experiencing all the things that they were like love and careers.  While that may seem like a minor thing, it just threw the entire book off in my opinion."
I found it hard to believe that such a controlled society would even want a position of a receiver or giver.  The book was not convincing as to what real benefit the society felt it got from them.  I also don't care for ending which are left to the reader to decide.  Did he really find his favorite memory or did he die dreaming it?
"I read this book when I was 10 years old, and I liked it well enough then. I read it again to my son when I was 32 and it struck a much deeper chord. It is written for young adults, but it is so much deeper than a typical young adult book. It also was a great conversation starter, and critical thinking opportunity for my son and I."
"This book is interesting, but I do not recommend it to anyone who is squeamish. This book talks about some very hard concepts that become frighteningly real. This master piece brings to life the horrifying concept of not being able to chose or to be an individual. I love this book but it is sad and inappropriate for a young reader."
"This is a fantastic book about a boy who lives in the future, where there is no color, no war, no choices, everything is perfect, untill Jonah is assigned to be the ""Reciever of Memories.""  This important job leads Jonah to see things in a  different way, and to realize that there is more to the world than what he thinks."
Picked this up again after seeing the movie and having read it over 20 years ago. Interesting to remember that the book's version was a bit different from the movie in a few key elements although the major themes were consistent. A good reminder of the value of our somewhat flawed but complete human existence vs. the alternatives.
It was a perfect blend of a young readers book and an adults book. The book is not for children of about 10 or 11 years of age because of the lack of understanding. It was one of the best books I read and a sequel would be  like adding a full smile to the Mona Lisa. It has been 3 weeks since I read  it and I still ponder about it.
"I read this book when i was younger and i didn't care for it much. i didn't understand Jonas's community, but when reading it again at an older age it was very interesting to think about and conclude myself. Other  people who had read it thought of a different ending, and it was intreaging  to discuss our different points of view."
"I thought it was okay. Jonas's world was weird with there being no color or animals. His dream was sick. About Fiona and the house of the old. And Rosemary being the Giver's daughter was unusal. I wouldn't like living in  his world, with releasement and all. When they released the smaller twin in  the forehead, I was about to cry."
"A review by KayteeThe Giver is a novel set in black and white talking about the color of emotions. This book is focused on telling the world how there should be no hate, no crime, no hurt or pain. It also describes everyone being happy and living a cheerful life, as we all know, that's not how it is in this world unfortunately. A young man given the name Jonas was given the chance to become the quote on quote ""Receiver of memories."" As he turns 12 years old he's known as The Giver. He sees everything in a good way but realizes how much of a difference there is in the world.I didn't enjoy reading ""The Giver"" at all. The beginning of this book was so boring, and didn't catch my attention one bit. But as a read on and on I would get more into it. But soon enough it would lose my attention again. The beginning was a little bit strange at some parts. Towards the middle I enjoyed a lot! I think it is because that's where all the action is, and the ending, well, let's just say the author really lost me there! I think this book deserves two starts because it's that kind of book that can catch your attention at some points but others you just feel as if you don't want to read it anymore. Hopefully next time we choose a book to read I'll know its one I actually have an interest in.I strongly do not recommend this book to a young adult. I think this book should before mature audiences because he talks about injections as well as his love for a lady. I don't think that should be allowed for a 9 or 10 year old."
"Wow this book is good. The giver follows the story of a boy named Jonas who lives in a utopian future where there is little to no emotion. The book follows him as he goes on a journey to discover the truth about his ""community"". This book was very interesting and I fully recommend it to any person looking for a good read."
The Giver was a decent book. Some parts were kida cool. I liked the idea of sameness it was pretty creative.  It wasn't close to as awesome as Michael Crighton or Steven Kings books but that is from a teenage boys point of view. I think girls might be more into this book than boys. Butt i give it a 4 for the creativeness.
It was a wonderful book.  I found it very enjoyable but also very suprising.  To chose Sameness over Diversity and black and white over color.  What a world to live in.  Reading this book makes you look at the world you see everyday in a new light and think of what it might be like without color or hills or real emotions.
"I thouroughly enjoyed The Giver.  I loved the odd little world that Lois Lowry created that worked perfectly.  I began to wish that I could live in the village.  This book aroused so many questions in my mind and gave me more appreciation for mankind in general!  Plus, the ending was wonderful  but I won't give that away!"
"but very wierd. My class read it together,and decided that it needs a prequel and a sequel.(A book before and after.)I think everone should read it because if we have to big of a population this may start to hapen here.  Claire Mitchell  Evansville,Indiana"
"I had no idea this was a ""quartet"".... I thought The Giver was a complete book all by itself..  it just stops with no real ending so you are practically forced to buy the next in this series..  I wonder if it has always been so...I'm greatly enjoying the storytelling so I am sure I will finish all four books."
"I read a lot of books, sometimes 3 or more a week. It's extremely rare that a book shoots up to one on my ""Top 10 of all time best books"" list. But this book is now up there.""Haunting"" is the best word there is to describe it. It's ""artistic"" without being boring.Just, wow."
"Jonas is part of a community that thinks they are a perfect utopia, but Jonas soon finds that the community knows nothing about anything; they are just there. Jonass community is controlled by the Elders who make all the decisions in the community. it is a delightto read. I recommend this book to all young adults."
"I can't believe that I didn't know about this book until now.  What a great read, what a great story, what a great ending..... well, what I imagine the ending might be anyway.  Just a wonderful account of a possible future with modern day tickles of reality.  Really, a classic and should be required reading for everyone."
"I was fourteen when this book came out, and I think I missed out on not being able to read it when I was a kid.  So much of the story's impact is lost when viewed through adult eyes.  While I can see what all the fuss is about, and why it (deservedly) won so many awards, the story seems rather ho-hum to my grown-up self."
"very good book. reading it for a socitety project in sixth grade. i would reccomend this to 6th grade and up. it is about a boy named jonas and he is living in a somewhat  risk free society. when jonas is chosen to be the new receiver of memory, he realizes the problems in his community. very good book! have fun reading!"
The book The Giver is an interresting book. It's about a young boy named Jonas. Who is chosen to become the reciver of memory. This book is very interesting the rules are very strict in this community. You don't get a bike until your nine. The book is weird because it goes beyond your imagination. Everything is diffrent.
"I used this book as a literature set for my 7th graders. It was a great book ! The kids really ""got into"" the ramifications of a world with total equality. I would even recommend this book to high school students. The Giver is thought provoking. A worthwhile read. It forces the reader go beyond passive reading."
"This edition has beautiful illustrations.  A moving story about humanity's ignorance regarding what should or should not be considered utopian.  Sanitized ""sameness"" providing life free from pain is compared in value to life lived with depth of emotion.  An excellent example of how suffering teaches appreciation of joy."
"i read this because many of the classes at my middle school read it and i wanted to be able to answer questions students may have. i thought i would slog through it, but i found it wonderful. it is one of those books i wish i could read again for the first time so i could experience the range of emotions all over again!"
"The giver is a intriguing book about A boy named Jonas, who lives in a perfect world with no crime, war, or disease. When Jonas is twelve he is given the job of receiver of memory, a great honor. I liked this book because the book is full of suprises and because at the end of each chapter you don't want to stop reading."
"This is a futuristic book.  Dystopia from the eyes of a 12 year old.I liked the kid and enjoyed the fantasy story.But it seemed to end abruptly.  I would like to have seen the boy experience the world, how he might have perceived it, and matured.The author had me interested enough to want to continue."
"I've read this book and the 3 others in the series numerous times!  I pick up something new each time I read it.  I highly recommend this book and any other books written by Lois Lowry.  If anyone is looking for a great book to share in a book club or a middle school or high school Literature class, this is one to get!"
This books is truly great. It is easy to read and yet wonderfully written. You won't want to put it down because you'll be too interested in what's going on in that place? Why is everything so different? Are there no decisions? What is a giver and why is it so important?This is one of the best books I've ever read.
"I have read this book 4 times, and I like it even more each time I read it. I was drawn in by the characters and the story. It is an orginal book that I think everyone should read at least once. I gave my copy to my Dad to read, and he loved it. It is not strictly a children's book. I think  anyone would appreciate it."
At first I thought that this book was not going to be one of those books that you can't get away from but by the time that I was partway into it I couldn't put it down. I felt highly enlightend by the concepts that this  book brought forth. I feel that should be read by all young readers. I  highly reccomend this book.
"Excellent story. Even though this book was written for children, I was curious to know more about it since it was made into a movie. It has a very good story line that will peak the interest of any young reader. Lois Lowry is an excellent author of children's books. I also recommend reading ""Number The Stars."""
"This was along the lines of the Stepford Wives and 1984. The Giver is the one person who holds all the memories of everything that ever happened in the world and he teaches these things to his successor. As the Giver teaches something to the boy the memory fades from the Giver.  Interesting plot, I read it in one day."
"I saw the movie on DVD, then found out it was based on a novel so I looked it up and found that I had already purchased in iBook form but hadn't read it. I thoroughly enjoyed it and would recommend it for readers of any age. It delivers a message that is important to remember if we are to keep the ""human"" in humanity."
Unlike a lot of people I did not read this book in high school nor did I see the movie (yet). I read this for the first time after my spouse recommended the book. I really enjoyed the book and was sorry to see it end so soon. It is proof that a great book does not need to be 500 plus pages. Highly recommend this read.
"I love how different this book is from our vampires, werewolves, etc. Lois Lowry gives you lots to think about with questions in sure lots of people have had. What would it be like if... I would definitely recommend this book to anyone any age that is looking for something different to read that is an excellent story."
"I enjoyed this book up until that terrible ending. The book seems unfinished because of it. The Giver is not particularly brilliant, but a good read, nonetheless. If you're into books about dystopian societies then read ""This Perfect Day"" by Ira Levin. It has a very similar theme, but is a more complete story."
This was an amazing book written for younger people even though we are a group of adult women ranging in age from 35 to 68)  It really made one think about life in general and for the things that we take for granted in every day living.  Our book club of 9 people rated it an average of 9 (ten being the highest score).
I would give the book like a 9 because it is like a saga of  books well it is but this is a different kind of text that is hard to understand. I would pick this book for like a project because it is kinda hard to understand. You have to pay close attention to the novel to get a feeling of it in order to understand it.
"As soon as I picked up this book I was captivated by it. The people are all so ignorant ... the old saying ignorance is bliss Is best put here. Although there are some parts of the book that made me cry, don't ask me why but when I found out who got released I kind of knew it by the way he talked about her. Overall A great read and a captivating one at that."
"In my opinion the novel ""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry has a fantastic content.The novel is about a twelve-year-old boy Jonas, who lives in a strange community.In this community there're several ceremonies, which icluded different advantages.I'm really fascinated by the secrets in the ""perfect"" community that you can find out if you read this book."
"I found this book to be one of the most thought-provoking books I have ever read. I could understand the rationale behind the utopian design, and I could even see its merits. Conversely, I found myself yearning for Jonas to choose the emotion-filled free-will life. Already an optimist, after reading The Giver, I saw our world as an even more wonderful place."
This book is the best book you will ever read if you ask me!. I mean this book has everything you want in a book and its for all ages there is nothing bad in there really unless your child doesn't know about death yet then you should wait. This book is perfect and it doesn't cost so much money so its worth it! trust me! once you read it you will understand!.
"What will you chose? A perfect world devoid of fear, pain, pleasure and choices that results in a community of ""sameness"" OR a not-so-perfect world filled with as much war, pain, and fear as the choices, responsibility, diversity, and individuality that it offers? ""The Giver"" is actually a book for young adults, but is an inspiring read for adults as well."
I have read this book many times in my schooling career and I believe it holds a great message that should be read by everyone.  Unfortunatly i think the book was written for a younger crowd and there are other books out there that better exemplify the plot and meaning of the story.  I would highly recommend this for an early reader around the eight grade.
"I read this book when I was in elementary school.  I am now a sophmore in college, and have brought my copy with me- my roommate has her's too.  The Giver is one of the first books that really made me think about the world and wonder about the fairness of it all.  This isn't just a children's book.  Anyone can find pleasure in it because it never gets old!"
"The novel ""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry is a very interesting book about a fantasy story.For german people it is very difficult to read without the vocabulary. The story has a lot of exciting parts. But the ending of the novel is unclear and there are often questions which are not answered.Sometimes the novel is a little bit boring but all in all it is ok."
"The novel ""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry is a very interesting book about a fantasy story.For german people it is very difficult to read without the vocabulary. The story has a lot of exciting parts. But the ending of the novel is unclear and there are often questions which are not answered.Sometimes the novel is a little bit boring but all in all it is ok."
"The Giver takes you to a place were everything is the same, were people high in power make all of the decisions.  It takes you to a place where there is no feelings, but all of that is about to change as a young boy named Jonas is About to release thousands of memories from past generations.  This is a wonderfully written book and I highly recomend it."
"I had to read this book for an English project when comparing The Giver to The Scarlet Letter. It was a good book and I would definitely read it again. Lowry is a fantastic writer and I have read her other books, which of course were fantastic. Even though this book isn't that long, the plot is wonderful and exciting!"
"This was one of the best books I've read! It's like a strange dream you can't get out of.  It would be a great book for grades 6-7.  Once you pick up ""The Giver"", you wont want to put it down.  In some ironic way, it can very easily relate to society today.  I would reccomend ""The Giver"" to anyone."
"I originally read this book some years ago in middle school and thought it was a good book then. Re-reading it has been a delight. I think it is a very unique book and is well written except that I think the ending came too soon, and I wish that the same pace at the beginning of the book continued through to the end."
This book is a classic that I highly recommend.  It's not new but fits right in with the popular Hunger Games series.  I loved the book and my 10-year-old granddaughter loved it.  It sparked a lot of conversation that spanned two generations and was relevant to both of us.  We recently went together to see the movie.
this book kept my intrest entirely. from the moment it started I wasnted to know what came next. The only part of this book I didnt like was the ending. I never tels you what happens to Jonas or baby gabe. The next in serious doesnt appear to either ( by reading the synopsis) all in all a great book for young and old
"In The Giver, Jonas is struck with the supreme reality of the task he must take.  The task to feel ,hear, touch and reach worlds never found.  How tutumulous for a 12 year old such as he, but Jonas takes a journey through time and possibility to fufill his ultimate task.Krystle Beauchamp (krystle1@att.net)"
"I don't like the way this book ends. It too inconclusive. It's like a story that pulls you in then stops suddenly! (Spoiler) I'm guessing they're both dead in the end, but if that's the case all that effort to stay alive was for nothing. What happens to the community?! This book leaves a lot of questions unanswered."
"The Giver Quartet series was quite interesting. I was disappointed at first when I started the second book because I was afraid it was a total different story. It was a total different story, as pretty much each book was, but the last book tied them all together. Thank you Lois Lowry... :-) now I can watch the movie"
"SPOILER ALERTSPOILER ALERTthe ending being ""what the reader makes it out to be"" ...... Means there is no ending, the MOVIE has an ending... Book doesn't. Other than the ending... It is a very deep book, makes you appreciate freedom yet have to cope with reality of what freedom brings."
"I read this book when I was in 7th grade, and I read it again because I remember it being disturbing. It made me think about humanity as a child and how easy it could be to lose that humanity to an illusion of safety and comfort. I think it is an excellent choice for middle school aged readers all the way to adults."
"I read the Giver a few years ago and I still remember how great it was. I polished it off in about an hour. This kind of book is so rare, that provokes thought and emotion, yet still manages to tell an epic story. I  have not found another book out there that impacted my beliefs with the  force of The Giver. Bravo!"
"Written in 1993, but this story reminds me of some of the great science fiction / fantasy books of the 1940s. I really like that it comes from a child's perspective. My daughter (11) gave up on it about half way through, not sure it's for kids under the age of 12 or 13 years old, unless they are unusually worldly."
It is a great dystopian book. It makes you wonder if this book will ever come true. It is a touching story that will make you never want to put the book down. I recommend it to people of all ages. It was my favorite book that we read in school this year. I am an eleven year old girl who was sad to finish the book.
"My grandson was given this book to read for home schooling and he was coming to visit for a short period of time, so I read it to know what and understand what he was reading. I enjoyed the book. It was ""food for thought"" and resembled the story line of the Hunger Game Book. I would recommend it to others."
"While most people will read this book in highschool, I think it's important to also read it on your own merit.  Extremely engaging, captivating and very raw.  Keep in mind that the language is very simplistic, as it should be because it's for children/young teens, but the actual intent behind the book is profound."
"I am not someone who loves reading, and I do not read often, but I really enjoyed this novel. Lois Lowry, the author, demonstrated how making a perfect world might not end up so perfect. You will not be disappointed if you are into science fiction novels. It's not expensive and the shipping is fast.  Check it out."
"The Giver is one of my favorite books. It really made me appreciate and realize that I am lucky to have what I have. I love the way Lois Lowry writes, using lots of metaphors that one can ponder and discuss. By the end  of the book I was crying! I highly recommend that everyone read this book,  YOU WILL LOVE IT!!!"
"This book, The Giver is very good.  It makes you think a lot.  Aside from that, the plot is ever thickening.  The book is amazingly descriptive, but not over descriptive.  You feel as if you are actually in the book!  I would recommend this book to pretty much anyone.  The only negative is the cliffhanger ending."
Wow!  This book is awesome.  So many great ideas.  If you need a good book to sink your teeth into; pick up this book now and read it!  For me it is in my top 10 favorite books.  Which is pretty good.  You have to read this great book because how can you enjoy the book without reading it?  ~Brian~
"When I finished reading this book at first, my first thought was that it was a little weird. But later I decided that the ""weirdness"" was what made it interesting and hard to put down. This definitely is one of my  favorite books, because it is well-written in its details and very original  in its plot."
"When I began reading this book, I wasn't sure what to think. By the fourth chapter, I couldn't put it down.  Jonas and The Giver force us to think about the role diversity, feelings, and humanity bring to our world.  Your heart will lead you to an ending that will change the way you think about the world we live in!"
"Jonas was the main character!  In this book we learned that its not always the best to let other people pick things out for you. Everyone was the same, no one could really make fun of others.  The Giver was a really  giving was a really giving man. What he gives to Jonas you will have to  read the book, to find out."
"I read the book the Giver in third grade and read it over and over again. This book makes me appriciate the little things in life , such as colors and snow.  This book is complicated, but if you reread it the end refers  back and means so much more the second time around. The book is touching  and amazingly written."
"This book made you think is that world was perfect. Just think if there was no hatered, racism, or pollution. On the other hand they didn't have love, colors, or music!  I liked this book except for the end. It was dumb and stupid. Why couldn't you just say the ending. All he did was slide on a sled to a town. Wow."
"I loved the book. I'm reading the 2nd book in the quartet right now, and even though I was disappointed at first that it doesn't pick up where The Giver left off, it's related in a way. I look forward to seeing The Giver the movie. The society Lois Lowry has created should be visually interesting and heartbreaking."
"This should be required reading for all students, grade 6 and beyond. An excellent discussion piece amongst book clubs and a great companion piece to all those who dare to buck the odds of the expected lot in life. I highly recommend The Giver and recognize its unique position amongst typical adolescent literature."
"I was forced to read this book in middle school, and I recently re-read it because the movie is coming out soon. Also, I have NEVER re-read a book, except for colorful children's books with lots of pictures. I love Harry Potter and I still can't make myself re-read those. It's an amazing book I really recommend it."
"I had not read this story until my sister who taught in Junior High sent me a copy urging me to read it. Then I saw that a movie will be made of it to appear in August. I completed reading it on my tablet. Then I saw that it made a list of  Children's books ""which changed my life."" I do recommend this book."
"...that is what Lois Lowry has created.  Right down to the hair ribbons and buttons, this world is all about sameness.  It's hard to believe people could be happy living like this.  Lowry is a master and she makes you think  about and cherish the important things, like snow, sunshine, uniqueness,  choice, and love."
I thought the giver was a pretty good book.  I thought some parts in the begining were  boring but the rest made up for the begining.  It just kept getting better.  I thought some parts were a little strange  and confusing.  I still thought it was a great book.  I think it is a good book for young  adults to read.
Decent condition. Good book.
My 11 year old son thoroughly enjoyed!
The book was delivered quickly and my son actually enjoyed reading it. It gave us many hours of conversation.
"While being in. Reading lull I talked to a friend and was suggested I read The Giver, well let me say that was a fantastic idea!! The story is amazing and enthralling, once I started reading it I couldn't put it down, Lois Lowry is by far one of the best wrighters I've encountered and i can't wait to read her other instalments on the Giver Quartet , I highly recommend this book, for people of all ages! It's an easy read and I promise you will get hooked on it!"
There was a book years ago about a society where everyone took shots to suppress emotions. The main character was born with different colored eyes. Criminals were exiled to an artificial island. The goal was to reach a certain hidden location where the elite lived and ruled. This sounds much the same. Does anyone remember title?
"I give the book a 4.6 actually :) It was a really well taught book! I was in it from the beginning till the ending. The idea is amazing!! I wanted to know more the whole book. It was really interesting, a lot of futuristic/dystopian in this. Loved the concept, the writing, the characters... I wonder how they will do a movie with such a small book, I think they will change a couple of things from it, but I think that it may have some great potential. I think that this is one of my favourite futuristic worlds that I have ever read about! The cover is horrible, but the content of the book and the lesson is great! It is a book that everyone should read! Loved it!**SPOILERS ARE COMING**Well I don't feel like doing a big review with this one because it's such a small book.I loved the idea of the Sameness in the world and of the releases! I was really surprised the The Giver's daughter was Rosemary! I really loved the memory giving things, and the Ceremonies (like when your twelve and you get to train for you future job and be treated as an adult like every one when you get at that point of age). Can I just say that I was really disappointed of the ending... I was expecting an epic one, like that he would get caught and something dramatic would of happened... I don't know maybe the Giver would have died or that Jonas would have released himself and let loose all the painful memories and the joyful and that there would have been a rebellion in the Community.. I don't know, but definitely not this ending... We don't even know what really happened! Maybe he died happily with Gabriel or he found Elsewhere. I think that the colours he saw where the colours of the planes that found him and Gabriel (he didn't notice because he was too hungry and freezing and tired) and that they brought him back into the community or something like that because I feel evil about it ;) About the dad and him killing babies... I hated that so much! Arg! It disturbed me so much. Imagine if yours or my dad would do this as simple as that! That was horrible.Well that's it... I'm really tired right now with school over, I just want to sleep ;)Goodnight,-Steph"
"The Giver started of well and I loved the concept, however about half way through the book I felt like Author didn't know what direction to take and started to lose interest.  The finish was disappointing and left me feeling like I was missing the last chapter."
"I liked this book a lot most of the way through but the last quarter or so ruined it for me.  Once Jonas and the Giver came up with their plan it was boom, boom, boom, over.  It just didn't feel like it connected with the rest of the book.  As far as the reviews calling the book very unique in its premise, I'm just not seeing it.  There are so many other books that approach the whole conforming society, no individual choices thing."
This is one of my all time favorite books. I have several paperback copies but I have always wanted it hardback!! I'm soo happy to add this wonderful book to my collection.
"I've been wanting to read this book for a long time.  When I saw that the movie was going to be released in 2014, I decided now was the time to read it.  ""The Giver"" is a dystopian novel that takes place in a community in which people are not given any choices and therefore avoid making mistakes.  There is no war, no illness, no crime.  Everything is controlled and in perfect order.  When protagonist Jonas turns 12, he is selected to be the community's ""Receiver of Memories.""  What Jonas learns in his new role turns his life upside-down.""The Giver"" is a thought-provoking book that really encouraged me to think about my own life.  When it's tempting to think, ""Wow, wouldn't it be great if nobody ever felt anger or got sick and always had perfect children..."" this book makes you stop and think about what price you would have to pay to reap these benefits.  Is it worth it?"
"Compelling post-apocalyptic novel. An interesting take on the burden of memories. Is innocence better than awareness? The characters were compelling, the plot and setting fascinating, and the writing tight and beautiful.Bonnie FerranteRetired teacher. Author of ""Terror at White Otter Castle""."
"The first time that I read this book I was in 5th grade. I hated reading and writing book reviews for homework. After being forced to start reading this book, I fell in love with reading. This book opens the mind in so many ways. In a way it creates a whirlpool of imaginative images moving about in your head."
"The author stated that people had contacted her saying this book changed their lives.  Really?  It is an interesting concept of government control to the extreme and the determination of two people to overcome that, but life changing it is not.  Just an interesting read that I did not recommend to my friends."
"I really loved this book, my only thing is I wish it could be longer. Go on and say what happened after. What about the community and the giver. Where did Jonas go, what happens? You know? But other than that one thing, it was amazing! Perfect for male or female at any age. There is also a movie now too... ;)"
"Fascinating world building, but the last third of the book is a rushed, hurried and completely unbelievable ""adventure"" that does disservice to a promising start. Perhaps the series is stronger when taken as all four books, but I have little intention of reading the rest after the lack of actual plot."
It started off very good but then it started getting very boring. I did  not like the ending AT ALL. It is very simple and does not say much. It is left open. The worst part is that the sequel doesn't tell what happens next. It is just a different story. We will never know what happened to Jonah at the end...
My 11 year old was reading it in school and told me how she couldn't put the book down :-)That was new to me. I had to read the book. It is indeed great with a message to each and everyone of us. To a future that could come true if we don't respect our world and the people in it.It's a must read.
This book is just as enthralling and just as haunting as I remember. It was great for conversation. The boys were just as surprised by some of the plot twists and just as appalled at some of the choices made by the community as I was when their age. It left them begging for more which is always a good thing.
"This was such a great book, its very interesting and it kept me reading, then when I got to the end I was very surprised. I was expecting something like he got to elsewhere or he died. We dont know what happened in the end so we have to guess. This is a very good book and I think it deserved a better ending."
"If you've been putting this book off on your list, pick it up now! I am not much for emotions through books, but this one had me going the whole time. Every chapter left me with my mouth agape and hooked me in for the next page. Your life will have a whole new perspective after you turn the back cover over."
"Wow, this Lois Lowry award winner was delicious. I don't read many novels, I'm usually a fan of memoirs & non-fiction. But this book was captivating. A really quick & thought provoking read. It is specifically for young adults & while I'm certainly not young, I am young-at-heart & thoroughly enjoyed reading it."
"This is one of the few books that I can re-read frequently.  It's a nice easy read for teens and up and delivers a very strong message.  I just re-read it over the last day and a half and forgot just how awesome the story is.  At under 200 pages, what do you have to lose by not reading it?  You won't regret it."
"I can't say that I loved it, but it was good.  I had wanted more to the ending(it was a lot shorter of a book that I usually read), but I don't think I'll go ahead and read the series.  I don't see how this isn't an appropriate book for middle school, might give the kids today something to think and appreciate."
"This book has all the qualities I enjoy in young adult literature (I am not a young adult): a compelling narrative, interesting characters, a well-described environment for the action. There are a couple of things in this story which stretch credulity, but I was able to set them aside and just ""be"" in the tale."
I remember reading this book in school it was great then and its still great.  Im not much of a reader and i was suprised how into the book i got. its a short book and is so interesting im just flying right through it. Cant wait to get the other 2 books that come after it... I never knew it was a 3 book series.
"The GiverThis is an amazing book. I first read it in high school as part of an AP English course, oddly enough, but when I became a teacher myself, I used it every year with my students.  Kids really empathize with the main character and the message is ever so important.  It's a quick read."
"i'm 14 years old, and had to read this book for school as a summer reading list assignment.  i thought it would be boring, but it was great!  it was easy to understand (even though the world they live in is way different  than our modern world), and only takes a few days to read.  trust me.. it's  a great book!"
"I love this book. From it, we can better understand why it is so important that we know and remember even the simplest things in life.The main character, is wonderfully developed. His mother wasprobably the least interesting. Good cast overall.I'd highly recommend this book."
"I really wanted to like this book - I've heard so many good things about. It could have been a really good story, but as others have pointed out in their reviews, there's just too many plot points that don't hold up under scrutiny. Also - the ending felt really rushed and I didn't care for the ambiguity of it."
This book is like an artpiece. The author talks about the perfect world that the main charachter lives in. And the main charachter is very tired of living in this strict code of laws. So he tries to escape this community. He escapes and dies in the middle of his journey. This book is amazing. Just an artpiece.
"I first read this book in elementary school and thought that it was one of the best books ever then and still do now as an adult. It gives the reader a great story with lots of details and also gives a lot to think about. Bought the Kindle edition, it is great because I can watch it pretty much anywhere."
"I read this book when I was in grade school, and just read it again recently. I still found it a very entertaining and enthralling read that you can finish up pretty quickly. It's a great book for all ages, and reminds me of a younger version of books like Divergent or The Hunger Games, but less violent."
I love this book. I first read  it in 4th grade. Then again I. 5th and anytime I had a choice of a book to read in school. Now I am 28 and I am reading it again just for fun. I can picture everything in this book and I hope one day someone will make a movie out of it so I can see my visions come to life.
"The book ""THE GIVER"" by Lois Lowry is about a boy called Jonas who lives in a world consisting of rules, without colours, pain and music etc. Our thoughts of ""THE GIVER"":  In our opinion it is an unputdownable book. But we do not like the ending because we excepted a  different one..."
"I have always loved this kind of writing.  Makes one think - What if?  Often in my musings this kind of world creeps into my thoughts.If only I could live long enough to see what the future will bring.  Unfortunately, that will not happen.  I really can't wait to get the next books in this series."
"I would definitely recommend this book to any one who loves to read 'what if' books, like myself. This book was full of interesting things to think about. Many places in this book made my stomach drop, and got me excited to keep reading and reading and reading. I was constantly entertained by this book!"
"Classic story..always a great read. I read this immediately after reading 'Unbroken'...such an interesting follow up to a POW/War story. This is not a land we would want to give up our freedoms for, but perhaps some things do seem tempting when considering the harsh realities of the World and adulthood."
Many of my friends had to read this for school but it would be several years before it was my turn. The world is honestly terrifying but the Giver himself symbolizes hope and freedom that the others don't have. This story reminds us to treasure our emotions and memories in a way that will stay with you.
"Even know i'm a kid in 5th grade i think this book is AWESOME! Today my class is watchging The Giver because we (in clouding my teacher) all ioved it. If you are a persion that doesn't like the book you should try, rereading it. It is better when you read it a second time.Thank you for reading.;)"
"This is an older dystopian novel. I felt the story was strong, but it could have gone so much further. It's a very short read. The characters could have been more developed. I can see where this book could have gave seed to the hunger games, divergent and shatter me type novels that are big hits today."
I think that this was a great book. It kept me on the edge of my seat. When the giver gives Joanas the memory of Joanas sliding down a hill. That was my favorite part. Joans lived id a verry plain world. Ther was no color and pretty much nothing we have today. It would have sucked to be Joanas no GOLF.
"One of the most unique books I ever read, The Giver really shows you how important feelings and memories really are; what humans would be without them.  Such a book isn't writtin every day!This is one of those books you could read over and over and never get bored.  I strongely recommend this book."
"I am a teacher and love teaching this book to my students. The messages about truth, choice, rights, and so much more and the link to historical references make great conversations and help students to make informed opinions they can defend in a healthy debate are so valuable in teaching life lessons."
"Don't dismiss this book as ""just"" a young-adult novel; it will make you think and feel -- perhaps more than you want -- whether you're 12 or 91. Lowry creates a convincing world, beautiful and horrifying, and even though it hurt to read, I was never sorry. One of the most perfect books I've ever read."
I thought the book was so good. All of my friends loved it also. It was truly original. I thought that Jonas was amazing. I liked it when The Giver gave Jonas all the memories of the past.  I thought Jonas was courageous  because he could take in all of those memories. Even the horrible painful  ones.
"1.  ""Soylent Green is made of people!"" - Charleton  Heston, Soylent Green (Keep this phrase in mind  while reading)2.  ""Elsewhere"" and ""Whoville"" (from ""How the  Grinch Stole Christmas) sound an awful lot  alike.  (see last three paragraphs and you'll  agree)"
"A future glimpse at a society that has changed dramatically from ours, this is scary to contemplate. Each person's life follows a set plan--no deviations.  As you realize the sinister aspects of this living plan, it becomes remarkably horrifying and  these people have no idea what is really going on."
"Oh god. More tripe from the zeitgeist. I swear, I cannot believe that this book was recommended to me. If you're a teen, then yes it's a good book. but if you even know anything about the world this book lacks the imagination to pull you in, and lacks the depth to leave you intellectually stimulated."
"One of my favorites! This a great futuristic read that I enjoyed as much as my students. A great discussion book as well as entertaining one. I immediately ordered the second, then third, and was very excited to discover there was a fourth one! would recommend it to highly. You don't want to miss it!"
"ever since reading this book the first time, I enjoyed page after page a second and third time. I was lucky enough to read and do activities with it in my student teaching. the students also enjoyed reading it. the book helped them to understand utopias and how they compare to the lives they live."
This is the best book I have ever read.  It shows everthing that the human emotions can feal.  I tshows what kind of world we live in and opens our minds to what is around us.  no other book can make you intouch with you  emotions such as this book can.  It was well writen and deserves all the  praise this world can give it.
"THE GIVER held my attention but reminded me of a movie, (may be on TV,) that I had seen, where town people who lived in a vacuum began seeing colors & became happier as they learned more about life from an 'outside the vacuum' source.  The concept is thought provoking, writing good but ends with a loose end.  Thelma Safarik"
"My daughter (13), son (11), and I (old... oh so old) recently finished The Giver.  Some books make you think, some books make you dream, but this book makes you feel.  All three of us cried and laughed throughout The Gift.  We debated the ending and shared our thoughts and feeling. We loved this book and bought the quartet."
Not a great book by any means. I felt it was slow and predictable  yet it was not a bad way to pass a very tiny bit of time. Not a book worth reading again. I was curious aboutt it after I heard it was being made into a movie. That is the only reason I read it. Curiosity didn't kill this cat but it nearly bored me to death.
"I have read this book many times. It is enthralling and the writing is one of a kind. The plot, a boy in an enclosed sphere of a world where everything is the same, is not confusing but after you read it, you will  want to put it down and think about it. I would recomend it to anybody who  can read! This is truly a classic."
Loved this book. A friend told me it was her favorite book in middle school and I have wanted to read it since so I fi ally did. Now I want to see the movie. I definitely recommend it. I wish amazon would offer to up your purchase and suggest the books written after...The Messenger and another one. Now I want o read those.
This product was worth buying especially for High School students . It is very informative. Its contents is easy to read and  comprehend and can be used as an educational tool for learning to improve the child's vocabulary and reading skills. It is well written.  Thumbs up to the Author and also to the Buyer - A must read!
"The Giver is an eye opening book of all genres. I couldn't classify this wonderful story under any category. The tale of a boy in the corrupt world that he lives in reminds me of where our lives are going. Other books by Lois Lowry are good, but this story is the golden age of realistic story telling that I have ever seen."
The Giver was very boring and slow in the beggining. It was also confusing. The book got better in the training of the reciever. I do not know why they can't see color. I rated the book a  because I did not get  the meaning of it. It is confusing because Jonas starts to see color and  hearing music and everyone else can't.
This seriously is the best book I have ever read. It is so different than any other book. And it portrays what life would be like if we didn't have  most of our blessings.It shows how one man changed one boy to change the  entire world.The emotions you'll have while reading this book are  overwhelming. It is so beneficial.
"This book is about the way things are in the future, and the way things were in the past is given to one person to remember.  They believe the memories are to awful for everyone to have.  I did not like the way the book ended this part of the series.  It does make you want part 2 really fast though."
Gathering Blue is a very enjoyable book but to me it's predictable because I read The Giver first. It won't distract me from reading more Lois Lowry books. The story is still provocative. I feel as if her characters are friends.Soon The Giver film is coming out. I will not miss that certainly!
I read this book once in third grade but my mom wouldn't let me finish it because she said it got too violent. I was required to read it for class this year and i finished it. It was so awesome! I would recommend this to any and everybody who likes a good book that leaves you with so many questions.
"As an adult, and not a young one, I was fascinated by this book. It was recommended to me by a 12-year-old. I am sure that I experience the book very differently than she did, and yet I cannot wait to talk to her about it. This book will give you a memory, a special memory, that you will not forget"
This Book Was AMAZING. So Much Suspense And Futuristic Plot Make This Book Awesome. Its Awesome Because The Ending Leaves You With A Bunch Of Questions And A Chance To Create Your OWN ENDING!!! How Cool Is That!?!?! But Some Of My Friends Thought They Died At The End... And That Was Just Depressing!
"The Giver was a great book.  Lois Lowry was the perfect author for writing this book.  She made the end of every chapter with suspence.  There are many twists and turns through the book.  There are parts that will make you say, ""Oh my gosh.""  You will not want to put this book down.  Read this book."
"This book enthralled me with its story of peace, love, and punishment.  You will not be able to put it down until you finish. It kept me reading and I felt for them in this wonderful book.  When I got up I went to the library and checked out another of Lois Lowrys books.  Remember to read and enjoy!"
"It was a really good book recommend for children 11 and up, sad but very good. Only a four becuase I wish she would write more than 180 pages and tell if he finds another village in the end or if he ends up dieing, and I wishe she would tell what happenes to the giver so many un answered questions."
I had a hard time putting the book down and yet I thought it was very depressing to real.  I find it hard to accept that dark side of life and only one person being the only one to see beyond the way the community was allowed to live.  The author is an excellent writer I merely found it depressing.
"An intriguing package of ideas and themes, but the denouement goes downhill and is unworthy of the plot.  I have to say also that the sample lead-in by Amazon, which is not actually from the story but rather a come-on introduction by the author, was a poor device that Amazon should avoid in future."
"I had a vague memory of reading The Giver in my upper elementary school years, but the plot, content, and characters had all but disappeared. I remembered only that I had enjoyed the book and felt disappointed by the ending, so I decided to re-read it as a 25-year-old and see how my reaction changed.Incidentally, memory is one of the books major themes  perhaps even its most important or prominent one.In a nameless, dystopian future, people live together in highly regulated communities of sameness. There are endless rules to follow, and each person is molded by the community to perform a specific function for the community. The characters are bland and lifeless  even their speech is monotone and colorless. Lowry slowly reveals the reason why the characters behave the way they do: they have no memories, and no feelings. The collective memory of the human races past has been distilled and collected by a line of people known as the Receivers. They alone hold the memories of things like sunshine and snow and hunger and war and love. The rest of the community operate without knowledge of these things, and as a result, their feelings are flat and without context. In an effort to live safe, regulated, practical and fair lives, the community has snuffed out differences and the feelings that accompany them.The book chronicles the story of a year in the life of Jonas, a young boy who has been assigned the role of Receiver. The more he absorbs the collective memories of the human race, the more conflicted he becomes. Eventually, Jonas has to decide if he will follow the rules of the community, or try to break free and allow his enormous collection of memories to be let loose among his friends and family  possibly overwhelming and destroying them all.The Giver is a quick read, and the chapters go by very quickly. The language is not particularly challenging, but it includes some engaging and powerful moments (the times when Jonas encounters new feelings and colors and sounds for the first time are especially poignant).The book also poses a collection of engaging questions for teens. Readers will be presented and grapple with dilemmas around humanity, ethics, and the importance of history, to name a few. Though it is not considered a particularly academic text, it is full of content that students might choose to explore about as they learn to become critics and writers.Because the context is a foreign and because the setting is outlined slowly over time, it may present some challenges for readers who are uncomfortable wondering about context and setting for stories. And for readers who look for a neat, happy ending, The Giver will likely leave you with more questions than answers  an uncomfortable feeling for younger readers who are anything like I was as a grade school student."
"This is my favorite book! The storyline is so intriguing and I love it! :) I would recommend it for anyone of any age not just children. Great buy, definitely worth your money! :)"
"Nice easy read. Story line a little thin but writing style makes it a lovely and entertaining read. A good read for teens to get them interested in reading. I love the history on the book, given it was banned in several states, which of course makes for a much more interesting read."
"The best dystopian novel, worthy of being read by everyone. Lois Lowry has a keen insight into the potential for genius to become madness."
"This book has been reviewed so many times that it almost seems silly for me to add another review. That said, I will keep it short.This is an excellent book full of themes and meanings on life. It's incredibly thought-provoking. That's why my professor chose this book for class to read, and why many teachers in general choose this book."
"This book was a requirement for Summer School, it was very interesting. A must read, especially if you are family orientated."
Very good book. I can see why the critics around the world have embraced this story of humanity.After re-reading the conclusion a number of times however I am still in the dark on what happened to the receiver and the young child.I will read more reviews in order to get a better understanding.Overall a great read
Most interesting concept and I look forward to reading the next 3 in the series. A good read for Book Clubs
It was a good book to read. There was a little sticky brown stuff on cover but overall a good book.  Thank you for prompt delivery.
Really enjoyed this book- but it doesnt seem to continue after with any sequel which was a bit dissapointing!. Maybe i just cant seem to find the sequel though?
Interesting plot and cadence. I thought character development could have been stronger but was adequate to move the story along. I did not think the ending was satisfying. I felt it left too many open questions but on the whole this was a very good book and I'd recommend it for a quick Summer read.
This was required summer reading for my 12 year old and I decided to read too.  I was very amazed at the topics it brought up in our discussion.  My 12 year old enjoyed it as much as I did and I believe he got some serious insights.  It was very easy to read and held our interest with each chapter.
"ok, so my kid is taking this in school -- and it sure makes for interesting conversation!!  loved it & would recommend it to the parents of all the kids who are reading it in school. you'd be surprised at what they are studying in grade 6!!  love what this author has done with the whole series!! :)"
"the book ''the giver''written by lois lowry deals with a group of people,who seem to live in a perfect world.it's very intersting to read ,but i can't imagine how life would be without feelings,memories,coulours,...i think ''the giver'' shows us how lucky we can be to have all these things."
"I THOUGHT THE BOOK WAS UNUSUAL. YOU HAVE TO READ THE BOOK 2 OR 3 TIMES TO REALLY UNDERSTAND THE WHOLE THING. I THOUGHT IT WAS OKAY, BUT I DON'T RECOMMEND IT.THE BOOKIS ABOUT A BOY WHO HAS BEEN CHOSEN TO BE A LEADER AND TO HAVE ALL KNOWLEDGE AND HE RUNS AWAY  BECAUSE HE FINDS OUT A  SECRET."
"Good dystopian worldview of what it could and would be like if we ever became the world that so many think we should be, where everyone thinks and act the same. The chances of this kind, or similar scenarios, are all too real today. Pretty much a character study, but a very thought provoking read."
"I read The Giver back in fifth grade. As a kid, I remember thinking it was okay, but not getting a lot of enjoyment out of it. As an adult, I loved it a lot more. The begin was a little boring, but after a few chapters, it picked up the pace and got interesting. I'm excited to continue the series."
This was my first time to read this book though I've been aware of it for years.  This is a cautionary tale about man and how important it is for us not to lose sight of what is most important in our humanness. Avoidance of pain and conflict at all cost?  Or risk suffering for an even better life?
"I enjoyed this book although I found it a bit ""dark"" and sad.  Yet, it is such a book that once read, you just may want to re-read to take in all you still ponder.  It is a good book especially for the teen aged and up.  I read it quite a while ago, but still find myself thinking about it."
"he lives in a community that has discovered sameness,everything is perfect.Jonas is selected to become the new reicever of memory.he Suffers not from his training but from all the lies and unknowing people about him they conduct a plan to cahnge that.will their plan work?read the book to find out."
"The Giver is by Lois Lowry.  a great book but a little strange.  The characters of the book are Jonas, Lilly, Gabrial, The Giver, The Chief Elder, Asher Fiona, Jonas' Mother, and Jonas' Father.  I give this book a general thumbs up.  I recomend this book to anyone looking for a good book to read."
The Giver is a wonderful book for ages 10 to about14. This book has such a great plot for midage children. The plot and setting and whole book is so wonderful for mid age children. The giver is really so wonderful the plot is so awesome and the setting is so far into the future it is awesome  too!
"I am 15 years old and I read the giver when I was 11.  It remains my favorite book, and sometimes, I just read sections of it now, because I love it so much!  It is an example of how Lois Lowry ""thinks outside of the box"".  It is creative and thought provoking and definately a must read."
"I enjoyed the book, however, at the time of reading it, I didn't know it was a series and was disappointed at the way it ended.  Now that I know there are three more books to read, I am looking forward to the second book; The Gathering.  The 3rd book is the Messenger and then finally, Son."
"This is an incredible, thought-provoking book. I read it after I went to see the movie. I couldn't put it down until I had reached the last page. Then, I discovered that it is part of a quartet and am now on the third book. The series is absolutely mesmerizing. Definitely a five-star masterpiece."
"I decided to read this book because of the upcoming movie release.  It definitely held my attention and hindered my sleep, in good and bad ways.  I enjoyed the book, but was left unfulfilled.  I suppose I need to read the other three books, which I will do, to feel a little better about this one."
"I remembered this being one of my favorite books that I read in school. I never re read it because I was afraid that I would be disappointed. I just finished it in a day, and I still love it. It reminds me to be happy and appreciate the feelings and memories that are gained from life experiences."
"I saw the movie The Giver today and thoroughly enjoyed it. So many parts moved me, presented with a story of what humanity entails. If you liked Pleasantville, you'll like this too. Has same elements of B&W turning to color and seeking what lies beyond the boundary. I'm inspired to read the book."
"My granddaughter recommended this book to me and, as always, shows excellent taste. Very thought provoking but still an interesting read. The end was a little disappointing to me as I struggle with open ends and prefer my finishes spelled out clearly but the journey was well done and fascinating."
"This was a book chosen for a book club I'm in. I like the utopian/dystopian genre, but I have never been so engaged, so quickly before. It's definitely a great plot and to me it was very original. I can't wait to read the rest of the quartet! Seriously though, do not read chapter 19 in public! ha"
"I appreciate what the author is saying, but I think the book would have the best effect on tween readers. Simply written and a little predictable if you observe the way the community works. As other reviewers have commented there are lots of questions at the end which may or may not be answered in another book in the series. Very, very quick read."
"I wish I would have read this as a child because I think it would have been an awesome introduction into dystopian fiction, which became one of my favorite genres as an adult. I probably would have grown up loving it like everyone else seems to.It's a quick and interesting read, but I didn't feel much of a connection to the characters."
"the giver is one of my top ten books.  i read it first when i was in fifth grade, and every year I read it at least once.  it really makes you appreciate the society we live in now.  the ending is left unexplained, and it haunts me when i finish reading.  this books will make you think..it is sad and creepy.  But I recommend this book to everyone!"
"The Giver is a very interesting book.  It can be enjoyed by people of all ages.  The book is about a world with no color,feeling,or even choice.  It  questions societies impact on the way we live our lives and helps us to  realize how lucky we are to expericence things such as love, and the  ability we have to make many of our own choices in life."
"This book is a great book for all ages! It teaches you to appriciate things in life that you often take for granted- color, sunshine, choices. This book made me realize how important choices are. Without them we are  just empty shells carrying out tasks. Even without pain things can be  lifeless.I loved this book and would recommend it to anyone!!"
"I have been wanting to read this book long before I heard they were making it into a movie, I have to admit I should have read it sooner it was well worth the read. The book pulled me in while reading it, the world created by Lois was wonderful. Great book to cuddle up with for a weekend read. I would recommend this book to everyone young and old"
"The weirdest book I've read in a while, the ending is unfortunately a cliff hanger leading to nothing but I'm still confessing my love for it. I felt it changed my perspective on life and would recommend it to everyone searching for 'meaning' it's so inspirational and I've learnt to be grateful for my amazing life and the choices available to me."
"Very well written.  I had seen the name for ages but kept skipping it bcause it sounded like something I wouldn't like, but when I found out it wasa dystopian type novel I jumped at it.  I am glad I did.The government begins to control everything down to dreams and the grade of roads.  No one is to be different from anyone else.  How scary."
Although this book is written for kids I have to say I thoroughly enjoyed it and I would recommend it to those young and old. The plot is unique and I wasn't sure how I felt about the ending being left open to the readers interpretation but as a little time past and I thought about it I decided I think that's part of what makes the book so great.
"Mr. A's 8th grade LA class liked this book's themes and symbolism; however, the perceived slow pace turned some of us off, and the ambiguous ending was not appreciated by all. While some of the vague or generalized elements reinforced the book's message, we thought it also took away from some of the excitement that comes with a detail-rich book."
"I read this book in the 5th grade, nearly 10 years ago, and I still remember everything from the book. This book is absolutley the best book ever written, it tops the Potter books, lord of the flies and any book that can be thought of as a litterary classic. You will absolutley enjoy this book!!!"
I can describe this book as an interesting book because the culture was so different from ours. The rules were stricter and the sameness was unnecessary. But the receiver of memories had feelings and was able to remember all the memories that were given to him. This book was a very exciting book.
"A good book for young folk. Should make them realize the choices and options they can freely exercise, but also respect the fact there are groups of individuals who are perfectly happy living without options and choices. We cannot will our way of thinking upon others and expect it to be alright."
"Having read the Divergent trilogy, Hunger Games, and the Maze Runner I thought those were the best dystopian books in that genre. After reading the Giver, I was wowed this was like nothing I've read before. This tackles things from a different perspective, leaves you thinking deeply. WONDERFUL!!"
"My 15 year old nephew recommended this book and author to me.  I'm 63 and found it intriguing.  Having the central character a young person, contradicts the notion that with age comes wisdom. As a Great Books leader back in the day, I enjoyed discussing the ending with him.Aunt Sue M"
What a nice change of pace it was to read this short novel. I am not typically a fan of science fiction but I felt this was more a philosophical book than anything else. I wish I was back in college and could debate the underlining meaning of living in a society void of emotion and independence.
"I read this story probably 20 years ago or more precisely, it was read to me.  What I find fascinating is how my perception on the events has changed but not my opinion of the book. It is such a wonderful read that should have you considering what freedoms you would like to give up for ""safety""."
"In the begining it thought it was not very good, but like at page 30 it started getting good! If you are looking for a good book to read this is the book! I did not like the ending very much because it just left you  hanging. I thought it could have had a better ending. Hope you enjoy this  book"
Classic story of the not-so-perfect Utopian society.  Lois Lowry's writing is clear and concise.  Written for youth (a classic often assigned to Middle School students) but my 50-something self enjoyed it nonetheless.  Have continued reading the quartet series.  Fantasy fiction. Enjoyable read.
I found the book intriguing. The beautiful simplistic society that appeared to unfold before you. Making you long for an honest peaceful life in today's turbulent world. It makes one think of how our own world could be better. But it's dark side as with all utopian societies can not be avoided.
"I thought this book was REAL good.  The way Lois Lowry describes Jonas's sheltered life is amazing.  It makes you realize how lucky you are to live in this world, as twisted as it is. The characters are amazing.  It makes me glad that I don't get 'released' for making a mistake.  I recommend this  book to anyone."
"I only gave it a four because it held my attention to the end... it is very odd... not a book I would normally read... it is an easy read, and invoked a lot of thoughts in me... I did not like some of what happened in the book, but not that I didn't like the book... I don't know that this will help you at all..."
"Wow, I read this book on the advise of my daughter and I was transported into this world.  While I know I'm not the target market, I can say the story would be well suited to teens to adults.  It's hard to write a review without including spoilers but a few chapters veer into some fairly dark, upsetting avenues."
"I love science fiction.  The story has the tone of Sci-Fi yet it had to have had a period of development to reach the level from which it required a ""Giver"" to enlighten one individual of the past. One wonders how it could have reached that level at all. Intriguing, dramatic and a very interesting story."
"I read this with both of my kids when they were around 11 years old.  I decided that since the movie was coming out, I would read it again.  So glad I did!  I forgot so many things.  This book is so interesting, even for adults.  It tells of what our world would be like if we didn't have pain, choices, and love."
"This is a YA book, isn't it? There isn't much to it.But what there is, makes you think.The story establishes itself, and then we see that all is not as it seems.I would not have read this book if they didn't make the movie, but I can see why this book has the following it has."
"I first read this book when I was ten years old and it gave me a whole new world to think about. As I reread it, I'm stunned by the even deeper levels that come across. It's a disquieting, but provoking read. This isn't recommended for general bedtime reading, but it is a wonderful book to share with your child."
"I thought this book was great.  I didn't get it at all the first time I read it.  After a couple times, though, I really understood it.  It really made me grateful for the little things.  In the book, there was no color, no feeling, no emotion.  It's hard to even imagine.I recommend this book to everyone!"
Love it can't wait to read the others!!!!
"Wow, amazing read. Mesmerising! The feel of the writing is gentle & some what innocent, which made me unprepared for the discreet, yet obvious and accepted practises in this community. As adult in my late forties I was really surprised how confronting I found this! Fantastic read & I will definitely read again!"
"I only read this book because my boyfriend, who doesn't like to read, said this was the only book he had to read that he actually liked and he said I should read it. I didn't know what to expect but I'm glad I read it. I loved it! I'm big into sci-fi and things that make you think. Definitely a must read!"
"I have read only a few books in my adult life. Romance novels, young adult books, and some action adventure books. I look for books that have a great story, and characters I  care what happens to. I got all of that and more in this book. I felt emotion. Love.  A page turner for sure. My new favorite book."
"Great story. Easy read. Hated where author ended it. In my opinion there was so much to tell. Instead of including the authors comments at the end maybe more of the rest of the story could have been written.I know there are ""sequels"" but they're not the continuation of this particular story."
"THE GIVER  presents the idea of a utopian society and the challenges of people within that community in an excellent way.  My middle school students easily relate to the challenges and emotions of Jonas, the twelve year old main character.  This book is a great motivator for discussions and deep thoughts."
"I really liked this book.  This book is pure fantasy.  The people in Jonas's (the main character) community have never felt pain or sorrow.  That's where the Giver comes in, he holds all those memories.  At the Ceromony Of Twelve the twelve year olds get assigned a job.  Jonas's job was to be the Giver..."
"I am in the seventh grade and have read this book three times. Each time it was a little better. Our teacher read it to us and everyone in the room groaned aloud. After we were done, they all thought that it was a really good book. I would recomend this book to anyone who enjoy's a good book now and then."
the giver is impossible to put down. anyone who says it is any less than 5 stars is crazy. the cliff hanger ending is explained when you read the whole series but the seris is captivating. yu can read them in any order but read them all at once( ie read 1-4 and finish them before you read something else)
"The Giver is such a great book! This is a story that takes place sometime in the future (unspecified when exactly). At this time the community where the story is taking place has chosen ""sameness"". The book was so interesting i didn't want to put it down. I highly recommend this book to everyone!"
"I went into this not too sure if I would like it, however, it was great. It was a very quick read and I am excited to start the next book in the series. It took me a little while at first to understand the terminology of things like the elevens and twelves, but once I got that down it was smooth sailing."
"In the beginning it was very interesting. I however didn't like the ending and was a bit confused where or why it started like it did in the beginning. I would guess for some fantasy type stuff like this is of, however; for certain children it could make it very traumatic as to why the killings happened."
"I picked the story The Giver  because it was challenging to me.Itwould talk about how they were controlled in ways that were notfair. Yet, I still liked the book because it developed mood,chacter, and setting .I also  picked  The Giver because of the tittle .It even gave me a sense it was good .I reconmed that youread it!"
This is one of my favorite books of all time! I think it is so interesting how they describe the feelings and the way they all live. It is a very descripitve book. This book is not for everybody though. Sometimes it can  be confusing and hard to understand. I think it is a very good book but you  have to be an advanced reader to enjoy it.
"Readers who like to think about what they read and  not just read it will love this book.  It is about Jonus, a 12 year old boy living in a perfect world.  There is no hunger, color, sadness, anger, nothing like that.  Jonus is wondering what his profession will be, and is shocked with the  result.  You will, too, if you read this book!!"
"I had to read ""The Giver""  for high school English, and I was surprised at how something like this actually made it into high school reading lists. It was actually intresting at first, but then tapered off to  where I thought I was reading of life in my high school, not the fictional  community. Think about it after you read it."
This is a book which I use in my high school and middle school reading classes. It is easy to read and it deals with the leaders of a futuristic society that try to make a better society for their people through the loss of freedoms and increased controls. Jonas finds that this order of control does not work for him and he tries to leave.
"I could imagine the actor that is now playing the giver throughout the read. A very good choice. The child of twelve also easy to imagine but I seemed to experience him more.  The society seemed very off, but if they had made those choices life would be easier in general but somehow less human. This book is more an experience, than read."
"I know this book is a children,s winner of the Newberry medal, but it immediately held my interest as an adult.  The immediate transition into an extraordinary way of life different than I had ever known captivated my interest and held it every minute I read. I strongly recommend this interesting tale of a boy that dared to take a risk."
I can't believe I've never read this before but by the time I was in public schools I guess I was above the age that you read this book. there's just everything to love about it and I'm so very happy I took the time to read it before I went to see the movie. a wonderful and simple dystopian story with a very resonating message and tone.
"I read this because it was recommended for those who enjoy books like the Hunger Games and Divergent. Also, because I saw that the movie was coming out.  I enjoyed this book and it did leave me wanting to read the sequel (which is always a good sign). However, I didn't enjoy it as much as Hunger Games, Divergent, or the Dust Chronicles."
"My daughter read this story in middle school and I have wanted to read it ever since, being a huge fan of futuristic, dystopian stories. I loved the subtle hints of what was going on. I found the ending frustrating....UNTIL I discovered the rest of the quartet! I highly recommend this book, as well as Gathering Blue, Messenger, and Son."
"Ironic title to give this book.  If you read the story you would see why.  I really liked the premise of the book and how a society could become our worst enemy.  ""The Giver"" is a story to share with children everywhere so they appreciate all that they have in life and their freedoms."
I think that the book was one of the best books I have ever read. I don't read that much. The Giver gives a great description of the world that Jonas lives in. I loved the ending. It was surprising and it think about what happened next. I recommend that everyone who loves books read this one.
I think that the book was one of the best books I have ever read. I don't read that much. The Giver gives a great description of the world that Jonas lives in. I loved the ending. It was surprising and it think about what happened next. I recommend that everyone who loves books read this one.
I think that you will like THE GIVER. It about a kid name Jonas he live in a would were there is no violence and Jonas see things that know one can see on lee THE GIVER can see the thing he see. When you turn 12 years old you get jobs. I think that THE GIVER is one of the best books there is.
This book captures the minds of the reader and sets it off into the unknown. The mind body and soul of the reader switches off into the world jonas is living.  you never want to put te book down .  You feel as if you  are in the book  watching the whole story take place..  I luv it!! -camie
I thought the book was good but it got very confusing. Imagining a whole different world is hard to do. If you like reading books in the future I'm sure you would like this book. The author did a good job writing this book  but didn't paint a picture in my head so the book was hard to follow.
I liked the first 3/4 of the book.  The ending seemed a bit bizarre and rushed - the book just ended abruptly without the story coming to a conclusion.  I don't particularly like being forced to buy the sequel just to find out what happened and why.  I won't be buying any of the other books.
"I enjoyed this book.  It took me away from all the banal stories that are so popular now, and I wanted to introduce my son to something different.I would highly recommend this to every tween, only I suggest the parent read it first to be sure it's acceptable for their individual child."
"How have I not read The Giver before now? It is a great book for children and adults alike. If you enjoy a read that paints another world so clearly that you feel like you are there, and gets you comparing it to the world you live in, then this book is for you. It is quite thought-provoking."
The Giver is an excelent book. It is almost an inpiration book to remind you of all the choices you have in your life.You are basicly in your own little world.I give 5 stars to Lois for haveing beyond an imagination.I would read this book again and again. This is a MUST READ book.trust me!!
The book the Giver by Lois Lowry is about a community of people that live in a perfect world where everyone has what they need. They have don't have to find there own jobs or have their own kids it all done by someone else. This book is good for people of all ages and really makes you think.
"A fantastic story for all ages. A quick afternoon read that makes you re-think what ""normal"" society should be and cautionary against prejudices for those who don't fit the norm. Only four stars from me because I really didn't care for the ending. My prejudicial mindset wanted more!"
"Though I read this book late in life, I do consider the commentary about control, choice, euthanasia, and diversity earnestly timeless and thought-provoking.  It is a short book told in third person with a fluid writing style that should appeal to many different levels of reading audiences."
"My 13-year old granddaughter recommended I read this. I really enjoyed it SO I bought the other 3 books in the series. It was a really quick read and held my attention throughout. It's a nice replacement for all the girl meets boy, falls in love and lives happily ever after books out there!"
Im a big reader and i was suggested this book in 5th grade by my library teacher. I was fasinated by it and it soon became my favorite book. there is some parts that confuse me like how there can be no color but otherwise i love the book. I recommend it to any big readers or kids 11 and up.
"I loved this book!!!! I read it last year when I was twelve, and it automaticly became one of my favorite books. It's great! I recomend it to anyone because it's sooo interesting. At the begining, it was really weird.  At the end it was still weird, but it's a really cool book, like I said."
"That was beautiful. Oh gosh, the last few minutes I was like ""There's not enough time to wrap things up!"" And yet, this is the type of book that doesn't need to be a series. There's questions left unanswered, but I don't need them to be answered, ya know? That's part of the beauty."
"It's not very complicated and the underlying message is very clear. narrative is very compelling although characters tend to be flat. It might proof to simplistic for older teens and certainly for adults, but for younger readers it could be a very good book - inciting independent thinking."
"Chose to read this series because the first book ""The Giver"" is going to be a motion picture starring Meryl Streep.  If this first book doesn't end a way that makes you comfortable, read on.  The end of the story is in Book 4, The Son.  Many events and characters happen on the way."
I love this book so so so much! I love the customs that they go through and how everything they do is controled.  I really wished that the second book (Gathering Blue) was directly related to this one. The third book is suppost to tie the two books together so I hope it's really good!!! :D
"As Jonas waits to be called tension inside of him builds up.  He is at the ceremony of twelve which is when he will receive his life long job.  Jonas is the last child called and doesn't know what his future holds.  In disbelief Jonas has been selected to be the new Receiver.  Which is the honorable chosen one in the comunity that gets to hold all the memories of the past.  The Giver (who was the old receiver) had been training Jonas for many months.  But one day Jonas was telling The Giver about his father and how he (his father) had to releace (kill) one of the new twin babies.  The Giver insisted that Jonas watches the tape of his fathers work.  Of course Jonas doesn't know that releace means to kill.  His father has lied to him.  Jonas now realizes that the little boy Gabriel who his family unit has been taking care of might be killed.  You're probably telling youself nothing can get worse but, you're wrong.  As Jonas receives more memories, he begins to see more objects in color and no more ""sameness"".  He then tells the Giver how great it is and he wishes that the whole comuntiy could see this way.  The Giver tells him the only way the comunity can see in color is if the new Receiver (Jonas)leaves the comunity forever.  This may sound easy but the outcomes of this are devastating.  If Jonas were to leave the comunity he would never see his family or friends again.  The comunity would not only receive good memories though.  They would also receive memories like war and other painfull times.  The Giver and Jonas agree that it is worth it.  Jonas starts planing his escape when he finds out that Gabriel is going to be killed.  Will Jonas ever escape so the comunity can be colorful?  And will Gabriel even live? Find out by reading The Giver!  I thought this book was O.K.  It was slow in the begining but as I got to the last fifteen pages I couldn't put it down.  If you enjoy serious books and love happy endings this book is for you.  I gave this book a three out of five stars. What about you?"
"The Giver is one of the best books I have ever read. The Giver is about a boy named Jonas, and his family. It is about how he is going to become the nexted Receiver of Memory the person that helps him become this is the Giver. This is the most honored position in the community. Through his ""training"" he starts to experience colors, history (memories from the past), animals, various feelings etc ;through this he is experience pain, hurt, and awful memories from the past that the Giver is giving him. And then some things happened...but i am not going to tell you. In the Giver, the community is not like the one today. In the Giver, the community cannot choose what kind of job they want, the master chooses. When a child is born the mom does not have it, a women does it for them. Then the Master gets to choose the name. So I guess you can say they are as one. They are not different from one another, meaning they all have the same house, most of them have to same personality.  I can see why this book can be banned, but I do not think that this book should be banned. This is because the Giver shows a likely lesson. When you want to act like someone because they are popular, think for one second do you really want to be? The book shows that when you act as one you are not experiencing ""your life"". Do you want someone control you, tell you what memories you can have, tell you what you can do? When you are in a ""group"" and they tell you what you can wear that day, have a list for who  can sit at their table, tell you what your  nickname is, do you really want to be in their group? I think that every kid should read this book, and next time a person say to me this is your nickname, I will go back to the Giver, and say no thanks I can make up my own."
"The Giver"", a book review by Johannes and Vitali, two German pupils in the 10th gradeAfter we read the book in the English class at our school we'd like to give you a book review with our opinion about this book and we hope that this might help you.Jonas lives in a community where you are always observed and where you have to do everything you are told. At first he is happy in his community. He has friends and has a usual life as a citizen in his family unit. He lives together with his sister lily his father and his mother. In the community there are different ceremonies for every age.After the Ceremony of twelve Jonas is declared to be the new Receiver of Memory and starts his training with getting memories of many eras before he lived. He gets memories of war, elephant hunts, snow and riding a sled, sunshine and such things. But very important is that he learns to see colours. That's important because no one of the citizens can see colours. In this world they achieved ""sameness"". They got neither weather nor any differences between them. When Jonas begins to discover the dark side of the community he is in fear of it. He begins to see, that nothing is as perfect as it seems.He discovers that in this community many people are murdered every day when they break a rule or when they got to old. When the foster child Gabriel of his family unit shall be killed he decides to escape with him to ""Elsewhere"", a different and better world.The opinion of Johannes:At first I found this book boring but when we read further parts of the book it got more and more interesting then I began to read this book with more interest and I began to read it very fast. In the end I found that book interesting and informative but I think that it is not really good written.The opinion of Vitali:I found it interesting to read about a book which deals with a different community and with other rules then we have. But I can't imagine that no one apart from the Receiver can see colours or hear music. First I found the book a little bit confusing, but then it was clearer. The book is well written but for a German pupil it is a little bit difficult to understand all the vocabulary. Also I think that the ending is felicitous, because it makes you think further, what could happen."
"It's evident some of the reviewers are not old enough, or did not bother thinking about the plot before writing their reviews. The glaring obvious are those which, in their infinite wisdom, state that the perfect world depicted in this book is far from perfect. If you had thought about the plot, you'd realize this is the central problem of this story.The story revolves around the conflict between the main character, Jonas, and his knowledge about the truth. In his community, there is no pain, war, or hate - all which we experience in our daily life. On the other hand, the population is incapable of understanding joy, love, or even colors. They are in a state of Sameness, as it is known in their society.Jonas is chosen by the elders (without his opinion) to become the next Receiver. The Receiver holds all knowledge hidden from the rest of the community. They are all the memories and feelings from the past. Only the Receiver holds all the joys and sufferings, in order to maintain Sameness.When Jonas is selected, the current Receiver is called The Giver. He starts to give Jonas many memories - snow, war, sunshine, pain, color. Soon enough, Jonas realizes how society lacks uniqueness. Thus, he attempts to change things.The quality Lois Lowry puts in her books is excellent, but I have two problems with this particular story. (No, it's not about how the perfect world sucked.) First, it seems to be short. A year passes in just a short chapter - it would have been nice to read more about Jonas's training from The Giver. Second, the ending was not as good as the rest of the story. It is cryptic, and gives very little information as to what happened to Jonas.The Giver is much, much better than the way some people make it out to be. I would recommend it to those entering high-school and above."
"The Giver is an excellent book.  This book is filled with happiness, sadness, joyful tmes, and hard times.  Jona is the main character in the book.  He is a young boy turning into a twelve and recieves a special assignment of the Keeper of Memories.  He starts his training and soon his  teacher dies.  Now, he is the official Keeper of the Memories.  Jona  has his parents, a sister, and a new baby brother.  The only thing in the  book is his new baby brother isn't developing right.  So they have to give  him one year to see if he will develop.  If not, he will be sent back and  they will receive a new baby.  This is a sad part of the book.  When I read  that I thought about how people do that.  These people live in a world  where there is not any pain, fear, or war.  the people  work together and  never fight.  They watch over each other.  The book is very  interesting.  The way the people live is amazing.  The kids are called by  things likes eight's, or twelve's.  This is like there age.  They can do  certain things once they turn a certain age.  Like Jona's sister Lily  turned into an eight and you can start to volunteer at places.  Lily would  like to volunteer at the nursery in the book.  Her mom says only volunteer  work.  You aren't respected as much if that is your assignment once your  get older.  For Jona since he is turning into a tweleve they receive an  assignment to do for the rest of his life.  The world the people live  in here is different, neat, and also so caring.  There world is very  different from ours.  The world is peaceful.  The people work on the  assignments they are given; and they also watch and loe their families very  much.  the Giver is an excellent book to read, and it is a good  recommendation."
"The Giver is a book about everything being perfect and everything being the same. Everything and everybody is black and white, the temperature  outside is always the same, and it never rains, snows, and there are no  violent storms. No one ever told a lie or did something wrong. If they did  do something wrong, they had to say ""I apologize for my inconvenience"" and  the people who were present had to say, ""I accept your apology."" It was  just perfect.  Jonas, one of the main characters, is an 11. There are  12 age groups, with 40-50 people in each group. They each had numbers.  Jonas' number is 19. Jonas has a younger sister named Lily, she a 7. Each  family in their community has a father, a mother, a boy, and a girl. That  is as big as their family was aloud to get. Jonas' father worked as a  worker at the Child Care Center, where there were birth mothers and newborn  babies. Then, on the ceremony day, they are given to a family on the  waiting list. Jonas' dad was very worried about a little boy who could not  sleep at night. He was worried because if he could not sleep quietly before  the ceremony he would be released from the community. Being released was a  horrible thing.  One day, after school, in his free time Jonas went to  the park with his friends. They picked an apple off of the apple tree and  started tossing it to each other. Every time Jonas threw it, it seemed to  have changed in mid-air. He did not know what he was seeing.  Finally,  the time had come for Jonas to move from an eleven to a twelve. When you  became a twelve, you were given a job and you were to start your training.  Jonas' number was 19. He was getting very anxious when the Chief Elder had  announced number eighteen, Fiona. He was next. Jonas was finally going to  find out what he was going to do the rest of his life. The Chief Elder was  ready to make the next announcement. She said, ""Twenty, Pierre."" Jonas was  terrified, he had been skipped. He thought it may have been a mistake, but  it wasn't. After all of the jobs had been given away, the Chief Elder  called Jonas to the stage. She said, ""Jonas has been selected to be the new  Receiver of Memory.""  Jonas started reading his job booklet right  away, he read through the rules and he was quite surprised by the last one.  It said `You are allowed to lie.' Jonas did not know what to think, he had  never lied before in his life. He started his job training right away the  next day. The old Receiver of Memory put his hands on Jonas'back and he  gave him all of the knowledge of life he did not have. He was happy with  the good things, but he was terrified with the memories of killing and  wars. But, worst of all, he found out what release was. To be released, you  were taken to the Child Care Center, young or old, and you were given a  shot. Immediately after that you fell limp onto the ground and died. Jonas  was very upset with this. He had came up with a plan to run away.  Late that night he sneaked out on his bike and biked far, far away. He had  biked into a place where there was snow and rain. He had to hide from  search helicopters during the day and bike at night. Jonas had not eaten in  days and he was never going back to his community. He had heard a sound  coming from down a hill, he did not know what it was, maybe, he thought, it  was a memory the old Receiver of Knowledge did not give him. What was the  sound down the hill? Will Jonas survive the snow storm? Find out for  yourself by reading The Giver."
"This is one of my favorite books ever. I was so excited to share it with my daughter who loved it as well. She is 9, though advanced in reading and comprehension. We had a lot of great discussions based on the themes and topics in this book. I would recommend The Giver to anyone who can read."
"I know many people love this book, and I would have too, however, the ending was a deal breaker for me. It left too much to the readers imagination. I understand that the author wanted to leave room for us to come to our own conclusion, but I prefer to have a proper ending. It was a let down."
"Its Well written, it's a whole new concept for everybody, it makes you wonder about the things we give for granted and appreciate them a little more. I haven't read the other three books but I still have a lot of questions about the book, I hope the other books help me with the answers to it."
This is a must read for anyone who questions or wonders if totally equal is a better way.  The Gift of The Giver is the characters and artfully illustrated pictures of the uniqueness of life and the need to treasure the differences before they are gone. The value and beauty is in the journey.
"Jonas lives in a perfect community, no disease, no worries, no pain,and no war. I liked this book because it's full of mystery and excitement. Jonas is an ordinary boy in his ordinary household. Miraculously he is singled out, selected, to be the new reciever. Why him? Read and find out!"
i ordered this as a hard copy as advertised...this was a gift and was very disappointed when it arrived as a paper back...also the cover is not as seen in the ad...  will be very very cautous when ordering from amazon again
"I gave this book 5 stars because it was an amazing tale on how one brave young man, with the help of an older wise man, found his way to colors and feelings and freedom. He found his way to the Elsewhere he so badly longed to find and I loved the way you got to decide what happens then."
"Lois Lowry does not disappoint in this amazing novel. the plot of the book is great, its set in the future where nobody really has any choices, their jobs are decided for them, who they have a family with is predetermined as well. i would reccommend that you buy this book no matter whag"
This is a book about a 12 year old boy named Jonas. When he turns 12 he is selected to be the Receiver of Memories. This book takes place way in the future where rules are so advanced that if you break three big ones you are released from the comunity. I recommend this book to all ages.
"This book is thought-provoking for young people.  I'd describe it as ""1984"" or ""Brave New World"" for young people, only this book ends with a bit of hope for the reader.  It's a Newbery-Award winner for a reason.  I recommend it for anyone but expecially adolescents."
I teach at the middle school level and use The Giver in my reading program. The students are consumed by the book and beg me to continue reading. It sparks some pretty intense conversations about our own society  and why this society might have been created. This is one of my favorites!
"I read this book as a youth and now as an adult. I, for obvious reasons have different thoughts as I have read it.  The story is ""different' and well written.  My kids, 12 and 15 read it as well and they both struggled to get into it in the beginning but really liked it in the end."
Great story about a strange community that tries to avoid conflict or strife by controlling every aspect of it's citizens' lives. Very relevant to today's society where freedoms are slowly being taken away in the name of governmental control. Pretty frightening when you think about it!
"This is the best book I have read in a long time. I was pleasantly surprised with the lyrical writing and thought provoking topics covered in this young adult fiction book. This would be a wonderful book to use for stimulating a discussion of modern-day values, a must read for youth!!!"
"The Giver is a young adult book by Lois Lowry about an utopian world where everybody are happy, everybody live in peace an harmony, life is good. At least that's what people are thaught to believe.12 years old Jonas is a common boy in this society, at least he thinks so himself, But when he comes to the annual ceremony and all his companions are choosen to their common jobs he gets something very special. His task is to become the next ""Giver"" in this perfect society.Through his meeting with the old Giver Jonas discovers that his world is breaking up into peaces. His life gets a new dimension, or actually several dimension, and he is given the choice to save his world.All young adults should read this book, to learn that their life is important and that what they do, the way they live can make a change. To the better or to the worse. But as individual human beings we all have the possibility, and the human right to choose our path. And the way we live is not only ours. We live in a world together with the rest of the creation, and the way we live make us responsible for the rest of the world.I gave the book a four, due to the ending. The ending was short and also kind of weak in my oppinion. But all in all the book was very good, and a must to read for all of us.Britt Arnhild Lindland in Norway"
"I'm not sure I have the words to truly describe how I felt rereading The Giver! It's original and thought provoking. Considering it was released in 1993, I believe the values and ideas it brings forth are still relevant today. I think it's a read for all ages and a true literary treasure!"
This book deserved its Newberry Award.  It is wonderfully clear in its description of a dystopian community and the breakdown of individuality and familial structure.  The central character takes us with him on a year long quest to fulfill his awful destiny.  I highly recommend this book.
"This book is great.  I liked all of the feelings and the suspense at some parts.  I finished reading it in two days.  The only reason I didn't give five stars is that only my absolute favorite books get five stars.  However, I recommend this book to everyone.  This was.a fun book to read."
"This is a good book, great story teller.  It ended in what appeared to be a set up for a sequel, or for several sequels, but rather than end it in mid tension as some writers do, she resolved the first story's tension, leaving room for more story.  Some day I will go look for the sequels."
"For a young adult title, this book was quite intriguing. It is a dystopian novel in which a child is chosen to be the person that will carry on all the knowledge that society keeps from the general public. He starts questioning society and has to decide what he should do. Very quick read."
"An engaging and easy read picturing what life in a highly controlled environment could look and feel like.  Features a truly different and someone unexpected ending that places high value on an individual's life, even if that life is outside of the boundaries allowed by those in control."
"In this wonderful read ""The Giver"". I was taken on a ponderous journey.A world of sameness,and one of colorful differences, of pain,loss,and love. The author Lois Lowry, has opened Pandora's box in a new light, be it heaven,or parallel universe's the author has left it for you to decide."
"This book was so well written that I couldn't put it down.  I think that it would be a great book for students to read in high school and debate in class.  I started reading this because I heard it was going to be made into a movie, and I enjoy reading books before they come out on film."
"The book is written in an easy language but we are sure that the content is not easy to understand for children. The ending is a bit unsatisfactory, but all in all it is fun to read the story because living in such a community is very hard to imagine. So you have to use your imagination."
"I thought The Giver was the best book I've read so far.  It's really interesting because everything and everyone do not have color.  The author, Lois Lowry, writes very well in explaining things.  I really enjoyed it!!  So try to read The Giver it is a really really good fantasy book."
"An excellent, moving bok about freedom and choice and the extent to which a society should allow its members the freedom to err.  One can't help recognize that at times each , of us may wish to live in a world marked by Sameness, without pain, grief, etc., but alas, also without love."
I never could get interested. A way of life was created and all the characters had to live their lives with that line of thinking. I speed read the last three-fourths and would look for any interesting part on each page and nothing appeared. I must not be into much make believe. Sorry
It kept my attention. It was also an easy read. I don't like how it ended because you don't know what happened back at the community or if the main character and the baby actually made it. He could have just been seeing things from hypothermia. Who knows? It was worth reading through.
"The book is very difficult to put down, takes several twists and turns. It was recommended to my daughter (11) and me (41) by her middle school teacher. We were both very moved by it as the story is cery touching and forces us to examine some very basic yet crucial traits of humanity."
"In my son's 8th grade English class, they read this book together.  He could not stop talking about this book.  He used it in references often - so I had to read it!  It is interesting... especially the ending.  Gave it 3 stars on an adult level...  my son gives it a 5 star for teens!"
"This book has ALWAYS been one of my favorites.The ideas behind the plot were so drastically different from every day life, that it makes you not want to stop reading. Jonah's trails of learning all the Giver's secrets keeps you enthralled. By Far the best story of my generation!"
I would recemend this book because it explains alot about the culture and different events and activitys.Its is a wonderful and meaningful book that people should read because it explains alot about different things like secrets an memorys and that lying isnt the answer to everything.
"This is a book from another sides point of view.  Does everybody have the same views on living in a Utopian society?  This book keeps you on the edge of your seat and is quick-paced, From the loveable Jonas' point of view.  I  loved this book!  If yo u like it try The White Mountains!"
"I first read this book in middle school and just recently read it again. Now in my thirties, it spoke to me even more. This is a really good book about the power of individuality vs. the good of the group. I really enjoyed how the themes left me thinking about how I live my own life."
"It's an excellent book and whole series. I realize that some young people won't like it for the simple reason they need to read it at school, but I wish that they could see past that and appreciate beauty of language and depth of the story.Very good read for young as well as older people."
"I loved it. Don't forget, it is a YA book and not an Adult book. I still recommend this book to adults and teens. It really makes you think. I think it got some people confused, especailly the negative reviews, is that there are other books in this series. The next one is called Gathering Blue."
"There is so much more in this book than the story.  Thought provoking imagery and mind bending situations.  Read this with my children, they loved it.  Caused a flood for the Author with us as we then ordered most of the other items she has written.  Great story with a what are we doing mindset"
This book is a fantastic read!I myself read it in 4th grade and I simply could not put the book down.I finished it in a few hours.I was losing my liking for reading until this book came along.I feel sorry for any person that has not read this book.They truly are missing something truly amazing.
"This book is all around a great book. There is adventure, mystery and very much suspense throughout this book. It makes you read beyond the lines. It is definitely one of the best books that I have ever read and one of my favorites. There is no question about it, you should and need to read it!"
"Hello, my name is Alex Brunk.  I'm in the seventh grade at Cadillac Middle School.  I have read your book, The Giver.  I thought it was interesting and unique.  I don't think it needs a sequel.  The reader having to make up an ending is another reason why I like it.  Thank you for your time"
"This thought provoking book is simple to read and leaves a lasting impression.  In our search for safety we lose our most precious possession, our humanity.  Dare to feel and to experience the colors of conflict and chaos, strive for differences and accept them.  This book speaks to all of us."
"When you start this book, you will feel anticipation for the main characters, and how to story will roll. When you finish the book, you will have experienced something amazing, with the touch of thrill, and great plots. Read this book, an  you will have read a great book, that is just amazing."
"As far as the delivery and quality of this item, everything was great. The story itself - F.A.N.T.A.S.T.I.C.!!!!! Chapter 19 is a darker chapter that is a bit chilling, but such a thought provoking story that really makes a person appreciative for many of the things we so often complain about."
This was the best book i have ever read!  If you dont like to read then just try to read this book and you will love to read forever!  Though there is one really really disturbing part it is an all around awesome book!  more detail on things could be added but its fine the way it is~!~!~!~!~
One of my favorite stories as a child. I read it in school and couldn't put it down! I was always reading ahead of everyone because I just couldn't stop reading it! Its a very eye opening read about a perfect society and what goes on there. I highly recommend this book to all ages.
It was weird in the begeining of the book but it got better toward the end its probably the best book ive read at the end is thrilling and they leave you thinking it kinda made me mad but i still like it.Its for more around young adult and kids probably 10 n older.  it really good.
"The Givers plot and characters pull you into the book, you find yourself unable to let go. The lives of the characters are so real you'll find yourself realting to them and thinking of what you would do in their  situation. In my opinion I believe this is the best book ever written"
"I liked the type of place the book took place in,I liked when Jonas started getting memories,I liked when Jonas ran away with the baby, I liked the charactor of the Giver and Jonas.I did'nt like when Jonas stole the  baby or when Jonas and the Giver were in painor the sled memorie."
One of my favorite books of all time. I'll tell that I am not an avid reader but this is one I read in middle school and actually read past the chapters instead of staying with the class because I was so interested. It's a very scary community with mystery that is very surprising.
"I don't remember reading this book when I was in school.  But I am glad I have gotten the chance to read it now.  There was an inspirational message to this book.  Being a pastor, I found many themes that I could preach about throughout this book.  Now I'm ready to see this movie."
"My summer Bible study group read and discussed this book.  It seems somewhat light-weight on first reading, but we dug deep and got a lot out of it.especially on ""perspective"".  It is light reading and a FAST read, but I enjoyed it. Not great literature, but a nice story."
"This is a very strange book: a strong mix of 1984, the Matrix and story of Jesus. The selected person, who shall save the world from its going-down. Of course the world is sad and grey.I am not sure, why I read it till the end, however, I am not going to read the next books."
"Good read. I finished it in 2 days. I can see from the previews for the movie, Hollywood decided to give the transcript it's twist on how the book should have been written though, so don't read this book just because of what you've seen on the preview. Would recommend to a friend."
"Gage, our son who's 13 loves the way it captures his attention! He can't wait to finish The Giver and start on the next in the series. I've read it and loved the way Lois Lowry kept my imagination on what was going to happen next. It's a great read, I would recommend it to anyone."
I had not read this book but when the movie came out I ordered it from Amazon and enjoyed it as much as the movie.  I like books that suggest a different lifestyle and how you look into the lives of those who live this lifestyle.  Stresses your mind a bit and can be a good read.
"I did thoroughly enjoy reading The Giver.  In an age where every story line has been made and remade, especially in regards to dystopian futures, this story is very measured in revealing how much of an impact certain small changes, made over time, can greatly impact our society."
I wanted to read this book since it is recommended for middle school and up.  I work with middle school students and wanted to be familiar with it.  It is a powerful story that allows deep thinking and pondering of what would I do in that situation.  I would recommend this book.
"Strong beginning. A lot of thought went into the world creation. A few dark points surprising in a children's book. Its society mocks families by replacing it with a pale imitation. Interesting. The ending feels rushed. The final ending is open ended, but that doesn't bother me."
"This is not a bad introduction to dystopian literature.  It's certainly more suited to younger readers.  There are plenty of themes in the book that are never fully developed.  The concepts are interesting and thought provoking, but the resolutions in the story are unsatisfying."
This book was very good.  It is about a 12 year old boy named Jonas who becomes the Receiver of Memory.  He learns about everything that was and now is not.  He lives in a city with no color or pain.  The next year he runs away to try to find a city with color and snow and rain.
"My class and I are reading the Giver,we  have a comic in our class named Harrison Casling, he makes fun  of some parts in the book but makes us laugh anyway. I do not think it is down to earth though. It is weird but I  have not gotten boared of it yet Thank you Much For Reading"
"the giver is a graet book! the first time i read it was when i was in 6th grade at age 12, its a really deep book and sence ther i have read it 3 more times each time understanding more and more. i really would recomend  reading it more then once, but wait untill ur at least 14."
"Dystopia novel for young adults.  I enjoyed this book, and I have not seen the movie.  I have to say that I am old enough to be a grandma and I have always enjoyed Lois Lowry's writing.  I am continuing to read the series.  It is more interesting the further I go in the series."
The Giver finds a perfect balance between stylistic simplicity and the complexity of its subject matter.  The Giver is an incredibly enjoyable and thought provoking adventure about the human spirit narrated through the eyes of a 12-year old kid growing up in a dystopian future.
"Not your typical Hunger-gamesish dystopian drama that's so widespread today. Much more thought-provoking. Makes you think ""what is going on in our government that we are just so used to we don't see the danger of it."" Can't say it changed my life but it's a decent read."
"Read it only because the movie was coming out. Not impressed. The themes it brings up are interesting to explore, but there isn't enough structure for my liking. I won't ruin the ending, but needless to say, I won't be watching it in theaters. Maybe if it's on Netflix....maybe."
"I read this book in middle school. It's a wonderful book and I suggest reading it before watching the movie. I've seen the previews for the up coming film and I am quite disappointed. Does not do this book justice... but then again, has any movie ever been better than the book?"
I first read this book many years ago in school and have read it multiple times since. It is an easy read and very enjoyable. My only wish is that it was longer and that it had more detail. I would definitely recommend it though and I am sure I will read it again in the future.
I think The Giver by Louis Lowry was a great book. If your an imagintve person this is the book for you. This book makes you curious. This book leaves you off your seat. It's a book that makes you think. It's a comuunity that you would never imagine. I guarentee you'll love it.
I very much enjoyed rereading.the giver  I hope it is still read and discussed in schools  I really wanted to re-read. before the movie is out so I would have greater insight as to what the book was telling us so a more in depth discussion could take place w friends and family
"I read this book in fourth grade.  I have thought about it many times since then.  I just re-read it again at age 30, and it has the same impact on me (maybe deeper, as I have a more mature mind) and I believe this will continue to be a book in my home for the rest of my life."
"I had to read this book for my English assignment and I liked almost everything about this book, I just was a bit confused on the ending. It's a great book by  in my opinion the conclusion is very important an  that's the only part I did t like, otherwise it's an amazing book!"
I loved this book. This was one of my favorite books. I love to read and reading that book makes me want to read more. I buy at least one book each year and i will buy the Giver this year.Next time I look for a book to check in i will look for one by Lois Lowry.
"The Giver by Lois Lowery was one of the best books I've ever read. It's a little bit different then from some other books you might have read, but the way Lois describes and makes you feel like your actually there is wonderful. If you're ever looking for a book, get The Giver."
"A captivating short novel.many interesting ideas. creates a complete new world in a rather short book.reminded me of ""1984""I really wish there was a series of sequel books to The Giver (the Quartet books are not a sequel to The Giver)Highly recommended"
"This book was wonderful. It realy made me think.  It's a god book to disscuss with a friend.  I did, and it turns out, we all interpreted parts differently.  Thats one of the great things about The Giver. It gives you  the freedome to think and enjoy.  One of the author's best books."
"This was a great read-aloud story for me and my young children (ages 7-11).  Even better, there are 3 more stories to go and the kids were all able to take Accelerated Reader tests on the book at school.  We loved the opportunities to discuss the moral issues presented in this tale."
everything is wonderful about this book......the storythe authorand the film was ok  ....but like most NOT as good as bookshe is wonderful.....how have I lived this long and missed reading this book....praise and praise for Lois Lowry!
I liked the book but I just didn't like the ending. I felt like there should have been more. We were all expecting them to find another place to live . I thought that if they did Gane would have been Jonas's son and could have been the next receiver. But the ending was just horrible
I often find interesting books from interacting with my grandchildren as I did this one.  To be taken back to a time in our lives when things should have been simple but weren't makes me feel young again.  Good work Lois from a fellow temporary resident of American Village in Japan.
"I enjoyed this book as it was well written with a unique story line.  If you like to decide the ending for yourself then you'll love this book.  I, however, do like some finality from the author which is why I didn't rate it 5 stars.  Good none the less and I routed for protagonist."
"It's a really good book about a boy named Jonas, who is chosen to have the most difficult job in the community: Receiver of Memories. Jonas realizes how much the community has lost. I recommend this book to kids my age and older. It really makes you think and the end is suspenseful."
"This book is very powerful and teaches you a lot of life lessons.  I read it in school and I could hardly put it down!  It talks about what some people would call a ""perfect world"".  As the story goes on though, I realized a world with no difference is not perfect at all."
I did not choose to ever read this book while I was in grade school but I think reading as an adult may have helped me to appreciate and learn from it more.  The community would be very difficult to live in and I think being a birth mother would be very difficult if given that job.
"This book had me hooked from the very beginning. It really makes you aware of the importance in our differences and in our freedom to make our own life choices, even when we make the wrong choices. It also causes the reader to remember the value of all life, young and old."
"The Giver is one of the best books that I have ever read! It is as much for adults...As it is for kids! I've read and reread this book many times. I've also used it in adult book clubs and the response has been overwhelmingly positive, I highly recommend this book!!!"
"A must read for all agesI don't remember having read it in high school. It describes a community where everybody is the SAME. No jealousy no crime and everyone has total equality. Although is sounds ""perfect"" the world is without feeling and there is no self."
It was interesting because it generates questions. I enjoyed exploring the idea of a society of sameness. This is a fairly short story so many of its societal rules and the following if them just has to be accepted on the part of the audience. But it was an enjoyable read.
THIS book should be a must read for everyone out there. It requires you to think of your safe shell you live in and requires you to step out of the boundaries to make your own choices. I could not put this book down! Surprising twists and turns along every step of the way.
"I don't usually just get sucked into reading books... I usually just read chapter one and put the book down. This book has depth, and I really enjoyed its interesting features throughout the entire novel. I think the age level should be at about 12+ because of its content."
"This book was extremely well written.  It has a very intersting plot.  They plot was a cross between The Truman Show, and Pleasentville if you saw those movies.  The ending was really weird, it really made no sense but it  left you thinking about it.  Which I like in book."
"this book was not the greatest, but it did have it's moments. at the end it really surprises you because it has kind of a sudden ending. It is also surprising because it makes you expect one thing and the book is based on another thing. But overall it is a pretty good book"
"The reader experience of this book, for me, was like reading some dry report.  I can't believe this book received SO MANY rave reviews - (I) would NOT recommend this book to others.  Unless the reviews are from parents recommending it for young readers, but even then . . .Personally, I found this book fairly boring and poorly written.The basic idea was just too simplistic, the writing too dry.  There are basically no colors, no differences - cookie cutter people who simply follow a very regimented life and largely have no real ""feelings"" or bonds.  One young boy is given ""memories"" of things from the past (sunlight, colors, snow, love - etc) and determines this fake lifestyle they all live is wrong and he must get away.  But even the experience of his having to escape is really poorly written.  Honestly, if a parent wanted to relay some message from this book to their child - they have a better shot at simply doing it themselves.  (When I thought for a moment or so as to if my young nieces/nephews would enjoy this, I feel pretty confident even they would find it dull.)As to the reviewer who says you had to ""read the speech at the end of the book"" - I can only respond with ""what speech?"" - there was no speech.I understand this story was made into a movie that will soon be coming out... that's largely why I wanted to read this book... but having read the book, I don't think I'l be interested in the movie - even if the trailer looks good.  (Though I would wager the movie would HAVE to be better than the book.)"
"Every time I read this, I realize something new. I love that people read this often in middle school, but I wish that they'd have them read it in high school. The critical thinking and application to one's own life is something that every young adult should be exposed to."
I think this book was very interesting. I like it because it was very exciting and dramatic.I definitely reccomend this book to older kids and adults. It shows a lot of drama and the way it expresses it is brilliant. I really think you should go and read this book right nowi
"It is good because it makes you think, it's not just there for pure intertainment. I also like the depth of the book and the details. It also lets you think on your own, letting you have your own opinions while she has hers. I highly recommend it to people who like to think."
"It is good because it makes you think, it's not just there for pure intertainment. I also like the depth of the book and the details. It also lets you think on your own, letting you have your own opinions while she has hers. I highly recommend it to people who like to think."
"If you are going to read this book, make sure to read all four books.........the questions that will surface in book one will be answered in books 2, 3 and 4. Lois Lowery is one of the best authors ever. Take your time and enjoy! All four were wonderful........thanks Lois !"
"I loved this book. Dystopian in nature it did not follow the current trend of blood and gore but dealt more with feelings, impressions and bonding of characters.Character development is excellent and you feel the emotions and fears of characters as the struggle along."
"I could not put this book down. In fact, I read the entire book in 24 hours. I love the mystery of the uptopian community, the ignorance of it's members, and the strong moral theme of the story. I would recommend this book to young adults and anyone else who enjoys fiction."
"All I have to say is that this is one of my favorite books. I've reread it quite a few times. I absolutely love it. There's so much to say, but I'll keep it simple. If you haven't read this book, you should definitely read it. It is one of the best books there is out there."
I liked reading this book. It was very easy reading and has some little brain teaser like ideas that make you think about things. I felt that Lois Lowry has some very interesting messages to share with the readers. I think it is a book that almost anyone would like to read.
"This book was okay, I read it because several of the people I work with were reading it and talking about it.  I reminds me very much of Ira Levin's book, This Perfect Day, which was written many years ago.  The only difference was that Ira Levin's book was better written."
I loved the relationship aspect of this book. There were many lines & moments that gave me chills. I think Lowry was very clever in her writing. There were a lot of question moments during the read.  The ending... I thought was brilliant! Now I can't wait to see the movie.
I'm an adult. This is very much a youth novel but worth the read. The writing is excellent and thought provoking. Makes me appreciative of the freedoms and life experiences we take for granted. I gave it to my children to read. It was nice discussing the book with them.
"I loved this book, I read it every year.  It is a book for adults and teenagers, my mom enjoyed this book as much as I did.  It was imaginative and interesting...It made me wonder how anyone could live like that.  I  hope you read this book...I thought it was wonderful."
I like the giver because it gives you a chance to see what their sameness looks like then at the end you can see what color. Looks like and see something more than words. You get to see some pictures which are sometimes boring. Except at the end because there is COLOR!
"I read this book many years ago and remembered having discussions about what we felt the ending meant to us. I am thrilled to be able to introduce another young reader yo this wonderfully thought provoking book and I am looking forward yo our ""but what if"" discussions."
God can easily represent the Giver. Always remembering knowing being the ALL to the world. He is all knowing as is the Giver. He keeps our memories and our futures. Story gives the reader contemplation regarding what life would or could be without a Giver in our lives.
"I'm gonna keep this short and sweet..... The Giver by Lois Lowry is the best book I have ever read. Its one of those books that make you think, and the ending leaves you feeling fulfilled. Wonderful descriptions also. I recommend everyone, young and old read this book."
"I absolutely loved this book.  It gave me a view I had never seen before, that maybe perfection wouldn't be so great.  I realize now that differences are wonderful.  At first I thought I would hate it, but then I read it for  school and loved it.  Thank you Lois Lowry!"
"We had to read this book in school and I loved it!! Lois Lowry is so creative in thinking up a setting in the future! When I read the parts when the Giver gave Jonas the memories of the Wars, I felt ancient! I would really suggest this book to anyone who loves fantasy."
I read this book many years ago but had forgotten much of it. I wanted to read it again before I saw the movie and I am glad I did. It is very thought provoking. The ending feels a bit abrupt but it leaves your imagination to run wild and create your own happy ending.
"This has been one of my favorite books since 8th grade (and I'm 31 now...).  I was so excited when I heard a movie is coming out, and I immediately repurchased this book. Yup...still awesome!Move over Hunger Games and Divergent!  You've got nothing on The Giver!"
"I chose this five-star rating because this book was absolutely amazing. Lois Lowry did an amazing job at writing this book. I can't wait to watch the movie. Obviously, it won't be as good as this. I would recommend this book to anybody who is willing to enjoy a good read."
Fast read...interesting but not sure what is so fantastic about it. It's okay but I didn't feel that moved or emotionally caught up in the story.Guess I was just expecting a lot more but didn't realize beforehand that is was written primarily for a younger audience.
The Giver written by Lois Lowry is a very well thought out book.I gave this book five stars because its suspenceful threw the entire book and makes you want to keep reading. I have read this book sevral times and it has never gottin to the point where I was bored with it.
"This book was an excellent book, for a while.  The begginingwas a little hard to understand, but it was cleared up soon.  LoisLowry just DESTROYED the ending, though.  It was so confusing, it might as well have been written in Greek!  The end made me want to stop reading."
I read a review that gave this book one star the person said that they did not like this book because it made her question averything she had ever been taught.This book makes me realize that maybe we need tho question our  values sometimes. this book could teach you alot.
This is an excellent four book series and needs to be read in order.  This book and Gathering Blue have incomplete endings.  The Messenger and Gathering Blue go together and the Son ties all four together.  The Son does not make sense unless you have read the other three
"The reason why I wanted to read this book is because my daughter took me to see the movie and I had some more many questions after seeing the movie. The book, of course was much better than the movie. But the ending pretty much was the same which were I wanted clarity on"
well it was written about 20 years ago - the concept of the story is differnt and interesting but i felt there was so much more  the author could have done with the story... it was still a good quick read though... not sure if I would read anything else from this author.
Lowry writes with great imagination and symbolism. it's always refreshing to read a book by an author that you can just tell is extremely intelligent. this book is good for people of all ages and although it's more than 20 years old it still applies meaning to our time.
"My 13 year old son asked me to read this so we could talk about it. My son is not usually a big reader so I was happy to oblige. What an amazing story, I can't wait to tell my son that I've finished so we can talk about our perceptions and understandings about the book."
"For me the story was a little boring.  I used wikipedia to read about the book and the author, and decided it really was a YA book.  It was interesting at first, but for some reason I quickly lost interest.  Perhaps I simply wasn't the audience the book aimed for."
i simply loved this book it was amazing but i only give it four stars because of the ending it was kinda confusing and wasnt very good but i guess i havent read the next book so maybe it explains more i cant wait to read it!!! ps i am an eleven year old girl so...
The author packs a lot of story in a few pages.  Fun read.  Only thing keeping me from giving it a 5 star rating is that it is a complete cliff hanger.  No story threads were wrapped up.  Would have been better to make it longer and at least complete an 'episode'.
"I read this book when I was in junior high, and decided to reread it again now that I am a bit older (30). There is so much more to it than what I caught when I was young! It's a scary thought when you consider a society that has that much control over everything."
"I really enjoyed this book, thought provoking in a concise study of agency and freedom. One cannot read this book without realizing the importance of opposition in all things. We must experience sorrow to appreciate joy, feel lonely to treasure love, and so forth."
"Very well written, interesting story. I wished it wouldn't end when it did and the ending was predictable but the characters were very much alive and the story believable. I could visualize a society of ""sameness"" in the future, it would be so much easier."
"Suzana, she recommended the book.It was touched, so it was so sad.Well, I'm reluctant to recommend to someone because the last scene is too sad.But, I really into this book.I strongly recommend this book to want to know the meaning of life."
"20  years ago.  I looked it up because I KNEW I had read this book in the long ago and far away.  Of course, once started I had to finish.  Very simplistic.  Not bad but not great either.  This is what our current politics will do for us.  We must all be the same."
This is one of my favorite books of all time. I remember reading as a kid in elementary school. It has ended up on a list of life changing books. It has an increbile way of making you think about things in life in a whole new light. It is a must read for everyone.
"If you want to read a story of a different culture, this book will get you thinking.  What led to the formation and dictated the laws in place?  How would you deal with living under the rules of this community?  This novel will have you enthralled and questioning."
This book really makes you think about how we treat our world because even though the community in The Giver seems very different it actually isn't. We liked the way the book brings up points you normallym don't think about.  It makes you think in a different way.
"Fantastic copy,perfect for a gift. If you have someone who loves the book, this is the perfect copy for them. It has several illustrated pages as well as a ribbon to keep your place. Definitely a quality investment that wont pull at the purse strings too tightly!"
"I was recommended this book by a friend as well as by his mother. I was expecting it to be better, but it was still good. I was not terribly happy with the ending. I felt as though I had been left hanging. Perhaps the other books will give me a satisfying ending."
"Every day, we can slip mindlessly into our sameness, take comfort in the repetition of daily routines.  Ms. Lowry invites us to examine our fear and distrust of the unknown and suggests that a new adventure awaits us, the next time we take the path less traveled,"
"This book was good, kept me interested and even sparked an emotional response in the mid to late teen chapters. However I give it a three star because of the ending, read it and you will see! I wish she could have ""given"" an ending that didn't collapse on itself"
"My opinion of this book is that it was very well-written and you really get to know the characters, and I like that. Books like these are very good for young adult readers and I recommend that if you haven't read this book  yet that you get your hands on it now!"
"Surprising... Wanted it to continue more into the end story.  Otherwise, it was captivating.  I have often longed for contentment in equality. This book made me consider what the implications of ""sameness"" perfect equality and lack of choices might look like..."
"A great read from beginning to end. Lois Lowry reveals her story by unfolding it layer by layer, it is not a story that is quickly known from just a few pgs, but a novel that deserves every word and page to be read and turned to allow you to uncover its wonder."
"I cannot add anything to the accolades this fine book has received. I read it because of a review I read in the Wall St. Journal and was curious. While this is described as a book for young people, it is much, much more than that. Well worth the time and money."
"Although I found this book fascinating and disturbing, I wanted more from the story. I know I can create the ending, but  I  wanted more  fascination. I would recommend this book for mature children, teens and adults. Good for book groups that like short reads."
"I read this book as an assignment in my English class. I think it's certainly full of revealing insights about society and what's supposed to be for the benefit of society. On th other hand: Does a story have to be so stiff, so boring and so obvious in what it is meant to say?"
"Kinda of a strange book . . . Had to stop and start it a couple of times, finished it and then looked at the next book for a continuation, only to find it doesn't pick up where this one leaves off.  Probably done with this series unless someone can convince me otherwise.  ;-)"
"So much to acclimate to, so different a life they lead. Can a civilization that sublimates it's citizens' most basic thoughts, fears and joys succeed? Does the greater good mandate forgetting or even destroying our individual paths? I can't wait to read the rest and find out!"
"The Giver has been part of my 7th grade curriculum for almost 15 years, and my students continue to be enraptured year after year. The thematic range stretches to all ages. The powerful imagery (and lack of) evokes a new way of thinking and a new twist on how we look at life."
"I liked this book a lot, because it was different, in a unique way.  The whole plot is sort of like the movie ""Truman Show"".  The characters were well evaluated, and the way the community worked, was  amazing.  I loved the book, and the author is a wonderful writer."
"A bit thin on story line. Hard to believe a movie was made of the book. The movie script actually improved the story by filling in some of the gaping holes the reader was left with. I bought the book believing the book was complete, not the start of a series of four books. ."
"Jonas, his ""parents"", Gabriel and the Giver have fascinated me for a long time. I strongly recommend this nail-biting, thrilling read that brings you through amazing features that will soon correlate with the rest of the series in ""Son"", Giver Quartet Book 4."
I read this book in sixth grade and really enjoyed it. After seeing a trailer for it  before The Fault In Our Stars (another great book) I decided to get it. I am really glad I did because as I have gotten older I have gained wisdom to allow me perceive the book differently.
"Excellent overall, but reading it in four installments was off putting.  THE SON is inferior, in my opinion, to THE GIVE, GATHERING BLUE, and THE MESSENGER.  I loved THE GIVER, but found it too short and kept adding the sequels.  Overall, very engaging and thought-provoking."
I had to read this book for school and I am glad that the teachers picked this book for my grade.  Louis Lowry is really good at describing a scene in this book. The main character is a boy that is going to be something very special. You will be glad that you read this book.
"I know The Giver was assigned reading in school when I was younger, but, being the rebellious child I was, I either read the sparknotes of it, or, simply didn't read it at all. Now, 15 years later I decided to give it another try and I loved it! Such a good, thought provoking novel for readers of every age!"
"This is one of the best books I've ever read.  It's just as capable of inspiring adult readers as yound adults. I've been buying copies of this for my younger family members. I've read many, many books as an English teacher and a lover of books, and this one is one of the best. Read it. You won't regret it."
"This book is about a 12-year-old , who lives in the ultimate communism. He is chosen to be the giver, and recieves memories from when there was alot more freedom. He decides he has to change things. When it looks like he might do so, the book just stops, like they left out the last 25 pages.  It's terrible."
"This is the best book I've ever read! I read the whole thing in just two days! It's so intriguing and suspensful. It just makes you think of the world with a whole new light. If you like science fiction, but are way tired of the same old Star Trek, Star Wars, aliens, and starships, then this book is for you"
"This is one of those books which can be read and re-read, giving insights anew with each reading. Even after teaching this book, there was something new in this ""retirement"" reading. Surely this is one of those stories which is colored by the experiences of the reader and the openness of the reader's mind."
"When I got to the ""end"" I went back to see if some of the pages were stuck together. I guess I got the whole book when I downloaded it on my Kindle.  It ended rather abruptly, which i didn't expect.  It was a good story, and I bet it's an even better movie.  I hope the movie has a different ending."
"I'm not a big reader. I saw the trailer for the upcoming movie and checked out the sample. I was hooked! I couldn't put it down.After reading The Giver, I re-watched the trailer and it looks like Hollywood has taken some liberties. The book is always better than the movie, IMO. Great read-get it now!"
"Why do today's writers seem unable to give a story proper resolution?  This, like so many, seems to have given up just when it was hitting its stride.  Look, if I wanted to leave the end to my own imagination I'd write a story myself.  Was hoping there would be a sequel.  Sadly no.  Quite a disappointment."
"I am about 13 years old and i loved this book.  At first it was confusing but it got really good after the first part.  This is probaly 1 of the best books i have ever read so far!  Anybody who says this book is stupid has'nt read the book.  Read this book, it wont be a waste of your time.  I guarentee it."
i think the giver is one of the best books i ever read. i was only 11 when i read it so there were some parts i did not quite understand. i read it again when i was 12 and it made much more sense to me. i think this book is  great for young adults and i'm sure i'm going to keep reading it again and  again.
"To be honest I was really disappointed with this book. The plot and storyline were great and the ending was interesting but I felt like the middle of the story was boring and really took you nowhere. I would like there to be a sequel to see what happens. Yours, Zoe B."
"I of course read this book as a kid. I didn't understand it then, but I always remembered the story of the kid that could see red in an apple. So I revisited it and realized just what it details. Very much worth the revisit and the subsequent think-fest that followed."
"I first read The Giver in an afternoon on the beach before I began teaching 7th grade. I sit here today on the first day of Easter Break, 14 years later, having enjoyed it all over again. This book will make you laugh and cry - however - it will mainly make you think."
This book was amazing! I enjoyed every bit of it. The book has great detail to it. It is one of my favorite books this year so far. In the end the story finally clicks and its amazing to see what the author came up with. Defiantly one of the best books I've ever read.
"This is one of my all-time favorite books. I'm not exactly a low-level reader, but this book touches on topics in a way that many more complicated books don't. Some disturbing parts, an ending I hated as a kid, but a fantastic book that has stuck with me for 15 years."
"The Giver is one realy great book. I would recomend this book to everyone that does and doesn't like to read. Whoever, hates to read I think you should start reading The Giver and if you still don't like to read. I have no clue to a book that is better then the giver."
I read this book in 6th grade and I'm still thinking about it in ninth grade! I absolutely loved the new ideas Lois brought to light. I must read this book again! I'd reccomend this book to anyone. You're in for the book rollercoaster ride of your life. Happy reading!
"Loved this book I really couldn't put it down! It's poses questions of choice: Is the gift of choice a blessing our curse in the whole of society. What do our perceived ""good"" and ""bad"" choices fire the whole of our society, people, and the world mean for the future."
"Excellent book! If you have never read it, read it before the movie comes out. This was my 4th time to read it. I teach 8th grade English and plan to use it in my classroom this year to meet the Common Core Standards in reading of comparing a text form to media form."
"Anticlimactic ending.  It felt like the author had no place to go at the end, and so just ENDED the novel with no forethought.  What happened to the elderly Giver?  Were there repercussions on Jonas's family?  No, all the reader got is ""Jonas sees real Snow""."
The world was perfect no pain or suffering. No war or fear.Only one person can know pain. His name is Jonas. He is the receiver.The book was good because people did not know pain or suffering. Only one person know pain. At the end of the chapters you want to read more.
"Very fast delivery like always with Amazon.  My 10 year old had to read it for school and I wanted to read it too.  Very nice book, but a little hard (difficult) to read for a 10 year old (therefore it needed a little adult supervision and explanation), otherwise a very good book!"
i think this story is religiously inspired. one person martyrs himself so the individuals in the community have the option of feeling pain/ making their own decisions. not to mention the supernatural presentation of time and morals. but its an interesting presentation if im right.
"i liked this book, even wen i first read it in 6th grade. now looking back as a high school freshman i still enjoy it. it was compelling and had a deeper meaning within. jonas was an excellent character and the setting was  meaningful. we find that perfection isn't always perfect."
"As a junior in college in a children's literature course and as a future educator, I found this book very interesting.  It could be very useful in a classroom full of young adults.  Lois Lowry helps an individual's imagination and creative side run wild with the plot of this book."
"Well written and enjoyable book for all ages. The plot is a little predictable but the execution makes up for this. I do not like reviews that give any spoilers, so let simply states that if you like post- apocalyptic books this is a must read. But keep in mind that it is PG13..."
"In a perfect world, the hero of the story dissents from the perfect lifestyle for reasonable and beautiful reasons.  In an ""ignorance is bliss"" kind of world, a young boy loses his ignorance and his bliss because he wants everyone else to truly experience life. A beautiful story."
The book THE GIVER is about a teenage boy who lives a perfect life. He lives this life until he gets his life assignment. This boy becomes puzzled and does not know what to do. THE GIVER is an outstanding book that children who read at advanced levels would enjoy. Read this book!
Decided to read this book since my 8th grade son had it assigned to him for Language Arts class & it sounded interesting. I enjoyed it very much & was actually upset when it ended. I want to know how the story continues! Definitely recommend this book for teens and adults alike.
An excellent and gripping story that shows what humanity loses when it strives for a forced supposedly utopian society.  What it means to be human having the capacity to love in all its meanings is dealt with so well in this book.  Looking forward to the next book in the series.
"The giver is a fantastic story.  It was thinking book aboutwhat if life was like this....,or what if we had to do this. This bookis about finding out disapointments and amazing new feelings. It is a book for adults as well as children.  It is a top-of-the-line book and I hope you will read it!"
"I first had to read the giver for 7th grade. At first it seemed like an ok book, if not bland. I read the book more and i got to know Jonas and his friends more. The story continued normally with a few new things happening in the book and it took me awhile before i realized that i was half way through the bok already! It wasn't because i was so attached to the book, but because the actual ""problem"" of the story wasn't even introduced until 60% of the book was done! After the point in which Jonas becomes the reciever, it's like the author decided to abandon the first half of the story and started new. All the characters I came to know just disappeared! Why tell me so much about a character that doesn't even matter? I felt like reading the first chapters of the book was just a waste of time. The ending felt like the author jus wanted to get he story over with and just rushed it, and the end was so jumbled up it made no sense whatsoever and was just ridiculous. Just as you realize that you're reaching the climax of the story you check how much into the story you are, you expect to see a 50 or 60% you realize that it's actually 85% and you start panicking. When you get to the part where the search planes try to find Jonas the solution was always the same, it felt like to me that there was no dilemma even though the author tried to explain that it was hard. The ending was a major let down. Jonas found a sled, Jonas rides the sled, OMG Jonas just saw a house and heard what he thinks is music!!! Then BLAM! The End. What? I checked for a sequel but there was none. I just thought that the ending was more like a beginning, unless he died from the cold or something At least give me an ending! I suppose the people who gave this book an award thought it was very thought-provoking but I say that they must be in deep denial. I think it was thought-provoking indeed! But thought-provoking as in it was so poorly written i wonder why the author didn't just abandon the whole story since she already abandoned the first half of it. Overall a poorly written story that a 10 year old could have written better, just ask your students how they would've ended The Giver and you would wish they wrote it instead."
"Before The Hunger Games and the myriad dystopian novels that have saturated the YA market of late, there was Lois Lowry's The Giver. Since I hadn't read it and many reviews of other similarly themed novels reference it, and since it was a Newbery winner, The Giver made my summer reading shortlist.Similar to Orwell's 1984 or Huxley's Brave New World, though written for a younger audience, The Giver presents a future utopian society. Unlike much of today's works for youth and young adult audiences, Lowry's novel isn't unnecessarily lengthy. Lowry has a gift for economy, presenting the important details of her futuristic world in a fashion that serves her storyline well and reveals information in a natural, comfortable progression without ever needing to resort to info dumping. She's a master of showing rather than telling.The opening chapters are engaging and seductive, in that it gently sweeps you into this place where families gather round the dinner table and talk out their troubles. You are taken so unaware that it's not until later that you begin to see something deceptive and dangerous is lurking beneath the surface. This community isn't as honestly happy as it would appear. We come to see the truth bit by bit with our protagonist, as Jonas' eyes are literally opened to the truths behind the workings of his society.Themes center around individuality, freedom, choice, and the function and importance of memory and pain. Mature and difficult topics are covered that stir up controversy among some conservative folks, so the novel has been widely challenged for years. Given these issues and the novel's ending, which is somewhat open to interpretation, Lowry's work generates thoughtful discussion and dialogue. In this sense, The Giver is an crowning achievement.That said, I was a little underwhelmed for two reasons. Lowry herself states that the novel was not designed to be science fiction, though it's often categorized as such. Herein lies one of the work's weaknesses. While I can't elaborate without spoilers, there are some gaps in the ""science"" behind the engineering of this society, questions that are never satisfactorily addressed or answered. My other qualm is that Lowry so carefully presents this community devoid of strong emotion that her narrative voice feels a touch distant and tempered, robbing the tale of its full emotional punch.Verdict: 4 of 5 hearts. A Measured, Economical Glimpse at ""Utopia.""The Giver succeeds in presenting failed Utopia in a compellingly taut narrative. But ultimately, some of the book's flaws dilute its emotional impact and undermine its reality, causing it to fall short of tremendous. However, as this is the first part of a quartet, I will reserve final judgment."
"I read an article in the Christian Science Monitor about all of the movies coming out this year based on books, many of which I hadn't read.  I chose this book because the synopsis sounded interesting and that it was an award-winning book.I can't quibble with the quality of the writing:  it is top notch.  Lowry can tell a story.  My difficulty was the story she was telling was one of the darkest stories I've read, and more disturbing still, this is considered a book for children.  Of course, you want children to be exposed to lots of different kinds of stories, not just ones with a happy, humanist plot/ending, and certainly fairy tales (Hansel & Gretel, e.g.) have a dark side.  But fairly tales are constructed in an almost cartoony, unreal context.Here an entire world is carefully constructed, in a ""Pleasantville"" kind of way but very realistic in the same way.  As an adult reader, you understand that something is wrong and as the story unspools, you realize the kind of horror that really exits in this world Lowry has so carefully created.  It's a world where underproducing/not 100% ""perfect"" babies are murdered and their murder is carefully chronicled in detail.  Forget about the big, bad wolf, read this book to your children and they'll find new horrors to have nightmares about.Perhaps I am having such a visceral reaction to this book is because this is classified as a children's/young adult book.  It was a disturbing read for me and I'm an adult.  I can't imagine the reaction a child might have.An interesting side note:  perhaps the moviemakers share my opinion, as they have changed the story so the main character is not 12, but 16, almost as if they know this story is too dark for grade school children to watch."
"I wasn't sure what to expect when I borrowed The Giver from my library's e-book collection.  It had been on my 'to read' list for quite a while but I never made it a priority.  ""It's a children's book.  Will I really get anything from reading it?""  I wish I hadn't waited so long as this book is a treasure.SLIGHT SPOILERS AHEAD:Jonas is about to turn twelve.  In his world, you are given your assignment at your 12th year ceremony.  The elders have watched you and determined your skills so that you can be trained to become a doctor, lawyer, teacher, etc.  As Jonas watches all of his friends getting their assignments, he realizes that they have skipped him.  At the end of the ceremony, he is called forward and told that he has been selected as the next Giver, a rare honor.  Unsure what this means, Jonas begins his training the following day.The world that Lois Lowry has created may seem ideal to many.  Everyone is basically equal and there is little to no discord among the people.  In fact, no one really knows about pain and suffering.  Yes, you might slam your finger in the door but someone will come right over to give you pain relief.  But, true pain is unknown.  War, famine, political unrest - none of these exist in this world.What do you give up for this utopia?  Pretty much all free will.  The government tells you when to play, what you are going to do with your life, who will be your mate.  And, by mate, I simply mean companion as you are also required to take pills that eliminate all of your 'urges'.I avoid online political discussions at all costs as I think those are best left for debate in person.  However, I do believe that no matter your political leanings, The Giver is thought-provoking.  If we are going to give the government power over certain aspects of our lives, we should consider the long-term benefits and dangers.  I'm sure there are those that have no issue with government control if it means peace.  Others would fight to the death to avoid living under someone else's thumb.The Giver is the person who holds all of the negative memories of the world.  He is charged with remembering what it is to die during a war or freeze to death during an avalanche.  Yes, he keeps some good memories too but the weight of the negative ones is a hardship few can endure.Jonas' story doesn't have a happy ending.  If you want that, you should go read some Dr. Seuss.5/5 stars for a book I will give to all of my nieces and nephews."
"What would it be like to live in a world where everything his ordered and dictated by a manipulative hierarchy? Where your meals are brought to you daily and your job is predetermined and assigned to you at twelve? The Giver by Lois Lowry tackles this question in more in a tantalizingly thought provoking novel.Jonas's world is perfect. Everything is under control, and there are no choice. Fear, pain, love, and war. All have been eradicated as a sense of ""Sameness"" is being strived for in the Community. But when Jonas turns twelve, he, chosen from amongst all the other children, is assigned the prestigious role of ""The Receiver of Memories."" He is to receive special training from The Giver. The Giver holds memories of the true pains and pleasures of life. He alone is burdened with this task as the rest of the Community remains oblivious. Colors do not exist, singing does not exist, love does not exist. But now it is time for Jonas to become the receiver of the truth. For him, there is no turning back.Lowry uses well-crafted prose to create this image of a dystopian world masked with a facade of utopia. It is thoughtful and well worth a read through or two. It is a good starting block to anyone interested in dystopian literature although its deep themes and intensive emotional level will require a slightly older, more mature reader--especially to appreciate the author's talent and the message.While it may be hard to grasp the concept of such a different lifestyle (and for some it may be hard to sit through), it is important to remember, Lowry is not advocating this flawed society. In fact, she is only inviting us to consider if our society shares any similarities with the flaws of The Community. Do we erase memories too painful to bear? What extent to we go to ensure equality? Do we place stigma against things that go against how things are supposed to be done?Ironically, this book has often been a subject of controversy and has found a place on banned book lists. Celebrate the freedom to read the just passed Banned Books Week and read a book as wonderful as The Giver. I would not find it to be a regrettable experience."
"I had heard a lot of good things about this book over the years and I had seen that it was recommended reading for a lot of public school students.  The problem with this story is that it tells a story that's very on the surface when the subject matter required something more visceral.  I mean, the basic theme of this story is how important choice is in the lives of the characters, but we never really get to know any of the characters, including the main character, that deeply.This story creates a somewhat interesting, yet completely unbelievable setting for the characters to operate.  If everyone is doing as the ""collective"" is telling them to do, it is only logical that there is an individual or oligarchy that would be exercising control over the people in that society.  To set up the premise that this society is trying to avoid pain by taking away certain choices, but never establishing who is running things, is a major disservice to the reader.  I challenge anyone who disagrees with what I just wrote to show me a society that has ever existed in Earth's history that ran things the way this one does.  I mean, the main character is afraid of death at some points, but all of the supporting characters seem like two-dimensional beta males that it seems inconceivable one of them would have the cojones to order the death of their ""chosen one.""The choices the main characters make seem illogical and almost inconsistent with the way they come across.  I get the feeling the author didn't want to really think too deeply about these characters and instead made it seem like we were watching a puppet show.  It's weak...I know the book should probably be taken as a parable (or something) and that its told mostly from the point of view of a 12 year old and that the nebulous ending is supposed to signify some sort of development for the main character.  The problem is that this society that the author sets up is so concrete, why give me such a half-assed ending?Save your time.  ""1984"" is a much better read for future dystopian societies that limit people's choice.  If this is an indicator of the author's other works of fiction, it may be a while before I come back to read another."
"Cesar Mondragon  5-3-12The story begins in the perfect world. Jonnah An Eleven year old who later becomes a Twelve. He becomes the next Receiver of Memory in his community. He has a sister, Lily, and a mother and a father. He lives happily eith his mom,dad, and sister.His dads is a  Nurturer. He cares a lot about Gabriel, so he manages to give him an extra year to develop properly. He takes care of the new-children during the day. He is a shy and quiet man who is responsible for the physical and emotional needs of new-children. And his mom is a  a judge who works for the Department of Justice.  To control evryone in the town they all get assinged a certain lifestyle. And the adults get assinged their own husband and wife , base on their personalities, they do it to balance evryone out in the town. The Giver  The most important person in the community. He can experience pain and love, and can see color, unlike those around him. His daughter, Rosemary, was the one selected to be the Receiver ten years before Jonas was selected. Rosemary asked to be released, and so that assignment was considered a failure. No one in the community can ever speak her name again.The Elders can never name another child Rosemary again. The Giver is themost importants person in the community. He can experience pain and love, and can see color, unlike those around him. His daughter, Rosemary, was the one selected to be the Receiver ten years before Jonas was selected. Rosemary asked to be released, and so that assignment was considered a failure. No one in the community can ever speak her name again. The Elders can never name another child Rosemary again.The main problen in the story is that Jonas's new emotional and sensory awareness cause him to rebel against the restrictions his society places on freedom of choice, individuality, emotion, and human experience.  And the way evrything starts to settle down is based on the order to put his plan into action, Jonas flees the community on bicycle with the newchild Gabe, evading search planes and enduring hunger and pain to try to bring feelings and color to his community and bring himself to the world he has dreamed of knowing. All of thes connflict and evrything happends in an unspecified time in the future."
"You know, I have heard a lot about this book over the years but for whatever reason have never felt the urge to buy it and read it.Maybe because in the past dystopian has never really been my thing but thanks to some recent great reads (mainly Lauren Oliver's Delirium series) that has changed.So, when I saw this go on sale in ebook form for only $.99 I thought what the heck and picked it up.I really wasn't sure what to expect for this read. I try not to listen to hype about books too much because more often than not, I find myself disappointed with books that have gotten fabulous reviews and well, that just sucks when that happens.So I tried going into this one with an open mind and no expectations whatsoever, which was probably a good thing.I am not going to say that I didn't enjoy this read because I did, I really did. It was imaginative and creative and down right poetic at times but yet...it just didn't grab me like it seemed to for others.It was kind of sad and even a little creepy the extent that the elders and council would go to to keep the Sameness and as the story unfolded you got glimpses of why things were the way they were and the extent of what life was like there.I felt for The Giver and for Jonas and the struggles and challenges that they had with their calling and with them wanting to make their lives better and to open the eyes of the others.I couldn't imagine living in a world devoid of life and emotions and color.How sad that would be.Maybe it was the ending that did it for me, or rather didn't quite do it for me. There really wasn't a definite ""this is how it is"" type of thing. You are left wondering if things really changed and what happened with Jonas, The Giver and even baby Gabe. Sometimes I like that definite ending to be there. I don't always want to make up my own happy ever after. And while this did hint at what was to come I just wish it would have been a little more detailed, but then again, this is a trilogy so maybe there is more of that in the next two books. One can only hope at any rate."
"Who hasn't imagined living in a perfect world? I can attest to wishing for a perfect world where there is no war, no hate, and no hunger, a world of perfect happiness once upon a time. But, as is aptly shown in ""The Giver"", such a world comes with a price. You cannot have perfection and free will. They seem to cancel each other out in this world. The first time I read this book, I just read it. I think I was about twelve and I read it because it was something to do.  I didn't think about it, I just read it like one would read a newspaper ad, not thinking, just reading.However, it was only recently as part of a VHS assignment that I encountered The Giver one more and found myself intrigued by the images and concepts it held. I can't imagine a world without color, without music, without love. How can a world survive like that? How can the heart survive? A child with everything else can die without love.The utter lack of freedom was also a disturbing image from this book. Every person must meet certain requirements or face being ""Released"". Perfection is expected and nothing else is tolerated for long. Children are assigned numbers, not names at birth, and each adult is assigned both a spouse, who they never intimate with, and a career, without choice. How can anything survive in this atmosphere of utter control? What happened to imagination and creativity? Where they too sacrificed with love and color for this perfect world?This book was profoundly moving, and I am so glad that I was able to encounter it again as a young adult. My added years have given me insights, and experiences that I did not have at the tender age of twelve when I was first handed my copy of ""The Giver"".-Jessica J. Smith"
The ending was so lacking in substance that I thought Amazon failed to load the entire book on to my Kindle. The main body of the story was a real page-turner with scores of pages of interesting detail leading up to a cessation of a few disappointing lines.
The begenning is a little confusing but the more you read the less confusing it gets.Jonas figures out that life was not always perfect from the Giver. It was a great book but I only gave it four stars because I  couldn't figure out what happens in the end.
"I am a college student who read this book for a Literacy Development course in Education.  It was INCREDIBLE!  I recommend it to adults as well as children.  Even adults can truly get a great deal out of it.  If your  child has a copy, borrow it right away!"
I liked the Newbury book the Giver because it  was sad and seious book at the same time.The book was really diffrent I know I've never been in a communite that your not aloud to ride a bike till your nine.I think this  book is more for adults and teenagers.
"This book is truly an amazing story. I don't know how Lois Lowry came up with the idea, but unlike some of the other reviews I read where they bashed the ending, I thought it left off rather nicely. Sure you don't get every question answered but that's ok!"
"Pretty decent dystopian YA novel.  Very quick read.  There are other books after this one but I have yet to read them.  If you never had to read this in middle school, you might want to pick it up.  Do not watch the movie though, it ruins the entire novel."
Always been one of my favorite books growing up. I look forward to Hollywood's interpretation. The very concept always struck home with me. I seem to find something new every time I read it. The circular path makes sense and helps me understand the ending.
"I read this book when I was in 5th grade, I am not 23 years old and enjoyed it so much more. There is so much meaning and a connection that can be felt by anyone who reads it. It is relatable and well written, everyone should be required to read this book."
"A fantastic diversion into the spectrum of possibilities when we leave our comfort zones. An important look at the necessity of diversity, and the contrasts that add value to our lives. Inspirational and heartfelt. Definitely would recommend for 8+ years."
"This is an amazing book.  It's well written and has a great message.  The only reason I give it four stars is because of the open ended ending.  I understand what she's trying to accomplish with it, but it just leaves me feeling unsatisfied and depressed."
The author leaves the interpretation open to the reader. In the world of so many injustices the story gives a view of what a utopian world could look like without color or race. The ending leaves me wondering could there be any other outcome for the boys.
"I don't fault the author or the story being told. I had high hopes I would enjoy this more than I did. I feel it had a great premise but then it fizzled out for me. Mainly, I felt like the author didn't know how to end it or where they wanted to go. blah."
this si my favorite book. i just wish the book didnt end i know theres a book when gathering blue and the giver unites but i dont know which one that is. but overall this is one of my favorite authros and my favorite book next to the boy in strped pajamas
really loved it & can't wait to get the rest of them. i would have gotten them together if i had realized how short the book was. i was on a commute & read this in less than 5 hours. i loved the story line though. just wish i had the next one right away.
"I discovered that there are several ""teaching guides"" that have been published to accompany this small book for classroom use.  bought this addition as a gift for a dear friend.  It is well written, easy read and grabs your interest and emotions."
"What a magnificent, thought provoking book.  I, too, thought of the giver in relation to the Savior, and elsewhere as what I would refer to as the celestial kingdom where we are to live in love and glory as w e reunite with our  families and GOD forever."
"This is a phenomenal story about a society of sameness, where one dares to break free! This is a great book at any stage in life, as Lois Lowry has written a terrific ending that allows you to interpret what happens, which changes every time you read it!"
"Wellllllllll its an OK book. The action is a bit slow at times, but its a smrt book that makes you think. the author does a good job with plot and detail. Many kids have to read this book for school so I wouldn't buy it before checking THAT scenario out."
"I loved this audio book. The reader was excellent. I understand it is for young readers, but wouldnt recommend it to anyone under 12 or so, since it deals with very serious and possibly scary subject matter.Very well written and engrossing."
At first I thought the book would be a complete bore but once you begin to read you will be amazed in what kind of world they live in. You will discover the wonderful ideas in our wourld that we take for granted and  realaze  how thakful we are for them.
I heard a lot of hype about this story and that may be why I was slightly disappointed I was expecting more emotion it was a good book a little slow and nothing really seemed to happen until the end maybe the next book will be more exciting over all it was ok
I do not usually read books set in an Utopian society. I first read this because it was assigned reading in school. Since then I have read the book I read over and over again. The characters are strong. The messages are strong. It would make an amazing movie.
The Giver is almost on a level with Plato's Republic. The difference is The Giver is more fun to read.Only a few of the characters have character! I really enjoy a story that reveals the secrets slowly & keeps the suspence until the end as The Giver does.
"I absolutely love this book.  It is oneof the most thought-provoking, profoundly disturbing books that I have ever read.  The thing that is most frightening about it, however, is that it seems like a plausible way for society to be in a hundred years or so."
"I really loved this book! It's great and it shows that being unique is great! I feel sorry for Jonas.  This is really a great book, you have to read it!  It shows that memories have to be shared and that faimily is so precious!  Everyone that I know loves it!"
"This book was great!  It took a while for the story to get interesting, but once it did I couldn't put it down. I think that this book would be great for 4th and 5th graders.  The being was kind of boring, but the  farther I got in the book the better it got."
"All the feels! I'm really surprised I had never heard of this novel, nor had it recommended to me. Very insightful. This book really had me thinking about life and how precious our experiences and feelings are. A quick, easy read. Would definitely recommend!"
This was a great story. I couldn't put it down. So I have to give it 5 stars. But be warned...you are going to get reeeeeally into this book...and then...it just ends. And I mean so abruptly that I actually thought the rest of the book at failed to download.
"You can cringe at the solemn life without difference. No decisions  to make in regard to your future or what to wear e everyone in an age group wears the same thing.No fashion designers,no colour,no movies, everyone is a steroids wife. Very Interesting read."
We thought these people were completely satisfy with ignorance because they just did everything they were told to do and had no idea what they were missing. We liked that the author introduced to us a whole different  view point of what a Utopian society is.
"The Giver exposes the dark side of trying to create a perfect world.  On the bright side, everyone is harmonious and obedient, there is no poverty and no want or need, but with light, there's shadow.  The main character Jonas has led a sheltered life of ease.  Upon his twelfth birthday he is assigned his job that he will do for the rest of his life as everyone else will, he becomes ""The Receiver of Memories"".  The role is one of high honor and Jonas accepts it with a twinge of sadness but with pride.  As he trains for his new role in the community he begins to learn of the horrors of human history and the present.  His perspective on the world is forever altered. He must decide his fate, but is it the right one?  This book is fantastic and I'm very glad I spent the time to read it.  The Giver offers a view into what would go wrong if one tried to create a utopian society.  Lois Lowry does a wonderful job of creating a world that the reader feels involved in.  She sets up contrasts and foil that keep a reader enthralled in the story.  The Giver is definitely a book that everyone should add to their library."
"This was a fantastic story about mankind's fear and attraction to the unknown. I was surprised that it is more of a short story than a novel, tho. The ending was a big surprise and I haven't seen a story end this way before (nope, not giving it away)."
"As far as young adult fiction goes, this books treads on the lowest of reading levels. The story scenario itself is pretty interesting, but the ending is a bit of a disappointment - was hoping for a bit more. Interested to see the adaptation for film."
"What a stunning book! A beautiful piece that immediately puts you in the world of Jonas, then had the courage to upset everything about that works. It forces the reader to consider their lives, what masters to them and ultimately, the power of memory."
"This book moves me so much. we read it as a class when I was in 6th grade and even then, I knew it had depth beyond my understanding. Now 22, I've read it again and the weight of it is still beyond me. It truly transports you into this peculiar world."
"I think the giver is a pretty good book overall.  It is very thought-provoking and challenges your mind.  It is however, boring in some parts and the end shows bad decision.  If you want a quick good read though, then The Giver would be a good choice."
"A great Book in which A boy in a socioty based on everything being the same finds out he is to be the next ""receiver of memories"" someone who bears memories so that the people are satisfied with what they have and don't want to be different."
This book is amazing. It takes you on a ride through a futuristic world of imagination. In reading it you will feel the pain and confusuion of this boy and how his life will never be the same. If you read this book I  promise you will never forget it!
"The Giver is vividly descriptive and very imaginative.  It definitely has become one of my all time favorites.  Even the ending let you use your own imagination to wonder exactly what happened to Jonas, and in that sense  that book is an endless tale."
"The Giver is vividly descriptive and very imaginative.  It definitely has become one of my all time favorites.  Even the ending let you use your own imagination to wonder exactly what happened to Jonas, and in that sense  that book is an endless tale."
"Fantastic. The book really makes you think about a ""perfect""  society would be like, and how important things like choices and strong  feelings, like love and fear and grief are. Lois Lowry makes the charecters  real and the setting chilling"
"The Giver, a story focusing on a controlled world, with young Jonas being the major character, keeps the reader turning the pages.  However, I wonder how much more or less eager I would have been to keep those pages turning  had I not seen ""The Truman Show"", ""The Matrix"", or  ""Pleasantville.""  If you are considering reading this book and  have seen those three movies, imagine a world that combines all of those  movies.  A world that to most is seen in black and white(Pleasantville), a  world where pills are taken to maintain the present state of  awareness(Matrix), and a world where all seem horribly unaware of an  entirely different world outside the one in which they live(Truman).  Having seen those movies made me aware in advance what otherwise might have  been great surprises in the story.  From minor hints and foreshadowing, I  could pretty much guess what was going to happen next..there were no real  surprises.  Of course, I am not saying that this book is a rip-off of the  big screen, the book predates each of the afore-mentioned shows. The story  ended in a manner which begs a sequel, leaving more questions than answers.  Some have criticized the book for some vivid descriptions concerning  infanticide, but I've read far more gruesome details in my daily newspaper.  Overall, my main thought the entire time reading the book was that I've  heard this story before..but that is in no way any fault of the author."
"A wonderful book. It is amazing to read about everyday things we take for granted and see them in a new light through Jonas, who experiences everything for the first time. I can only imagine it as being blind from birth and finally being able to see."
"The book really was touching!I would not change a word beginning to end the book was filled with such love and thought really enjoyed it,l was hooked from the start until the word echo the last word of the book can't wait I am watching the movie soon"
"A great and thought-provoking book. But not for elementary school students in my view. Better for middle school and above, as it is easy to read but there are challenging ideas and images to contemplate. Thank you Lois Lowry for this gift of a story."
"I loved everything about the book, except the ending. I continued on to Gathering Blue and The Messenger, and I am now reading the 4th book. Everything has been put together now. The loose ends inThe Giver have been tied up, so definitely read all 4!"
"Interesting concept, but the book just ended without a conclusion.  I guess that's  the tend - a book series - where the first book ends as an introduction to the next.  I wasn't engaged enough to buy the next book, so as a read alone - only 3 stars."
Interesting that this is being promoted for the youth.....is it a warning to them to do something or a warning that this will be their lifestyle.  Great book to have the youth read and THEN opens a great discussion for what's going on in the country.
I have read this more than once and each time I look at my current life differently. I choose to become more and I am thankful I have this choice. Life is so big and we can choose to live in a small area or choose to open more gates and to live more!
I loved this book at first I judged the book by its cover. When I started reading this I was like in my own world pretending to be Jonas. This one of the best books I have ever read. Thank you Lois Lowry for sharing this brilliant and creative story.
"Decent book for someone with an unsophisticated palette.  Book was somewhat naive and disjointed.  I think the author may have been making a statement regarding utopian societies,  but it's difficult to tell.Won't keep around for a re-read."
"well written, but seemed to end in the middle of the story. I scanned over book 2, hoping it was a continuance. of book 1,but it wasn't. Didn't want to start to read it and again left wondering what happened. Won't read any more Lois Lowry books."
"The Giver Diver is a fasinating book. It is absolutely wonderful. The creativity and imagination is so inspiring. I love how there is no color, no nature,and no weather. This is a great book and I would definitely recommend this book. Great book."
"This was a book my 10 year old grandson recommended I read. His teacher started reading it in class and suddenly stopped, I understand why after reading the whole book myself.  It is too intense for 4th graders, I'm glad for this teachers wisdom."
"This book was one that I chose as a summer reading for one of the students I tutor. Both the student and I really enjoyed reading The Giver.  In fact, my student asked each week if reading further was okay with me.This is very well written."
I read The Giver along with Lois Lowrey's other two books in the set when I was in middle school and fell in love. I had to re read this and the others once I discovered that there is now a fourth! Lois' books helped shape me into who I am today.
"This book was very unique and different. I liked how the author took the idea that was based on the future. I think that The Giver is one of the best books that I've ever read in Grade 6. I recomend this to everyone, so prepare to be blown away!!"
This book was one of my favorite books.  It kept me on the edge of my seat  the whole way through.  It is about a boy and what happens to him when he  receives the most important job in the tower.  If I recommend any book it  would be this one.
"This book is very entertaining.  I like it so much more than the Mo vie.  I thought  Was ordering the entire quartet, so now I will get them quickly. I certainly cannot stop this wonderful story while it continues for 3 more books in the series."
"I don't really remember this book that well, as I have read it a while ago, but I do remember trying to hastily finish The Giver to go on to the second book, only to find out they have no relation! Why is it a quartet when they're not connected?"
The Giver is a very good book. It gives a different way of living and  looking at the world. You will love Jonah and the Giver. I read this book  in 3 grade and still love it in 7 grade. I encourage all of you to read it  and keep an open mind.
"I read this as a read aloud to my fifth graders.  It seemed slow at first, but ended up being a favorite with me and my students.  Had many of them wanting to read the series.  I am not usually a fan of Lois Lowry, but I really liked this one."
The Giver was an interest story regarding UTOPIAN society the a young boy`s need for escape. It was a good choice for junior high level students to perhaps understand how life can be very different from what they are so comfortable with today.
I really enjoyed reading The Giver. It was really well written with good explanation of the characters and their surrounds so you could actually visualise being there. I really liked all the characters also. It was short and very easy to read.
"I waited a long time to read this book, but I am glad I finally did. I enjoyed reading it and see why middle school kids are required to read it. The things it makes you think about life are interesting and bring about great discussion points."
"This has been my favorite book since I first read it in like the 4th grade. I am 24 and I ordered it again so I could read it again! Again, an incredible book. I have yet to see the movie but I already know it will not be as good as this book!"
"Had to read this before going to see the movie, I'm glad I did, as usual, the book was so much better. I guess I'm late to reading this story, having read the Divergent series before it, it was harder to appreciate the novelty of the concepts."
"at times I think some details were unneeded and a lot of things require thought and being able to figure out what would the thing they are doing be called in our world... for example ""midday meal""= lunch but other than that it was a great book"
"The giver is my favorite book, it is a little creepy and weird.  But it is still really, really, really good. And I LOVE IT!!!!!some people don't really like it but that is their opinion; you should really read it IT IS AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!"
"The Giver is a great book.  It is about a boy named Jonas and his adventures with The Giver.  When Jonas recieves his speecial assignment, he must learn to face his fears.  This book is a very suspenseful cliffhanger.  I definetly recomend it!"
"This book is really interesting. It shows how sometimes that life isn't what some people really image on how it's going to be. To me, the position that he is in isn't something that I could see myself in but maybe it could happen, because you never really know."
"The first time I read this book I loved it, now I've read it about 20 more times and everytime I understand a little more. The characters are life like and the setting and plot are cool. I love sci-fi and when I read this I had to have it. It truely is awesome."
The Giver is one of the most fabulous books I have ever read.  It is definately the very best young adult science fiction book ever.  This was the book that made me love to read. I urge everyone- young and old- to read  this increadibly thought provoking story.
"I'm not one who reads a lot, I wouldn't pick up a book and read it, in fact this was a school assingment.  But this book was incredible, it was amazing, it made me realise how prescious memories are, and how bad a  utopian society would be.  THIS BOOK WAS GREAT"
"Interesting story. I was  sympathetic to the characters. I found some of the story disturbing and think this is a book that would be better read in a class or book club. As a single adult reading at home, I wished to talk about it when I reached the last page."
"Bought this due to the movie release which piqued my curiosity.I am impressed that it was made into a Hollywood flick.  I agree with the legions of devotees - it's a must-read, a YA companion to 1984, Brave New World and the like.Kudos!"
I wasn't sure what to expect but I wasn't disappointed. The society that Lowry creates makes you wonder if how we live today is so bad. There are so many questions I have after reading. I'm not going to spoil it for you but it was definitely thought provoking.
"This is an instant classic for me! The story is brilliant, and the characters are all likable. Lois Lowry does a nice job at creating a world where things are complicated, yet easy to understand. I loved that this book was written to where anyone can enjoy it."
i think that the book was good because it makes you think if we had a commuinty like that you would not know how to act because of a word call (SAMENESS).that means that every thing is the same the same color and houses and everthing read it it makes you think
"I enjoyed this story line as I wanted to keep on reading to see what would happen next.  This was a short book with a good amount of intrigue.  You will be sure to think about the concepts presented, would this really be  a smarter way to live  or just cruel?"
"The book I am reviewing is The Giver by Lois Lowry.  This book is about a boy named Jonus who lives in a community.  I don't know where Jonus's community is because there is little description in the book.  It could be anywhere.  Jonus is a boy who is like an ordinary boy until he meets the Giver.  But Jonus's community is very strange.  They can't see color and at a certain age you get released. Some people in the community think releasing is a good thing.  Also each family is only allowed to have a boy child and a girl child.  Jonus can't understand things about his community but there's one who can.  The Giver.  The Giver is a wise old man who can see memories that others can't.  But not all memories are good such as sunburn and breaking your leg.  Jonus learns lots from the Giver and even receives some memories.  Jonus becomes a whole new person because of the Giver.  For example' Jonus gets tougher and wiser than he was earlier in the book.  In this book I don't think there is a time period.  It could be in the future or the past.  If you're looking for an adventure book and a thrilling book, pick The Giver.  I like the whole book except the ending because I did not think the book should end that way.  I learned that our world is a lot better than Jonus's community.  Lois Lowry has also written Gathering Blue, and lots of other great stories.  I think Lois Lowry likes writing adventure books and science fiction ones."
"Although this book left a lot to be explained, it is an interesting read. It is a typical utopian story of a world where the leaders are striving to make it perfect but someone realizes something is missing. It's also a fairly quick and easy read."
"This book is one of the best I've ever read, and the story is interesting and magical from start to finish. He draws you into this seemingly utopian society and drops you right on your head, flipping the script. It's an amazing story. A must read."
"I found this one interesting because I could someday see how our lives could end up this way, which would be very sad.  The Giver has a great burden to bear, carrying all the memories so the citizens do not have feel emotions. It was a quick read."
"I love this book and strongly recommend it. Jonas is an amazing boy who learns to feel and see and hear in a desolate world of equality, sameness, and gray. He learns and grows in this book, and its five stars because every second of it is amazing"
Love the book. Lois Lowry's style is beautiful. I literally could not put this book down.I read this years ago with my 7th graders and looked forward to a second read this winter.Perfect story for a snowy day. Can't wait for the movie.
I'm almost positive that I read this book in elementary school but I don't remember any of it. I'm glad I reread this book in college. It contains such a strong message and leaves it open to interpretation. This novel was nothing short of amazing.
The Giver is entertaining. It makes you think about moral and philosophical questions. However I  feel that many of the characters' personalities were not explored enough. The ending also left too  many  loose ends and did not give enough closure.
This is the first book they made me read when I was in middle school. I thought it was kind of weird especially the way it ended. I didn't like the characters that much either. I thought the movie was better but not much better. It was weird too.
"I read this book over a couple days during my train commute and then finished it over the weekend. I literally had a hard time putting it down. I would recommend it to anyone interested in sci-fi, fantasy, futurist, or even human social analysis."
"when i heard reviews about this book i thought it would be deep, exciting, and leave you thinking, as all great books do. but when i read this it was short, leaves you hanging, and thiugh nicely writen, is rather boaring and very predictable"
"Just lucky I guess,I have  been happily Silo addicted but must admit that I had grown weary of such short reads.No disappointment here,I was fully fed thank you so very much. This book should be a required read for all government law makers."
"I loved reading this book. Lois Lowry is a magnificent writer & I only wished that the story were longer. A ""must read"" for middle school students. The story would undoubtedly, conjure up critical thinking and inquiry among students!"
"This book really inspired my sixth grade readers. They liked it so much we decided as a class to read all the books in the series. It is quite thought-provoking, yet written without details some younger readers would not be ready to discuss."
"A great little short read for all ages. While reading, I was thinking ""okay...okay...okay..."" and after finishing, I thought ""Wow"" and couldn't stop thinking about the ending. I encourage any and all who enjoy a good story to read this book."
this book was very short. it was heart felt though. I enjoyed it a bunch. It was sad that they would kill the old and the infants. But I guess they didn't know any better. I would recommend this book to people who like system like community.
I read this book because it was required reading for my daughter entering sixth grade and I wanted to see what the school was giving her.  I was very impressed.  This book is really thought provoking and interesting.  I couldn't put it down.
"This was such a good book!  I never thought it would be that hard to take a break from reading it.  The ending wasn't what I expected, but I think it was a good way to end it. Maybe a sequel? I hope!  I would definitely  recommend this book!"
"This was a great book. It was a little confusing in the beginning because I didn't understand why they didn't have sunshine or the other things Jonas saw in the memories. I figured it out when The Giver started talking about Samness. The only thing I didn't  really like about the book was the end. It just ended without telling what happend to him. He was just sitting there. I think there should be an epilogue or a sequel. (if there already is a sequel I have never heard of it)I don't think this book would have been good in first person because it would be like Jonas is telling the story. I don't think the book would be  good in present tense either because it just wouldn't make sense.I like how it doesn't explain a lot about what happends in between 12 and 13. It doesn't need to because The Giver is just basically giving him memories. Anything else that happends (if it's important) is said. This is a great book and I recomend it for all children, young adults and adults who can read. If you are one of these people, READ IT!Doris"
"I read this book ages ago, and promptly forgot about it. I had to read it again for class, and debated between just the book I needed or the entire series in the omnibus. I wish I would have gone with the omnibus, because I loved this book!"
"Ok, I didn't know this even existed until I saw the movie trailer. I was determined to read the book before the movie came out. I absolutely fell in love with this story! It's one of my favorite reads this year! I'd read it again and again!"
"A futuristic ideal world, no decisions, no crime, no emotions, perfect weather, one dissillusioned child and adult throw a monkey wrench into it all.  I think the ending could have been carried a little further, but still an enjoyable read."
"I really love this book. The writing is amazing and I love the plot of it. I've always loved dystopians, and this is a fantastic example of one. All the characters were realistic and well developed. Overall, I just really enjoyed this book."
I had to read this in 7th grade and lived it then. I heard they are turning it in to a movie so decided to read it again. 17 yrs later I still live it. It gives a different perspective on how the world could be and what we take for granted.
"I am 13 years old. I loved the book. I dont read books for pleasure. I read them because I have to, but if I knew how good this bood was going to be I would not have been forced to read it. Instead I would have read on my own, for pleasure."
"Maybe it was meant to be a tremendous cliff hanger, but the end of the book left me unsatisfied. I could not put The Giver down! I desperately wanted to know what would happen. Now I feel like I cannot rest until I find out what's happens."
"I saw this as a kid and never gave much thought to it but now that I've read it I am glad I waited. A superb story told simply, but by the end I found myself wanting more. I will have to see the movie to find out what's different about it."
"The book was good, but I was honestly left wanting with the ending. There's such a strong storyline, but at the end it just seems to stop. That may have been the point that Lowry was trying to get across, but I guess I just wanted closure."
Read this when was younger and have always wanted to read the book again; so  I was happy when I found it for the Kindle. it really is a great book. you really sould read before the movie comes out this year if you haven't already done so.
It is interesting to see how this book deals with the diffrences in life between various people and how trying to destroy those differences we work so hard to cover up in our socieities actually destroy the foundation of a life well lived.
The people in this book are unaware of what things feellike. We know and take advantage of it but when Jonas is brought intothe world of feeling he is overwhelmed. He realizes now that his worldis wrong controlling peole and I agree with him.........
"Stumbled upon this book just by accident and instantly fell in love with it. Even though the thoughts aren't new and the theme has been around for a long time by now, the ambiance in this book is far from anything I have read. A classical must read!"
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is a mystery story of a communitys culture and practices that centers on no pain no gain. The book has simple language and would be comprehensive enough for young readers, but may not be a nice storyline for young readers."
"This is a great book.  The story centers on Jonas, a young boy with a special gift who lives in a world that has been stripped of emotion and how lives are altered and eyes are opened when emotions are introduced. A definite classic and a must read."
This book was a great book. The intensity and realism of the book made me want to read and read and read. There was something about the book that didn't make it so mickey mousy. I highly recommend this book to anyone who  wants to have a good laugh.
"Good story, but I think there was a little too much hype built up around it. I was a little disappointed with the end. I just expected a little more closure, but it does have a good message and an interesting story. I would like to read the others."
I really liked this book. It has the futuristic setting like the Hunger Games and Divergent. Although when I started reading into the second book it didn't mention Jonas or Gabriel like at all. That kind of upset me. Well the book itself was great!
I picked this book up for the intent to have a short light book for the holiday. To my surprise which gave it an extra star the flow of the book and the f a Brady storyline made for a quick complete read for one long sitting. I did not put it down.
"I loved this book.  But, when I think about my 30 year old daughter, who read this when she was 9, it upsets me.  I think this book is more appropriate for a teen.  I think this is too sophistocated for a younger child and can be quite frightening."
"Although this book is a kids' book, I found it very engaging. If you're looking for a great story without the time commitment of a thick novel, then this book would be a great pick. I was still thinking about the ending weeks after i'd finished it!"
i had this book on my wishlist for quite a while and now that i've read it i wished i had ordered it earlier. it's a wonderful look at rules and thinking outside the box.  i would imagine middle school kids would benefit from reading this.
I actually met her in 6th. grade when we were reading the book. She came in because I went to school with a child that she was the grandmother to. She is a very nice lady and this book is one of my personal favorites. I also got it signed!
"Very simply written yet extremely thought provoking. Should be a required read for middle or even elementary school.There are not many books I can compare it to, but To Kill a Mockingbird comes to mind. A universal lesson for all..."
"This book has a very clear theme about how important agency is in our lives. When everything is thought out for us, our thinking becomes dull and misguided. How grateful I am to have the power to choose for myself based on my experiences."
"Great shipping got here extremely fast. The book is great, I am 22 but I saw the preview on the movie decided to read the book, witch is much better than the movie, I would say any 9-11 year old should read this just to expand their mind."
This was an interesting tale and i enjoyed it. Its very unusual though but this makes it a good read. The ending i wasnt ready for...one of those that ends when you feel like there should be a few more pages to go but overall a good book.
This book is pretty good but a little confusing in the begging for me. I recommend this book to kids ages 10-13. Has a pretty good plot and solution. Teaches kids to not take things for granted and to live life the way it should be lived.
"This book was just ok to me. It took too long to discover what ""Release"" really meant. I also didn't care too much for the ending of the book. I also think this book is more suited for high school or adults, and not middle school."
"Recommended by a friend, I enjoyed this philosophical book,  akthough I found the ending puzzeling.  The idea of a utopia with no problems caused many problems was intersting.  It is not a must read, but an interesting read just the same."
"In my opinion, the Giver, by Lois Lowry, can be compared to such great works of literature as 1984, or Fahreinhheit 451.  I feel that it is a classic of the genre, or someday will be.  It is a remarkable book, and it deserves much praise."
Great book club book.  Good discussion areas.  For a YA book this really had the older adults talking.  Different approaches to the theme of the book.  Recommend this highly for book clubs.  If you have a teen in the family have them read it and give their opinion.
"I read ""The Giver"" by Lois Lowery  (Giver Quartet Book #1) not knowing what to expect. It was suggested by my Grandson whomis 15. I am 73 amd have to say I was entertained by it as much as he was. I will be buying and reading the rest of the series as well."
"I just finished the book. It will be discussed in my son's 6th grade English class, so I wanted to make sure I know what it is about. It is a thought provoking story, which I'm sure will lead to many questions from my son. I am looking forward seeing the movie too."
"My sisters came over and we were talking about books and they both recommended that I read this book. They read it in middle school and so I didn't have high expectations on the depth of this book, but it is profound and I am excited to read the rest of the series."
"A quick read.  Not hugely profound.  Definitely not as exciting as hunger games.  A story that teaches that free will, and pain are both necessary to truly experience and appreciate love and joy in life.  That's what I took from it.  Also a deep value for all life."
I started reading this book as I am a substitute and was subbing in a classroom that was reading this book. I liked what I had read so I had to buy the book so I could read the whole thing. I then also borrowed the books that follow in the series from that teacher.
I thought this quadrilogy started out strong. The first two books were very good. I'm glad the author tied up some loose ends in the third and fourth books but there could have been so much more depth in the last two books. I would definitely recommend this series.
and still love it as an adult. i wanted my step daughter to read it.. but i refer it as my copy so i can have my son read it when he is old enough. this is what i call a classic. and the small bit of wear on the book just makes it that more appealing for this book.
This book is a MUST read for all young adult readers.  It is thought  provoking and stimulates conversations.  It always amazes me how different  people percieve this book and the realization that some events actually  happen or could happen in our current society.
This is the one of the most amazing books I have ever read. The first time I read it I was in 7th grade and I have read it probably once every two years and each time I re-read it I find something new. I recommend this book to all high school and college students.
"Apperently I am the only person not to have read this book in junior high school...I was so intrigued, really has some amazing potential.  Wish they would have expanded on the content so much more. Left me annoyed at the end. Guess it's a perfect read for a pre-teen!"
I bought this book for my boyfriend (for Christmas to signify our second Christmas together) because it's favorite book. And he absolutely loved it. Little does he know yet that I wrote a secret message hidden in the book so it'll be a nice surprise once he reads it!
It is a review about our future society it shows some of our problems with our society. It is a great read I recomend this to anybody.  It is a book you can't put down after you start to read it.  You need to read this book it will put a differnt perspective on life.
"My granddaughter will read this book at school this year, and I look forward to the discussions that will accompany her reading.  This is a thought provoking book, that has much of today's questions of safety or fullness of experience.  I highly recommend this book."
"I read this like 15 years ago and loved it. When I saw they were making a movie of it, I decided I needed to reread it. I devoured it in one day and am currently working my way through the rest of the series. One of my all time favorites, highly recommend to anyone."
"I remember reading this book in sixth grade. I knew it was a good book and it has stuck with me through the years. Reading it again some 20 years later I have a different perspective.  This book is a book of hope, that even when you have nothing there is still hope."
"This book is so good, my teacher didn't want me to read it because we were going to read it as a class! But I secretly read it (she caught me reading it at school but just laughed) and it was so good! You should read this and its companions, too! Deserves its medal!"
"'The Giver' for me was a perfect book, and I've read it over 3 times.  The ideas of a utopian perfect society have been expressed by many authors, but Lois Lowry has created a vivid image to go along with the words.  'The Giver' will remain one of my favorite books."
"Well written but I wouldn't necessarily call it an original story as it is too reminiscent of other similar books. But, it's an interesting read, a warning of what happens when government tries to control too much of our lives and, thankfully the tenacity of youth."
"Okay, I'll admit that I heard the movie was coming out and scooped up a copy to read before going to the premiere. I think that the book was way better (as usual) and when I found out it was the beginning of a series I scooped them up as well and devoured them all!"
"A heart-wrenching story children need to read. It brings to our children who have it all, the meaning and understanding of those who are not perfect, those who do not have as much, and those who are still viable in their golden years."
I like this book a lot. Lois Lowry is truly a gifted author. And a good author.  By the way I am eleven years old and in 6th grade. I like this book better than number the stars which I read in fifth grade.  Four stars! Not five
"This book is a well done view into a ""perfect world"" scenario. What would we have to give up for it? What would we have to forget?The Giver raises interesting questions on what it means to be human, what it means to truly live."
I thought that this book was extremely thoughtful and very touching. I think I've read it at least 10 times since I was 7! It's a good story that really makes you look farther into life. I recommend it to open minded people!!READ IT!!
If you want to read one of the best books in your life this is it!  It tells how all the scary and wonderful truths about how the world really is. Jonah and the Giver will lead you in a twisted tale having you guess what happens next.
Many parts of this book reminded me of something like The Hunger Games/1989.... but a childlike feeling to it. I am looking forward to seeing the movie now as I have heard they had to add some things since the book was kind of short.
"I am not a fan of this popular book. Although the story does engage you, the content is disturbing and I find the ending weak. A ""non-ending"" that leaves you wondering what happened. Many love Lois Lowry and ""The Giver"", but not me."
We saw the movie so I was interested in how close the movie was to the book.  The book had more details about the community that I had missed in the movie. I was glad I had read it and I had more to consider about society afterwards.
"Is there a next book, because after reading this, you want more! a community that has been ripped af all feelings and a boy trying to do something...  If you saw the film - read the book.. and I'm certain it goes the other way round!"
"i remember reading this book in 7th grade and loving it - 13 years later, i feel the same. excellent, easy, entertaining, and thought provoking - i hope they continue to make this mandatory reading in schools for generations to come."
I'm a ten year old and this has been one of the very best books I've ever read! I really recommend this book! I thought it would be boring at first but it was one of the best and I'm not much of a reader READ THIS BOOK YOU GOTTA!!!! :-)
This was a very good book. I am not sure how the movie is going to top this book. I am hoping the 3rd book ties up the story of the first book. That was my only complaint. I did not like the fact the 2nd book did not continue The Giver.
"What a wonderful journey through the realities of human existence. This book frustrated me, challenged me, made me love humanity more than I thought possible. I enjoy every moment as I float down the river of life. Thank you Ms. Lowery."
"Ordered electronically. Fast delivery to my tablet. Great story, I remember it from Jr. High and just had to order and read it again. I think and hope this book it still mandatory reading for these young kids as it is a very great book."
"I thoroughly enjoyed this novel, as it brought me happiness as well as grief within its visually colorful scriptures.  Jonas, a boy of only twelve, discovers that he is destined to do more than what meets the naked eye, no pun intended.  His community, known for its equality, or rather today this can be labeled as communism, assigns Jonas to work as the keeper of memories, where he is to deal with the pain and strife that the rest of the population does not deal with.  This is supposedly done to ensure the happiness of his clan.  Ever so slowly Jonas realizes that his life had been shielded from reality.  Jonas had been lied to about what life was supposed to be like, and in this trap of bland grays, Jonas decided that he had to escape.I felt that Louis Lowery almost perfectly described this utopia in which Jonas resided.  Everything was explained in utmost detail to give everyone the distinct view of life through Jonas's eyes. Lowery's use of allusion to the topic of Communism was also a powerful topic that I felt was delicately embedded within the text.  Very craftily it was used to depict a community where everything was `provided and cared-for equally,' but not necessarily `perfect.'  I would recommend this book to any age group.  It is simple to read for any age, but what you get out of the book lies in how deeply you understand its levels.  ..."
Jonas lives where there is no war or harm.When he becomes a twelve and receives his job as a reciever he is confused and worried. Follow Jonas on an adventure as he recieves knowledge from the giver and goes on a troublesome adventure.
"After reading this book, I appreciate the world I live in even with the violence.  A world of sameness and being controlled is not what our world should ever be.  Our world today needs to find a way for all people to accept each other."
Book one I read because I want to see  how the movie does compared to the book.  The bookleaves you hanging until you get through book 4 so it will be interesting to see how they handlethe movie.  I enjoyed them thoroughly.
"The movie trailer looked vague, and the only reason I read book is simply because of the Summer Reading program at our school. But surprisingly it was such a good book and I get it now. It was so good it only took me 2 days to read it."
"It was an overall wonderful book about strength and determination...but also about how things just aren't the same without color and exciting events. there were some parts I was amazed and astonished at, so I give this book four stars."
"I purchased this book, not for myself, but to read allow to my pre-teen children.  I read the story when I was young, and thought it had some poignant lessons.  The e-book allows me to read it in the dark (just before bed) to them."
Hard to describe this book without giving it away. Suffice it to say it takes a boy's complacent mindset and turns it on its head. I would recommend it for older children or young adults although it's thought provoking for any age.
"We are reading the novel in class, and this recording is wonderful for those times the students need a break from their reading and mine.  The quality of the CD is great.  I am pleased to have this as a part of my teaching arsenal."
This book is about a 12 year old who becomes the reciever of memory.He recieve memories from an old man called  the giver. Soon the 12 year old decides to run away from his community after he see what horrible things goes on there.
"I like the Giver because it was interesting with the community compared to ours. It was also different when they made the rules like, sameness and no color or feelings but in real life God is the only one who can make the  changes."
"The book was very impacted with fun and exciting information that made you want to read more.  Although it was somewhat confusing, it just made it so you'd review the pages over and over again making the parts in the book  sink in."
"""It was a sound of rage and grief and it seemed never to end"". ""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry is a book about a boy named Jonas that has been living in his world always looking forward to the ""Ceremony of the Twelve"", but when he is called last instead of 19th and given a special job his life changes forever.  At the ceremony everybody was given a job.  Jonas was separated from his friends and family.  He was to receive all the information that was kept from the community.  Now Jonas has to hold all of the memories of war, hate, peace and death. Jonas was a true rescuer.  He was living in a community that had no connection to the outside world, and dealt with visions and thoughts no one in his society wanted to have.  Jonas could have not gone for his training and left the Giver with the horrible memories but he took in all of the horrible ones and the good ones.  Jonas played a very important role in the book.  He was not only the Receiver of Memories and the main character, but a righteous, friendly, giving person. This is a very important book to read if you like fiction books.  It is not a good Holocaust book unless you have a good imagination and can see how they live in a ghetto like situation.  You should read this book for fun but not if you are studying the Holocaust.  It is an excellent book for all ages."
"Really.  It ended in the middle of what I would consider the climax of the book.Like some other reviewers, I thought maybe my download was incomplete.I was thoroughly enjoying it until it ended so abruptly."
"No matter what you do, in life there are questions that are worth asking. What we are, who we are, what we do, how we feel... all these questions remain and stay with us. Some of those questions get solved in this beautiful novel."
"I would recommend this book to anyone with a heart that can read! It was required reading for my 6th grade class and I have read it again many times since! Great story and plot, round, dynamic characters and a lesson to be taught!"
"I loved this book! It reminds you of the things in life we are given that sometimes we take advantage of, while others have little to none of that thing in life. A wonderful story of a young boy's journey through life in his town."
A great book and a must read for young adults and adults. The meanings concealed within the pages of this book can spark endless discussions on life and what is really important in life. I hope to read the rest of the series soon.
"The Giver was a great book, couldn't put it down.  A disturbing futuristic story which made me examine society now and why we do what we do.  The books that followed however, were so boring, I couldn't even finish past book three."
"Initially engaging, I confess to being somewhat disappointed at the ending...a Christmas story? the sled of memory? There should be more to this, given that it appears to be such a favorite of many years. still, yes, worth a read."
"I found this to be a strange but interesting story.  It made me think about our society and how we've changed so much throughout history and how such a culture could evolve. This was an easy read and, as I said, thought provoking."
"I didn't realize that this is a book for young adults when I ordered it.  However, I enjoyed reading it and can see that is would be highly recommended reading for middle/high school.  The messages can be learned by any age group."
"An excellent story that really makes you think.  Lowry has created a world that is weirdly unique.  This book draws you in, and the ending is ambiguous enough to have the book haunt you.  It won the Newberry award for good reason."
This is a great story for the young and adults alike.  It was good enough to get me to buy the next two books after this one which I consider being really good.  Enjoyed the concept of the story and can't wait to see what happens.
"Obviously, this is a classic.  I just read it for the first time (I was 24 when it was first released!) & loved it.  The speech at the end of the book is Lowry's speech when accepting the Newbery Medal for the book - captivating!!"
"I thought this was a very interesting read.  This book reminded me of how things can be if some people get their way in making all things equal to everyone.  It was disturbing, but I can't wait to read the next book in the series."
"At first, like all books it was kind of boring, but then later on, it got really interesting and made me want to read on. I think the book had a great ending because everything seemed to just fall into place. READ IT READ IT READ IT!"
"The book gave me a lot of feeling, and understandment.  I feel the book had a lot of meaning.  It was hard to understand at first.  The characters were great.  The setting of the book made me feel that their community was very weird."
I did not like this book and I love to read a wide variety of materials. I would even say that this book has been over hyped.The writing itself was not bad the story was lacking in strength and depth. I would not recommend it.
"Read it before the movie, and was very impressed with both. The author was quite good at getting her point across, but the movie helped make it complete. Guess, I needed someone to clear up the ending in the book. Great, quick read."
"A must read book, makes you cherish your feelings you take for granted!  My wish is that they find Elsewhere and the world never shelters us so much that we can't appreciate the good from not feeling the pain of living and learning!"
"I work with an LD student in a middle school who had to read this book.  It was slow to hook, but when it does, boy it grabs you.  I couldn't stop thinking about it.  This book really makes you think.  I recommend this  book highly!"
"I've always heard of this book, but never read it. Now I have and it was interesting to believe you had no choices or feelings of any sort ever. Someone or some people controlled your every move and every thought. Interesting read."
"I absolutely loved this book! It made me uneasy at times at the thought of some of the imagery, but aside from that its kid friendly at the same time excitement seeking for a slightly older crowd as well! I completely recommend it!"
Very good book but the ending is very cut off and I think it should be more explained saying that he thought he heard music and then new paragraph it must have been an echo done with the book was not quite what I was expecting.....
Even though I had to read this book for a summer reading it is an amazing book. I can't even really explain how good it is.I can't wait for the movie to come out. I will always remember this book. It has changed my way of thinking.
We liked this book because it was a great mystery and action packed book especially when Jonas runs away from community and takes Gabriel and gives him warmth to stay alive.That's why we like this book and gave it five  thumbs up.
This a great book full of feeling and emotian. The charectors are well described and the plot is really good. The only part that's differant is its bizzare ending. This is a well written book and it's a great book for young adults
"Based upon other reviews I expected a narrative along the lines of to kill a mockingbird; instead I got something far less thought provoking. Really not sure how,why or who said this book changed their life but certainly not mine"
"The story is a bit hard to ""get into"" but soon you are hooked amd want to know what happens to Jonas and baby Gabriel.  It reminds me of a dark version Pleasantville where everyone is the same and live in a perfect world."
"This book was so amazing! I loved everything about it! The characters were great and really relatable. It was suspenseful, dark, and intriguing. I hope to read more by this author in the near future. Everyone is going to love it!"
"The Giver is a great book for everyone.  It has a total love story. There are a few twists, but that is what makes a great book.  The beginning was a little slow but it picked up pretty quickly.  Now I can not wait for the movie."
"I really enjoyed this book. It was not at all how I remembered it from my middle school days. It left me wanting a lot more, though. I finished it in a day and I wanted it to keep going. I thought it could have gone a lot deeper."
I did really like this book and I thought it was great but are there more books after this or is that it. I really hope there is mire because it is very well written but I still have some questions about it and the way it ends.:)
"I had no idea what to expect when I began, but then I couldn't put it down. I don't want to give away any details (I prefer to approach a book with room for surprise), but this book is DEFINITELY worth a read, no matter your age."
"Very soothing story, the beginning to middle was interesting and if you're like me as you were reading you were wondering, where is this going!  Well the last 20-30 pages were amazing, brings everything full circle...outstanding!"
"My adult reading group selected The Giver for one of our discussions this summer, otherwise I would never have read it.  Boy, am I glad I did!  It's a wonderful, thought-provoking book -- a terrific read.  I couldn't put it down."
"reading 'the giver' gives you the opportunity to think about the brutality of our own world. an ending which leaves space for speculation is the adequate one for such a story. many found that disappointing and disturbing, though."
"I love this book, and I think anyone else who reads it will love it too.It is a very exciting book. Something is always going on. There is a lot to learn about the community and that makes it very interesting. The plot is  great."
I first read the book in 6 grade.(My friend recommended it). I'm now 14 and still love it. I read it as often and as much as i can. It makes u think...this could be us. Surprisingly I dont read books but this is a wonderful book.
"What an incredible and deep book. I recommend this to people who are over 14 only, as there are some mature themes. However, this should open people's eyes to the fact that our own society could fall into this trap. Genius book."
"I enjoyed the book, but I only gave it four stars because I wish the ending had been a little different. I think there could have been a little more in the way of detail in the ending especially. But over all I enjoyed the book."
Although I enjoyed this book it wasn't until I saw the movie that truly understood the ending.  I felt it just end with me wanting more and thinking the next book would give me that.  Great read and would recommend it to anyone.
"A good book, but my frustration with it is that about halfway into it I was notified that I now reached the end of book one. The full first book of the series was cut in 2 and this second part is not available yet.  Frustrating!"
"Every good book although there were things that may seem inappropriate for children fourteen,and under they were very minimal and altogether the book was great I completely enjoyed it and I would recommend this book to anyone :D"
"This is a really interesting book. It makes think about life.I didn't like to read  much until I read The Giver. This is one of the best books for a kid to read. If you don't like to read, like me,I recommend this book.."
The only parts in the book that I did not like were the begining and end.  The begining was to confusing and I did not understand it until about chapter six. The ending was okay but that was not the way that I wanted it  to end.
"It is a very good book. It's about Jonas who was selected to be something very rare, he was selected to be the Receiver of Memory. He thought he lived in a utopia, a perfect world, until he found he paid a terrible price for it."
"I picked up this book when the movie came out (I typically enjoy a good book over any movie). The premise was interesting and the book flowed easily. This book, while unsettling, had me reading well into the night to finish it."
It is an excellent book  It takes a good imagination but then why do we read books but to relieve us from every day life and put us some place away from our normal problems. This author did a fantastic job of it.  Great talent.
"Well written, with very clear narrative. Characters were very well defined. I wasn't satisfied with the ending. However, I would recommend it to a young adult, or anyone. It's ending reminds me of the story, Wool by Hugh Howey."
This book is very interesting and I loved it! It's very like wanting to know more after you finish each chapter. The first three chapters are a little confusing but once u get pas  them your going to want to read the next book!
The Giver was an exceptional book. Lois Lowry does an excellent job of describing normal everyday things in new fascinating ways. The book starts out slow but once you read past the slow parts. It' a phenomenal book.  Jake
This book is a fanastic novel for anyone!!! It has a new waay of looking at things and I couldn't sleep the night I read it. It gives you a reall sense of live and makes you thankful for what you have! A fantastic read anyday!!
""" The Giver"" is one of the best reads ever full of metaphores, questions, and wonderful storytelling. This book gives you a reason to look at the world in a better way and give you a reason to appreciate what you have."
This was not a book for me. I do not like science fiction and this was close to it as far as I was concerned. It was a made up community of people like a cult with strict rules on how they live. The escape at the end was nice.
"Wonderful book series. I wasn't sure of the order  of these books in the quartet so I'm writing the order in this review. The Giver, Gathering Blue, Messenger, and Son. Great series, well written. Wish there were more to read."
I looked for Caldecott and Newberry Award winners and this book is the latter (see the gold seal). I was glad to order this as a gift for my grandson. I feel the kids like to have there own copy of a good book and this is one!
"This book was meant for teenagers, but, like Harry Potter, an adult could enjoy this book.  Once I started it, I couldn't put it down.  But be wary, it has a very dark side.  I would not give it to anyone under twelve to read."
"A great young adult book in itself, it is a fantastic dystopian novel creating a believable scape and society that reflects a world where choice and memories have been relinquished for safety and sameness. Book ends hopefully."
I loved the book.It's great how the author describes the memorys extremly well.Its my absoulut favorite book. I recommend to grades 6 and up.She put alot of details in her words. Its good also that jonas has alot of  expresion
I didn't like the ending. I guess I would buy the sequels if the story were more interesting. There's too much time spent on introducing the story and not enough on the story. I was expecting much better for a Newbery winner.
Capturing and thought provoking. Left me hanging for more! Trying to decide whether to push on and read the quartet tonight (hyperbole used to show enthusiasm) or if I should wait for my book club to maybe start the next one.
"Saw  the movie first and was glad I did. Usually the movie is not as good as the book. But.., if you see the movie first then read the book you will be able to visualize things in the book. Cant wait to read the rest of them!"
This story written for teens has a message for all who seek more than the status quo. A  young man is given knowledge of history and the pain and the joys of knowing life with choices. Will he choose comfort over uncertainty?
"It was enthralling. I had never read any of her work, but immediately went ahead and read the whole quartet. On the surface they're fantasies written for young teens, but underneath they're very adult. Sort of like Huck Finn."
"read this first, then watched the movie.  The book was better than the movie, by far, but I hated the ending.  It was an interesting and imaginative concept, although, I felt like it was a bit more for preteens than adults."
Read the book several years ago but enjoyed it even more this time. The power of the theme and message varies with where the reader is in life. Lois Lowry is my kind of writer: thought-provoking and exacting in development.
This book take you through different journey of hard life and teaches you never give up on your dream and stand tall against all odds.I will recommend to everybodyCa not wait to see the movie.Happy reading
"Quick, light entertaining read. I do feel some detail was lacking wand the storyline seemed a bit rushed. Overall, the book was just okay. I don't think I will finish the series, as the initial book was not what I expected."
"I remember loving this book the first time I read it in sixth grade.  The second time, as an adult, I loved it even more.  The third time, it was just as good....I'm assuming it will be the fourth time I read it as well. :)"
I enjoyed this for its suggestion of other ways of seeing the world around us and would especially recommend this to teens as they are beginning to see things with thier own eyes beyond whats been shaped by parents/teachers
Chose the rating because I liked the book and its subject meatterWas so good I read it in a dayThe book was quirky enought to keep me interestedBook is not good for young teenagerss.Better for adults
"To start out with, this book has a wonderful plot, wonderful story, and I'd recommend this book to everyone, although I'd especially recommend it to people who prefer fiction stories, more specifically in the Fantasy genre."
"If you don't enjoy thought provoking books, don't read this. To read it causes one to consider how we live our lives, what we would be willing to give up for contentment, and how our memories shape us and our surroundings."
"Very disappointed with this books ending. All the build up for a good climax, and then it fell extremely short. I turned the page expecting more and instead found a blank page staring back at me. Not worth the hype at all."
"My son loved this book, we will be picking the sequel up at the library today. It was suggested by a local librarian for fans of The Hunger Games and Divergent, and then it was conveniently assigned to his 5th grade class."
This story is so deep and thought provoking.  A must read for young adults and adults were everywhere.  The meaning hidden within the pages of this book can lead to endless discussions on life and what is really important.
"Like nothing I've read before, this book keeps you interested and wondering. It can be seen from a diversity of perceptions, it opens so many subjects while touching so many hearts. Greatly enjoyed and moving on to book 2."
This book was so good. This is the book I chose to do for my book report in fifth grade. Thank you for writing this... it is my most favorite book. I savored every chapter of this book just like it was one of the memories.
I didn't like a big giant annoying price tag right on the book cover (not a sticker but part of the cover.) It's kind of tacky but it's worth it for the price of this book. This book is amazing... a must read for all ages.
"This book is an excellent read. It was recommended to me by a friend at church and when I started reading, I couldn't put it down! Now I pass the recommendation on to everyone reading this review. Grab a copy for yourself!"
"An absolutely wonderful book. This book takes so many thingsgoing on in the world, and brings them almost ""secretly""into the book. This is one of the best books I have read. Very different I give it 5 plus stars."
I bought this book for my daughter because it was required summer reading for school. She hesitantly started to read the book and then couldn't put it down. So my 13 year old loved it and wants to read more in the series.
"I thought this book was a good read. And I do agree with the actor, that this is a good book for students to read as it will help them see the things that adults see.I would recommend this book to young adults and adults."
"I had read so many rave reviews for the book, I was thinking it was going to be terrific.  It was really good up until the end.  I didn't really like the ending.  I was hoping for more.  I will try her other books though."
I would never have read this if it hadn't been a selection for my book club.  I really enjoyed it.  It's a wonderfully told story that is thought provoking.  I've recommended it to several people since reading it.  I hope you enjoy it!
The giver was a really good book and was very interesting. It showed a different world where everything is the same. This book shows how differences can be good sometimes and that our world has lots of interesting and important things.
"The Giver is a challenging book, for upper elementary or middle school students.  This definitely makes the reader ""think"" and ponder a world completely different than the one we live in.  Good read for those kids who like a challenge!"
"When you think of life , be happy you have someone who loves you or when you love someone.When you think of life,be glad that you have someone to take care of you, a shoulder to cry on. Read this book and see things in a whole new way."
"When I picked up ""The Giver"", I couldn't put it down.  In a strange way it almost relates to the society today.  It's a really great book for kids in grades 6-7, but I recommend this book to anyone who has a good imagination."
The Giver was a very exciting book with a different point of view.  It teaches us that color doesn't matter.  Our class read this book and enjoyed it!! You will have fun reading it and we recommend this to anyone!! 7+8  grade at CTL!!!
Every once in a while you read a story that is so well crafted that you feel like you are part of the story.  This is written so well and really opens your eyes and makes you grateful for awareness and love.  Really enjoyed this read.
This is a wonderful.  I read this book to my class every year.  I never tire of it.  I wanted this gift edition for myself.  It is a beautiful hard bound book.  I really like Lois Lowry books.  The are great for kids and adults alike.
"This is one of the most engaging books I have read all year. I enthusiastically endorse it. At first, I was frustrated with the ending; but I have since decided that it was the best way for it to end (kind of a do-it-yourself ending)."
"What a wonderful read! After I started, I realized that I had read this book before and enjoyed it then just as much as I did now. Great reminder to get out of our routine, our typical thinking, and habits to improve, change and grow."
This book is just as good as the first time I read it in grade school. It touches dramatically on your imagination and keeps you asking for more. Would recommend this book to adults and children 4th grade up. Great Book!!
"The story was good. Not super amazing, but a quick easy read. I was a little disappointed on short the story was. I felt like the author could have dug a little deeper and I would have liked more resolution at the ending."
I recently read this book in class and I lost it. But I loved it so much I bought it on the kindle instead! There are quite a few plot twists and shocking near the end. I didn't get the ending but it was great nonetheless
"A very good book.  Jonas's world gives you a lot to think about what your world could be like.  It a good read that I would definetly recommend to someone, but when he gets to Elsewhere it could be a bit more descriptive."
"I can't say enough about how good this book is.  It's so amazing, it's hard to believe.  If you don't understand it, read it again.  I've read this book 3 times, and I'll probably read it a million more! Advice: READ  IT!"
The Giver was a great book. Lois Lowry really expressed herself in this  book. It makes me value life. I loved the ending. It was the best book I  ever read. She used many expressive words that really made the book great.
"Jonas awaits his new job and when he is elected as receiver of memeories, he is able to see into the past.  Now he knows his world isn't as perfect as he thought and it is up to him and the Giver to change their community"
"As always movies from great books lose the nuance that the author so carefully caresses into something unique and, at best, extraordinary. Kudos to the author, and to the reader who takes the time to discover the nuance."
This is not normally the type of book I like to read.............but could not put it down.  My kids read it inhigh school.........great book.........makes you think about the topic long after the book is finished.
"Now, I enjoyed this book the first time I read it, but with over a decade passing since then, it was like reading an entirely new story this time around.For my full review, visit: http://ladyinread.com/?p=330"
Such a great book! I don't read a lot...wish I did. This was easy to read and very hard for me to put down. I'm going to suggest my 13 year old read it. I think she would love it too. Very well written. Really loved it!
"While this is a young adult book and a fast read, everyone in our book group enjoyed it. There was a lot to discuss, including the perceptions we held as adults, compared to the way a younger person might view the book."
I really enjoyed this book and can't wait to start the next book in this series. I would recommend this book to anyone 13 and older. It grabbed my attention right from the start. I'm glad my sister recommended it to me.
I read this book for the first time as homework in 7th grade... this story has never left me. It is everything you could want in a book.... I've read it numerous time and it touches me every time.... I 100% recommend :D
Lois really gets you thinking about what life would be like if we were all the same. He creates an inspiring world in which every one is the same and you do not have to make any important decisions. I deeply enjoyed it.
"This a book everyone has to read. Young, and Old If your looking for a good book read this one. It's a book of supposely might happen in the future and it dosn't look to good, all I can say is that it's very  organized."
"Excellent read!  Read the book before seeing the movie.Some say the subject matter is repetitive, what with the Hunger Games series.  Don't forget that this little novel was written before the Hunger game series!"
"In scary I mean the entire premise. When choice is taken, socialism comes to kind. To exist where your every thought and movement is controlled and only perfection is allowed. Hmmmm sounds a little like Hitler history."
"This book is a very interesting look into an imagined future. I enjoyed it all the way until the end. Despite not liking the ending, I still give the book 5 stars. Overall a great read and I can't wait for the movie :)"
"I chose this book because my daughter, a middle school lit teacher, was always raving about it.  She piqued my curiosity and I wasn't disappointed. I believe I read it in 1 day!  I would recommend it to about everyone."
"I read The Giver and the ideas of this book has remained with me (I am now in 11th grade).  A hauntingly tragic story, it makes you think about the price of a completly peaceful society. This book is amazing and I recommend it to everyone"
"It was a great quick read with unexpected ending.  Lowry does a good job of describing Sameness and make you appreciate that we do live in a world of color, feelings (good & bad), and variety and richness of different cultures and races."
"This is a story made a serious impression on me.  I read it in elementary school (3 times, in fact) and I still reflect on it frequently, 20 years later.  Now that I have children of my own, this book is definitely going on the bookcase."
"The story was great, but I was expecting more illustrations since I paid $5 more for the ILLUSTRATED edition. For the 5 or so illustrations you get, you're better off just buying the regular version of the book. Still a good read though."
"Lowry brilliantly challenges Sameness and a human tendency to overly protect people from risk and pain, from feeling different or outcast...in the end this leads to a bland life hardly worth living.  Risk, live and love fully and deeply!"
"This is the fourth time I have read this book and it just becomes more and more compelling to me!  I am desperate to share this journey with my children-but when my fourth grader figured out the meaning of ""release"" she was done!"
I read this book a year ago. I read it in school and everyone seemed to hate it but i dont know why because i thought it was a good book with a very good plot. It is a place of sameness and one of the most creative book i've read so far.
"i dont read very often, but i took the time to read this one. i absolutely loved it. if you are into science-fiction you will enjoy this. i still to this day read, and re-read this book. it is possibly my favorite book i  have ever read."
I really really liked this book.  There has been only a few books that have touched me in a way that this book did.  I thought that the author has a wonderful creative imagination and I would have never thought of it in a  million years.
"I can't believe I have not previously read Lois Lowery's books before. This story held me from beginning to end. It is both chilling and uplifting - the best kind of story. Highly recommend, both for middle schoolers and grownups alike."
I had to read this novel for my Pre- AP Lang. class. It was an ok book but sometimes it  was boring maybe it's because I like action. Well it's got a nice ending  anyway! Hope you will enjoy The Giver. Keep Reading - Mandi :)
Most people would think this another science fiction like Hunger Games or divergent but that's where you are wrong. This book makes you love the characters and find the story very charming. I give the Giver 5 out of 5 stars.
"Extremely good book, good for young adult readers as they begin to face the problems of the world, and also their immediate surroundings . . . the idealism of youth is evident, even as they face the necessities of adulthood."
I loved the way the author brings the idea of memories as something one could literally share. There is a creepiness to the Sameness that Jonas experiences that helps one appreciate the craziness and uniqueness of our world.
The giver grabbed me immediately. I loved the excitement Jonas expresses as he learns of elsewhere. I am however disappointed in the ending of the book. What happens to Jonas and Gab? What happens to the village of sameness?
"This was an easy read, but the ideas stayed with me for days. I especially like the copy of her Newberry acceptance speech at the end, where she talked about how the book came into being. I would definitely read more by her."
"I read this not to long ago and it made me hungry for more. A must read for anyone as long as you can take death and unimaginable rules.I will not give out any spoilers. Read for yourself, you will NOT regret it."
"If you grew up reading The Chronicles of Narnia series, you will love this book.It's based on a created utopia, where you are destined to live as you are told, but I wont go any further, please read the book. I loved it."
"It was a very well written book. Very emotional, and can be hard to understand at times. As someone who usually speed reads, I can say I actually took my time with this book. Interested in reading the other books. 4/5 Stars"
This book has a long drawn out beginning but becomes interesting quickly.  I was disappointed with the ending but pleased as well.  This is a good easy read and allowed me to think of the world in a new way when I was done.
The book is worth reading because it has excitement and mysterious. It can inspire the readers who grew up learning that everything is perfect while it is supposed not to be. The age does not matter only if you have courage to face challenges.
This book was one of my favorite books.  It kept me on the edge of my seat the entire way through.  It is about a boy and what happens to him when he receives the most important job in the tower.  If I recommend any book it  would be this one.
"My name is Freddie and i am an eighth grader. I just finished reading this book. In the beginning the book was great, and towards the middle I couldn't put it down. But the last three chapters were boring and the ending could have been better."
"Easy read, the movie is a little differently but the jest of the book in present. The only big problem i see, people who are taking care of ""elsewhere must know what they are doing"" why do they stay quiet? A book for great discussion!"
This is an amazing book and it keeps you on the edge of your seat. This book definitely deserves this Newbury medal and I love this author I have already read another book by her but I can't remember what it was called I love her work though!
"This is the second time I have read this book.  I liked it the first time, in the 4th grade, but the second time, in the 7th, I absolutely loved it!!! Older teens with a love for mysterys, even though it's not a mystery, would  enjoy it more."
"""the giver"" is a really interesting and touching book, and it leaves you thinking about its themes and content long after you've read it. once you start reading it, you won't put it down until you've read the  whole thing. a keeper."
"The Giver is such a great book, It was hard to understand @ first, but once it all fell together, I couldn't get myself away from it, I recomend this book to all young readers, I personally don't like to read, but this  book was so consuming."
This is one of the best books I have ever read.  After you read it you come back to it again and to read it all over again.  Lois Lowry makes you think you are there in the community watching everything happen. I would  reccomend it to anyone
It was really good but it had some disturbing parts in the book. Like what release is. And it's completely different from the movie so don't hope it's the same. The book is better than the movie though. I hope they come out with book two :-)
"It kept my interest because I wanted to know more about this world an  how it worked.  Once Jonas begins to receive memories, it's interesting to see all the repressed memories that this community is missing out on."
"Lois Lowry does a great job of writing four very individual books that come together to make a great continuing story.  The Giver is one of my very favorite books of all time, so the 4 book set was so fun to read!!!"
"Although ,I am a senior citizen, I thought this book was thought provoking. I would especially recommend it for young adults. It would provoke interesting discussions for a Book Club of any age.It stirred my senses."
"The Giver is really a fascinating book.  I'm not really a strong reader, infact I hate reading, i am in the 7th grade and had to read it for language arts and loved it.  It really keeps you on the edge of your seat."
"This book was a rather quick read, only a few hours. The story is great, sameness should scare anyone. It was gripping the way the ending began, but disappointing how it felt like the ball was dropped. Needed more."
"I read The Giver when I was in 8th grade. It is very fasinating,the society they live in. At first I did not want to read but once you continue on and read of the lifestyle and community they have it's astonishing."
"I thought it was interesting that Lowry leaves the reader to imagine their own ending!!!!  Also, I thought that the subject seemed a little ""dark"" for middle-school kds. Enjoyable break from my usual genre."
"I REALLY enjoyed reading this book! Although the ending did leave me a bit confused and wanting more, I loved the premise and am happy to interpret the ending for myself as a reflection of the message of the story."
"This book is excellent.  I brought this book for my daughter's book report for school.  The best part was delivery, it arrived few days before the delivery date. Thank you again for your excellent customer service."
"Although this book is a young adult book, it is great for adult adults also. I believe if young teens read the book, it should be with adults available for discussion. Concepts presented are challenging for anyone."
"Son is 11 and this is req. reading for his gifted reading program.  He has sensory issues, (the pages of the hardcover book were a struggle for him).  So it was a no brainer to order it on his Kindle.  Great book."
I liked the decisions that Jonas makes and how hard he tried to save Gabriel and the ending was really cool. It made you think about what actually happened. I wish there was a sequel so I could know what happened.
The giver is a good book to read in your spar time.It does have some dull moments.It is about a twelve named Jonas that has to relize that his world is wrong.He can't learn to think untilhe meets some new people.
This book at first had a city in it like any other city but when you find out all the things the city is missing your hart brakes in two!The end I must of cried a puddle of tears cause it touched my hart so deply.
"I had to read this book for a book report, and my teacher didn't like it, but I thought I'd give it a try. I loved it!!!!! I read it threee times before I had to give my book report. I thought it was wonderful!!!!"
"I very much enjoyed this book, but I was unprepared for it to be the cliffhanger that it is!  I like these sort of twisted future stories.  All very Logan's Run-ish.  I will undoubtably finish the entire quartet."
First series since Harry Potter that I didn't want to end. I could have started The Giver over again as soon as I finished!  Will definitely read again!  Hope the movie stays true to the book!!!  Happy Reading!!!
"Meh, as post apocalyptic teen books go this one is ok but not that amazing.  The characters are flat and the ending makes no sense at all.  Not even a good lead up to a bad ending, a flat lead up to a bad ending."
"The language in this book seems targeted to young adults. But the themes are a complex view into society. The primary character, the giver, is not introduced until later in the book. The main character is heroic."
This should be required reading for everyone... not just middles schoolers. This story really makes you think about the importance of free will and the power of personal choices. I hope the movie doesn't ruin it!
"Lois Lowry is an excellent writer for children. The book is well written. The story creeps me out, though. But my 13 year old grandson loved it, so maybe I am just showing my age. The story is about a futuristic society  which will horrify some readers."
"I really enjoyed the premise and writing style in the book.  I was really looking forward to how this was all going to wrap up.  It didn't.  The ending was flat.  I finished the book and looked around for more.  Thinking to myself, ""Is this it?"""
I reread this as I wanted to refresh my memory before I see the movie.  I had read it many years ago as an 8th grade Language Arts teacher. I am in awe of Lois Lowery's writing style and skills. I highly recommend this for adolescents as well as adults.
Took me 2 days to read.  Couldn't put it down.  I was going to read it before seeing the movie (still haven't seen the movie).  It's a little shocking and predictable but it fits right in with the genre.  I'm going to be reading the next books as well.
"Interesting book, reminds me a bit of ""Anthem.""  I'd give it five stars if the four books were one - as is, it ends totally randomly, nothing is resolved - because the author turned one normal lenght book into four incomplete short stories ...."
"I loved the first book of this series. The characters were likable and the story held my interest throughout. Wonderfully written and fast paced. Stick with the series, it may not seem like they are all connected but just wait. you will enjoy them all."
Unfortunately this is the  second book I've read with this general genre. As with the first one I got bored and labored through to the semi climatic ending. Both of them have been mildly entertaining and I will not go there again.Dave Wolff
I never read books but my teacher showed the class this and at first it was boring but it got amazing and I stop reading. Everyone knows that I do bog read because I feel no need to but I absolutely love this book. I would tell anyone to read this book
"I think that the Giver was a thought provoking book. It made me think about what the world would be like with sameness and how lucky we are to have freedom. The ending was a little disappointing. But, it made me think. Overall, it was a very good book."
"This book struck me in a deep way. I'm not a heavy reader, but this is a rare book which  I thought about after I read it. I highly reccomend this book for anyone who is unsure of their place in life,is feeling lonely or left out. This book is amazing."
I am in my twenties and never read this when I was younger. I read it for a teacher preparation program. What a great book to introduce students to distopia. I would highly recommend it for both pleasure and study.
"The way that Lois Lowry put this book together is amazing.  Many of the words she used to describe our everyday words was spectacular.  I'm really not much of a science fiction reader, but this but I truly enjoyed."
I'm 8 and I read this book I thought it was pretty cool I liked the ending read this book!I gave it 5 stars for the action and adventure and kindnessI recommend this book to action and adventure lovers
I picked up this book because everyone at school was reading it. It's not my normal story line but I gave it a shot. It was really different and I fell in love with the characters  Can't wait to read the next one.
The first part of the book is interesting and provides a fascinating look at what a society like that would be like.  the ending is unsatisfying in my opinion and i don't think i will continue reading the quartet.
"Just saying but Lois Lowrys ""The Giver"" is a sad, beautiful story is an amazing book. The relationship between the Giver and Jonas develops as the story proceeds. Thank you Lois Lowry you made my day! :) :) :) :)."
"Interesting. Thought provoking. Sounds a warning. Just not my taste in books.Required reading in an 8th grade Language Arts class, where it becomes valuable tool for critical thinking and style appreciation."
wonderful book. I did not care for the ending. I wanted more.  highly recommend this book.I finished all 4 books in this series and HIGHLY recommend all four! The last books draws a close to the three stories.
"Idk about he ending, but the book was interesting. Definitely a commonly arising perspective of our society inferring we are moving toward stale and structured lives; complete boredom. It was an intertwining read."
I expected less due to fact it was young people's fiction.  I believe the story could have been fleshed out more but it was fast paced and to the point....giving the reader the end of their own choosing basically.
This was a great book for me. I loved it!!! I am personally not a huge book reader but this one hooked me. It is good for many ages but does have some hard words though. Overall I LOVE LOVE LOVED this book!!!!!!!
I got this book for an english class and it was very very good i loved it every minute of it i can still remember the story even after all these years...  book was brand new when i got it no problems what so ever
"A great book really and I would recommend to Many people the author put it together beautifully. Very interesting. At first I did not seem interested but later, once I read it. wow. There's no word to explain it."
"This book was great. I liked it because I like fantasy/in the future books.This book is aslo different in a way,it can be confusing but by the end you'll understand it.If you like fantasy you will love this book!"
This book was really great because it showed me a whole new world of rules. I also liked it because it had a totally new way of life in it. I just couldn't put it down. Read it and you will find that it is great.
I think that the giver deserves five stars because i enjoyed this novel jonas is given the job of the recever. and he is receving memories from the giver. i dont know how it ends because i havent finished it yet.
I think that the giver deserves five stars because i enjoyed this novel jonas is given the job of the recever. and he is receving memories from the giver. i dont know how it ends because i havent finished it yet.
"It tells the story of Jonas, a Twelve year old, and the place he lives, when Elevens turn Twelve, they get their career. Jonas, was the Receiver oif Memory, and an old man, he Giver, gave him memories of the past"
"Great Read.  It kept me turning pages.  A very unique look into the future.  Well written and thought provoking.  I almost gave it 5 stars, but I just wanted a better ending.  I felt like I was hanging a little."
"It's frightening to contrast the behavior and beliefs of the community, to the political strategies and political correctness beliefs of the U.S. today. Everyone should have, be and speak the same way - really??"
This has been one of my favorite books since I read it as a child. Yesterday I gave it to four of my students. Hope they enjoy it and can read it twenty years from now with as much reverence as I did just now.
"This is a great story about the perfect utopia, but is there such thing?It is as good as it is easy to read. It got short chapters and has a great story.I will recommend everyone to read this book."
This is a fantastic story. If you like a story that grabs you and holds on - this is it. I loved being in another world with different ideas and values and customs but most of this book challenged my thinking.
The giver is interesting if you like this scientific style... the givers end is very unsatisfied and one of those typical school books. You shouldn't translate every second word...that makes the book boring...
"I don't know how many times I've read this book; I have lost track.  I have about three copies, and I think it's one of the best books ever  written. I do not know how anyone could possibly not like this book."
"This is just a wonderful book to read.  You won't want to put it down untill you're finished with it.  It will make you think a lot about the community, and how a lot of people are nieve, but It's a good book!"
A great read for any age.  When choice and freedom are removed from society this is what you get.  An amazingly  thought-provoking read that made me all the more thankful for the freedoms that we enjoy today.
The giver is one of the best stories that I read as a child and has influenced me as an adult. The story is something that everyone should be acquainted with as it reflects ideas about conformity and society.
Pretty good read but it went really fast and didn't really seem to finish well. I could have used several more chapters. Maybe the other books pick up the slack but I probably won't take the time to find out.
I really enjoyed reading The Giver. It was different than anything else I have read. The characters were interesting and the plot mde you think what our lives would be like if this was true.  highlyhrecommend
This book shows what it is like in a world with everyonethe same and no choices. Jonas is chosen to be the Receiverand discovers the pain and joy of the earlier years. It is avery good and inspiring book.
"This is a great book that I liked a lot, infact I have read it more then one time. Each time it gets better and better. It has a childish appeal in the type of writing I like. You will enjoy this book too. Just try it."
"When first starting I thought this seems intriguing and interesting and would be hard to write.  Then as I kept plodding through it it started getting silly, trite, unbelievable.  And ended dumb.  Waste of a few hours"
The book is simply amazing and takes you to a place where it is shown how security is sacrificed for freedom. It reminds us how fragile life is when it is looked at from the eyes of security alone. Highly recommended.
"I thought this book was very well done.  It presents a unique Utopian society. I was shocked to find out towards the end how this particular society controls it's population. For young readers, it would be disturbing."
I chose this rating because its a book that really makes you think. however it does have sad points and does sometimes feel confusing. however I would recommend this if you are really looking for something deep.
"Great reading while it lasted, but the book was too short.  I was disappointed in the ending.  Then I started Book #2 in the series assuming it would pick up where Giver left off, but no, a completely different story."
"Somewhat in the vein of the Divergent stories. Lacked the drama and punch of the Hunger Games. Was somewhat thought provoking. It made you think abouit the value of life, human or animal and what adds meaning to life."
"This is a wonderful book for kids and adults alike. I read it when I was 11 and loved it, but read it again recently at 21 and it's even better. Buy this book for your kids and make sure you read it when they're done!"
Okay so the book was slow and just was to predictable. I always just wanted to fall asleep while reading it. It was basically about a boy in a all perfect society with a lot of secrets. I wouldn't waste a dime on this
"I know a lot of people like this book but I hated the ending, I don't like endings that leave you wondering what is going on. The story was good, could have gone into the characters more, it was rather short."
Really interesting book that I couldn't sot reading and read in record time. Something about this book that brought up my own memories as if the giver were giving them back to me about my old love of reading.
Could not put this one down.  There's three more in the series.  Go ahead and order all four.  They are all amazing. I was frustrated that I had to wait on the other three since I didn't get them all at once.
"I absolutely love this novel, even as a 26 year old adult. I first read this book in sixth grade and it has captivated me ever since. Every child should be gifted the opportunity to read this book as well!!!!"
I believe the Giver was trying to show that a perfect community is not perfect.  They are hidden from so much that they don't know the truth.  Jonas is just the person to find the truth.  It was a great book!
The Giver was an outstanding book.  The characters were well described and the plot was well written.  This book keeps you reading and you never want to stop.  This was one of the best books I have ever read!
This is a very interesting story that I thoroughly enjoyed reading... I am not able to 5 star it however because the ending felt very unfinished; there were too many unanswered questions for my satisfaction.
Why didn't I read this book sooner?!?!? This is one of those books that should be on a required reading list for schools. It was a quick and enjoyable read. Looking forward to reading the rest of the series.
"One of my favorite books. I have read it several times. Even though it's an elementary reading level book, I think the message is great at any age. I re-read it (at 29) and had even more appreciation for it."
"A great, fast read!  Such a great story.  The ending was a little disappointing until I realized that there is a series of books in this story.  Looking forward to reading the rest of the books in the seris."
While I wish the story itself was longer The Giver provides a unique outlook abit bleak future. Seeing Jonas begin to feel and see the world throughout the book was a treat. Novels like this make you think about such wonders we take for granted.
"Required reading in many middle / intermediate schools.  An excellent approach to open minded-ness, with a clear account of the advantages & disadvantage.  Children and adults can benefit from this well-written tale, with so many original ideas."
"The book starts off great,  it makes u reflect on life, question how things are and how u would like it to be. I was a little upset with the ending but I can see how it helps the reader think deeper. I also wondered about the giver and his plan."
"The Giver, by Lois Lowry is an exiting original that will capture your heart and make you think about what life really is.  It is beutifully written in imaginattive detail.  Once you pick this book up you will never  put it down untill its done."
"The Giver was, in my opinion, a fairly good book. The storyline was good and Lois Lowry did a very good jod of portraying Jonas's fellings throught the book. The only thing I didn't understand was the ending. Overall though this was a good book."
"Terrible book...infanticide, extreme punishments and pedophile type imagery with the dude rubbing the boy on his bed all the time.  No WONDER schools have banned it in the past.  It stinks!  Why they had them read it this year...I have NO IDEA!"
"A brilliant story. A story that makes you appreciate so many things that are taken for granted everyday. Simple things, magnificent things; family, love, feelings. Lois Lowry has created a world in this book which I hope never comes to pass...."
"I read The Giver shortly after it was first published. Now, twenty years later, the movie was released, so I read it again.  A great story with much opportunity for reflection on our own society.  I enjoyed it even better than my first reading."
"Even though this book was written for young adults, I found it to be a fascinating read and found much to ponder as I read about such a sterile society. I liked it enough to buy the next three in the series and wish there was another to follow!"
The book arrived right on time (2 day shipping) and was in perfect mint condition when I opened it. This was one of my all-time favorite books as a kid and I looked forward to re-reading it now that I have the other two books in the trilogy! :)
For me; the Giver was truly a thought provoking experience. It made me take another look at how we live our lives and would sameness be bearable if one never knew any other way. Things that make u go hmmmmm
This is definetely a psicilogical thriller. It toys with the thought of how low humans will go to escaoe what they thought was an even lower future. This is definetly one of the best books I have ever read.
"I first read this book in 4th grade where it immediately became my favorite, and still is. It is one of most thought provoking  novels that I've read. Every few pages i would have to just stop...and wonder."
"The Giver is good literature based on feelings, descriptions, and interesting details. The Giver was full with feelings because it tell us about love. In Jonas's community there are no feelings and the only people that can feel feelings is Jonas, The Giver, and Gabreil.  Love was mention when The Giver hugged him and sayed, ""I love you Jonas"".  Next, The Giver was full with descriptions. They did a lot of explaining and describing in chapter 14. In chapter 14, Jonas crashed and got hurt badly. When he crashed, I read "" It was as if a hatchet lay, lodged in his leg, slicing through each nerve with a hot blade"" and also it said "" he vomited onto the frozen snow. Blood dripped from his face into the vomit"". The last reason why The Giver had good literature was because it had interesting details. There were two important and interesting details and they were that there was sameness in the community and that only 3 people can see colors. The 3 people are Jonas, The Giver, and probably Gabriel too. The Giver was a good piece of literature because it was full of feelings, full of descriptions, and full interesting details."
"First of all, I love this book. Lois Lowry puts a new perspective on how we live in our current society and how it could be. It is definitely eye-opening.I would definitely recommend this book to EVERYONE."
"I absolutely loved this series. Any one of the four would be great as stand-alone stories but when the stories are woven together, they were like a beautiful, mosaic, but #3 is by far the best of the four."
"Great, great book. I read this before the movie came out. Never saw the movie. This book is meant for YA (I think?), but it is a great read as an adult. It is short and sweet, as well as thought-provoking."
"Been seeing the ads for the movie just released. I like to read the book before seeing the movie. The book was interesting, a little strange but thought-prevoking. Ending could have been a little stronger."
"The premis in the book was interesting, however I was not pressed with the ending. I wld hate to think that something like the happenings in the book would or could happen. I think we are better than that."
"Very good book, it brought into light what could happen if a dystopian society tried to make everything perfect; which could cause a society that everyone is unaware of true joy, happiness, love, and pain."
"I loved how the story made you think. We, as people, are constantly trying to control ours and others lives. Should we? or let humanity be...either way there are consequences...good and bad. Very powerful."
"I started out reading this after my grandson told me about it and said I should read it, I was so glad I did.  It was well worth the time and money I hope all schools recommend these books to the students."
"My granddaughter turned me on to this very thought-provoking book.  I was amazed when I read it, and then turned around and gave it to another one of my granddaughters.  A great book is always on the move!"
My 5th grader was reading this book at school. I picked it up and could not put it down. Was not happy that he read it in 5th grade.  I believe this is middle school content.  Luckily it was over his head.
I so enjoyed this book and the rest in the series. I always read books that I intend to give to my grandchildren and this one was a winner. I love the lessons that it will teach them. All around good read.
I thought this book was great.  It prompted me to think about it often and was eerie when I considered the possibility of our world becoming more like the community in the book.  I plan to read the series.
"I thought it was the worst book in the whole wide world, but after I caught on I started to like it. After my teacher finished reading it he said to give it a grade 1-6 (1 being the worst) I gave it a six!"
I really enjoyed this unique book.  Jonas kept my attention throughout the book.  I felt as though I was receiving the memories with him.  Hooray for Jonas and his courage!  A must read for junior readers.
"I find that even though The Giver was writen for a younger audience, it  was very good.  It shows you just how lucky you really are, in a world of  freedom and choices. One of the better books I have read."
"The Giver is one of the best books I have ever read! It has a very good plot and a lot of suspence. Lois Lowry, the author, did a great job!  The Giver is about a boy named Jonas who lives in a ""perfect"" society. They have no emotions and never have to worry about being able to survive. The citizens have never had to experience pain, fear, or even love. Their lives are controlled and they can not even chose their spouses and jobs.  When Jonas turns twelve he is selected for an important job. With this job he has to experience memories and emotions of the past. He learns a lot from these and wants everyone to experience these feelings.  Finally, Jonas can't take it. He wants to be free of this colorless world he lives in. He wants to be part of a society where he is not ""controlled"". Jonas goes on a very dangerous mission benefiting him and his fellow citizens. Will he survive?  The Giver is especially a good read because it has no specific ending. You get to use your imagination and the facts you have been given to create your own ending. The Giver is definetly one of Lois Lowry's best books ever! All junior high student's should read this book."
Great read.  This is a very thought provoking distopian novel of what we would be willing to give up in other to build the perfect society.  I can't wait to read more of the series to see its progression.
"This is such a powerful book! I just love the whole premise and how it can stir the reader's imagination. Rather fascinating ""what if"" scenario is painted. Highly recommend to readers of all ages!"
"I remember reading this book in the eighth grade and it was outstanding! Then when graduated high school, I found out that the movie was coming out, I knew that I had to re-read it and it was even better!"
"I was nervous to read this book because it's not my style, but after hearing it would be a movie I decided to. I don't regret it! It was a great book that reminded me of 1984, but a lot simpler of a read."
"This is a great story with twists and turns that make students gasp. As I am a teacher, I recommend this book if you are looking for subject matter that students can debate and write opinion papers about."
"it was going good, but the ending was predictable 2/3 of the way through then it didn't come because it ended so abrubtly. maybe i just don't like books that end like this, but i wouldn't reccomend this."
This is an extraordinary book that will hold your interest long past reading it. So well written that you see all of the people and places; there is a part of you that will be with the characters forever.
"Sometimes simple writing resonates with me the most. I would recommend this book to both young and old, married or unmarried, a parent or childless...as wisdom lies within for any one of us to receive it."
Lowis Lowry is magnificent. She makes her world really come true. She makes you think about the possibilities of genetic engineering. This  is definitly worth a read at 180 pgs. It's fast and interesting.
The Giver is 1984 for young readers. Lois Lowery gives a comprehensive description of the life that Jonas leads.  It allows young adults to question our society's strengths and weaknesses! EXCELENT!!!
"Lois Lorry does not give us perfect society.  She gives us a society of every day people who are very lazy.  I read this book in eight grade and I really didn't understand it, but now that I have read it again I totally understand it.  The book is about a perfect world. Everyone is happy.  There are no feelings of any kind. No one has a name they have numbers.  Lois Lowry has a strange imagination.  I know I would have never thought of  something of this sort.  I think that this book will please a lot of  people.  I also like how the mood would change from happy, to sad, to  exciting.  I really liked when Jonas gets his memory about snow, and how he  had so much fun.  I also liked how he wanted everyone to have those  memories that he had received.  I thought that it was neat that they didn't  have birth mothers. They didn't get their bikes till they were age 8.  It  was neat in the way that one person had all the memories and no one ever  knew what happened in the past.  However the end was really different.  I  never would have thought that The Giver would have ended like it did.  I  would give this book three stars, because it's good."
"I was captured by this book in the very beginning. I am not sure how I missed reading this book when I was a kid, but I'm glad I found it now. It was an extremely good story and very thought provoking."
Wow - talk about a page turner!!  Excellent read and what a concept for a story - kept me riveted and my only regret is that I finished it too fast.  Didn't want the story to end.  Highly recommend it.
"Ahead of its time. Preceded Hunger Games with its futuristic view of society. Great for adults (quick read), and appropriate for teens and tweens. Thought provoking. Lois Lowry is a master storyteller!"
"I bought this just to re-read it before the movie comes out, haven't read it since middle school and figured 10 years deserved a refresher.not much to type about it, don't want to spoil anything."
"I thought at first that this book would be boring, but as I continued to read on, everything changed for me. I became speechless. I fell in love with this book. Once again Lois Lowry gas done it again."
"I first read this book in my 8th grade reading class, many years have passed since then but I still found it enjoyable. A true story of a hero, the ending leaves much wanting, so read the whole series!"
"Well, this was an excellent read. No doing about it, this was a good story. But the end comes too quick, too fast. it seemed like the author just wanted to wrap it up. but i still recommend this book."
This book opened up your mind and made you think.  It is a truly original book.  I couldn't put it down. It's like a mystery putting everything together.  After reading it you look at life differently.
"Great, brought me back to those elementary school days when this book would just mind f me! Still does mind f me, but in different ways that make me question my society and my place in it + my actions"
We love this as a family game because we are creative and fun-loving people. One of the pages in the notebook had no clear sealer on it so we added clear shelf paper which seemed to solve the problem.
"Really didn't like it at all. Book felt very shallow and the story just dropped off at the end, as if the page count was more important than the story. I'm glad I read it, so I didn't go to the movie."
"This is the best book I've read sinceInsomnia Princess: Jaquary D. Moton (The Task At Hand Book 1)I just love love love Sci Fi! You gotta get this book, can't wait for the movie!"
"How did it possibly take me this long to read this book?  This is a must read.  And a must read again.  You will want to underline, highlight and dog-ear pages. Take my word, don't wait for the movie!"
"i read The Giver a few months ago when my son was only a 6 months old and it killed me.  Not only that, it continued to kill me for MANY months later and is not that not what a good book is all about?"
I dislike the ending of the book. I would have liked to seen what happens next and I think a sequal should be made showing what happens to Jonas's Community and what also happens to Jonas and Gabriel.
"This was a good book, but slightly disturbing at times. The end is suspenseful. This book is full of suprises, but they are sometimes given away by foreshadows... but overall, it's a pretty good book!"
"This book is one of my all time favorites. It has got to be one of the best books of all time. Yes I'm being sappy, but The Giver shows people that yes there is pain in life, but look at all you have!"
this is a great book i really dont like to read books but this one i really like it caught my attention and i loved it the only thing is i would love if she can make another book and make it a series
I am excited to discuss this book with my classes in the fall. It was assigned as required reading for the summer and I am looking forward to reading the ideas for an ending that the students create.
I really liked this book.  I thought it was interesting and it never got boring.  I like how in the ending it leaves you hanging.  I recomend this book to anyone who likes fitional books with a catchy end...
I think after reading this book I had a whole new look on things. I really liked this book. A person can feel like an outcast all there life but in the end God or a higher power has a plan for you to fallow.
This book is really a good book for 11+. I am 0+ and I like imaganary worlds. This deffintly is an imaginry world not to mention an almost perfect world. This is a very fun book and one of my favorite books.
This book is perhaps one of my favorite books! I would recommend this book to anyone regardless if that individual likes to read because once they start to read this one it is difficult to put it back down.
"The Giver is a quiet book but a wonderful story - a page turner!! The book is futuristic yet realistic when we think about how we try to escape life's challenges. I enjoyed it, hated to turn the last page -"
Read this in Junior High and wanted a quick refresher since the movie is coming out. It was worth the read. I am currently reading the other books. Its definitely a lot more interesting now that I am older.
I read this when I was younger and have been trying to find stuff for my 9 year old to not be bored with. Just read it again and it stood the test of time. Fingers crossed it will entertain my daughter too!
Well written. Easy flowing and reading.  The society that was created was easy to imagine that would be our future. I would have liked a more detailed ending but I suppose it leaves more to the imagination.
"Interesting book. Worth reading. I had heard it was one of the first dystopian books written so I wanted to read it. It has just enough to keep me interested in reading it, but for me it wasn't a wow! Book."
"this book is so original and a good story that shows us how it would be is we were in such a controlled environment, teaches us a lesson for the future but such a good story I would recommend this to anyone"
As one of the top 100 books to read in a lifetime I found this book thought provoking.  It is a quick read that will certainly make you think. I probably would not have read it if it was not on list.
This was billed as a quartet and I'd heard it was a trilogy. Very good read with subtle symbolism. But what happened to the other parts of the story? It should have been in this bundle in my opinion.
"Beautifully written and thought provoking. Yes, our world has annoyances, inconveniences, and pain...but without those things we would not have choices, beauty, or love. The Giver reminds us of that."
"The way Lois Lowry wrote this book is great. It is pretty confusing at first, but it clears up. It is weard how they think of our world and we think of theirs. This book should be a must for readers."
This is an excellent book that pictures another side to our world.  I'm glad schools are letting students read the book because it's a great way to interpret life.  I recommend this book to everyone!
"It was def well written,but I knew what was going to happen. I was a little disappointed in the end seeing as how I only read the giver and didn't realize there were 3 more books to read afterwards."
"This book I like... If we choose black and white life, there is dull, boring life! Colorful life give us to challenge or deal with happiness, sad, terrible, etc... We learn a lot thru all challenge."
"First book I've read in my adult life. The imagery was vague, but the plot was well defined. I can see why this would blow the minds off a 4th grader's neck. Follow up review will be my book report."
"If there was a true ending, I would gladly rate The Giver 5 stars.  Everything was going well and then it was over.  The book gives you a lot to think about and the chapters flow.  Just wanted more."
"I really enjoyed this book until the end. It just seemed to stop. Like the writer ran out of time and couldn't finish. Other than that it was great, can't wait to see the adaptation in movie format,"
This book is amazing! I love how much detail is in the chapters and how release works Ben though I hate the idea of releasing an innocent child who makes mistakes as well as adults. Keep writing. Excellent work.
I remember reading this book years ago. I decided to buy it on my Kindle so that I could reread it and it was still as good as ever. It's a book that I think everyone should read at some point. An excellent read
My 12 year old grand daughter told me to read this and I did.Imaginative and frightening in it's details.Beautifully written and I just wish Lois Lowry would write a sequel.What happened next?
is it a new elsewhere? is it their home with the influx or memories? a parallel universe? or is it telling us life has no meaning without our history and our future.  I believe the colors and feelings are life.
My grandson needed this book for an English Literature class.  He said it was a very interesting book.  He enjoyed reading it and said he would recommend it to anyone who needed a book for a reading assignment.
This book was loaned to me by a friend and I loved it. It was a wonderful story with an ending that keeps you wondering. I loved going on the journey and the entire concept intrigued me. Definately a must read!
"The Giver is a spectacular book written by Lois Lowry. With every new chapter, comes another cliff hanger. If te suspence doesn't kill you,  the ending will. So don't let me tell you about it! Read it yourself!"
The Giver was a book that shows there is no such thing as a perfect world.  It has a great moral and a great concept.  I'd reccomend it to anyone.  I am in sixth grade and read it as a school book.  It's great!
"I read this book in one sitting.  I could not put it down.  Defininitly one of, if not the best fantasy book I've ever read.  It's exciting but has a good morale, I reccomened it to teenagers like me and adults"
"If your child reads this book and is disturbed by the content, experiences nightmares or complains that the content is depressing, then I am impressed as this book did nothing for me that hadn't already been done better by Aldous Huxley in his poignant but too-often-banned novel Brave New World.  That any person believes that a book this affecting should be banned is reflective of the very problems in society that Lowry tries so hard to illuminate in this novel.  If this is what she does, then we need more of this.As someone who had the privilege to study Huxley's novel in-depth both in high school and college, however, this reads as nothing more than a gloss to a much greater work.  The character of Jonas may be sort-of likeable, and the author's intentions may be admirable, but I can say nothing better about this book.  She tries.  She tries so hard.  But even in the novel's most unsettling scene (spoiler) -- that of infanticide -- she fails to generate the kind of pathos inspired by even the dullest moment in Brave New World.I read this with my senior English class because Brave New World is frowned upon, but I wish -- Oh! How I wish! -- that we could read Huxley's Masterpiece instead."
I absolutely love this book. It has always been one of my favorites. I was forced to read it for a class one time and was dreading it since it is not my normal choice of reading genres but the book captivates.
"Wonderful book, it took me a little time to get into, but once I did, could NOT put the book down. This book really gets you thinking, where would we be without our memories?  I am now reading the second book."
"My daughter had read it in middle school and recommended it to me.  I couldn't put it down, then loaned it.  Had to buy another copy so my husband could read.  It's a quick, thought-provoking read.  Very good."
Difficult story to read.  Almost too thought provoking. I actually put it down for a few days to decide if I wanted to finish it. I did and now I have it as a memory.  I have not decided if I would recommend .
but now I have to read the next 3. plus I don't think I like that this is a movie because it will have to end without closure as well. But I guess a like the suspense of wanting to know this why I like series.
"My son had to read this for school summer reading and could not put it down.  He loved it, told me all about it, and we had some great discussions about personal freedoms and how we use our gifts in the world."
"I loved the ideas in this book that though we think we can create a perfect society, it is yet our imperfections that allow us to feel the deep joy and love that we also experience with the hardships and pain."
"Lowry creates an interesting world with many moral conundrums, however, its was let down by the ending. I would have preferred it if it was a little longer, it seemed like there were many unanswered questions."
started this book as part of a book club. normally it would not be my type of book but...once I got reading I couldn't put it down. I was a very good book. I have already started the second book in the series.
"I love this book!  I love the whole series!  It is completely amazing.  I would recommend it to Middle Schoolers. The Giver is a great book for 6th graders because it is an easy read, yet still very enjoyable."
"I would recommend this book for all people, both young and old. To me the internet would represent the Giver while Jonas would represent any intelligent and brave person willing to look elsewhere."
"I had read this book once in 5th grade, but hadn't quite understood it. Now, that I am older, I have come to the realization that ""The Giver"" is breathtaking and heartbreakingly beautiful."
Wow! I love Lois Lowry and her writing. The Giver is a great book for all ages. I loved reading it as my school novel. So many details about Jonas's community and how it works. Definitely read it!
This book was a good read. The simplistic ideas were easy to read and understand. It left me wanting more of the story. I wanted to read about the Jonas being successful in his attempt for change.
"I absolutely LOVED this book!  I'd give it more stars if I could!  The ending is totally unique, but it's just perfect.  I wouldn't change a word of it.  A different ending would destroy the book."
"The Giver is about a boy that lives in a world that has no crime, no color, no sex, no difference. He, Johas, becomes the reciever of Meories. He learns the truth and painful lies about his world."
"I would like to start off by saying that I've never in my life read a book quite like this. I've read many kinds of books and this book is very unique.This story's main character is a boy names Jonas. Jonas is a smart boy and I liked his personality. Jonas lives in a community that is unlike any other; his community is under what they call Sameness. No color, no differences, no snow, etc. Such things would make it boring to live their. But, of course, no one knows of those things, so they're perfectly happy.There is one person though that knows about all the joyful and painful things of the normal world, the world they call Elsewhere. He is called The Giver and was chosen to hold all of the memories of the past that no longer exist in their community.Now, Jonas has been selected to become the next Giver, and he must face the difficulty and pain of receiving memories.The reason I only gave this book four stars instead of five was because of a weird and creepy ritual. You'll figure out what it is.If you're getting bored of normal fiction books, I would suggest to read The Giver."
"Well written. Easy to read.  Interesting and engaging. The ending is ambiguous,  so the reader can draw their own conclusions, but some people may not like that.  Overall,  I recommend The Giver!"
"We bought a hard cover copy and a paperback. The paperback was great, the hard cover had pictures in it. I tried to fold the pages that had pictures but that made all of the other pages fall out."
This book was amazing! As soon as I read the first line I knew that this book would be one of my favorite of all time! So congratulations to Lois Lowry for this O U T S T A N D I N G book!!!!!!!!
This book is great.  I have read it many times over the years.  It is one of my all-time favorite books.  The world Lowry creates is so believable and realistic I can see the future turning out that way.
The Giver was a book with a lot of twists and turns.  This book will leave you wanting more.  I thought this was a fantastic novel.  Jonas was a very realistic character.  I give this book five stars up.
"I really liked this book. The plot was so original that no one has even come close to having a similar plot. It made me appreciate discisions and memories, and the fact that the way we live is very free."
"book was great. it's a fast east read, large font and spaciously typed making the read even easier. story was enjoyable and highly recommended. book arrived in perfect condition and was shipped quickly."
The story as it unfolds is curious but intriguing. Jonas is smart and courageous. He learns quickly and one cannot help hoping that he succeeds in his quest. I'm looking forward to the next three books.
"This book is a great story, but there are also many sad parts. Everything works out in the end, so I guess that's better.I recommend this book to anyone who isn't sad when somebody dies in a book."
"Interesting concept, and well written.  At times it felt a little under developed, like it should have been twice as long with more development of the characters and relationships.  Well worth the read."
This young adult novel is the perfect book for people of all ages. I read it in elementary school and re-read it now in my twenties and was still blown away by this amazing story. I highly recommend it.
There are so many ways to interpret this book. I love that my imagination could take it anywhere. I felt all kinds of emotion as I read through this short fictional novel with very non-fictional pieces.
if someone asked me what book desereved to win  book award in my sleep i would say the giver and thn role over.  this book is the ideal book to read for someone who is starting o read more mature books.
"LOVED it, although... I would have given it 5 starts, but was disappointed that in order to know the whole story, you have to read all 4 books!  Which I did, and LOVED, but made it rather costly."
"I read this book not knowing she was a ""children's author"". It was an easy read but this book is for children and adults alike.  I already purchased the next book in the ""series""."
"The Giver by Louis Lowery is a great book.  The author brings the characters to life, and it feels as if you are really in Jonas's world.  It is a page turner, so I recomend everyone to read it!!"
"Finished it in half a day, couldn't put it down. Read it in grade school before but it was such a better book now that I hadn't been forced to read it. The end does leave me a bit empty however."
"Nicely written and engaging. Very interesting concept. Very tricky subject so I am not sure how it could be improved, but I still felt like something was missing from the book. Cool read though!"
"A good read once you get past the first chapter.  I was reluctant at first, but I'm glad I kept reading, even though I was disappointed in the ending.  A great story of perseverance and courage."
"Is the entire world on crack? I read this and simply cannot see why this book has been made into a movie.  It is brief, shallow, and juvenile. Maybe the second of the series provides more depth."
This book is one of those that will really make you stop and think about things that you may just take for granted.  It moves quickly but still lets you get to know that characters in the story.
"The Giver gave me much to think about. I wish it had been longer. It would definitely be useable in a classroom setting, but souls require students who have the capacity to engage a text deeply."
"I am writing a book where everything is set by the government. This book has been a real inspiration! I can't wait to read the rest of the series, and the last book is on my summer reading list."
Good book a real classic however the ending threw me for a loop and I was disappointed to find that the series never addressed the unknown...yet again that's what makes this a literary classic
"What a wonderful book. Lois Lowry explains things that even I see in such a way that I wish I could see it how Jonas sees it. This book does not get enough credit, it is truly an amazing read."
"Reminiscent of 1984, the Giver is about this utopia that holds many secrets. A society that doesn't feel and that has no memory of either pain or joy. A beautiful quest for truth and feelings."
"It was a really exciting and fun book, i enjoyed it very much but i just wish that Louis Lowry would have told us what happened when he got down the hill and what happened to him and the baby."
I really recamend you read this book but you would have to be 11+ because it is very hard to understand. But i relly loved it and i think you should order it if you are thinking about it!@!!!!
"I have read this book twice now, and have gotten different things from it. So much to think about! My adult book club had a great discussion, I would highly recommend it for other book clubs."
"""The Giver"" is fast-paced and enjoyable, and certainly makes you think. However, the book just ends, and you're left with a hundred questions that are never answered. I was left disappointed."
This was a very good book.  Ms. Lowry's writing is easy to read and compelling.  She touches a broad range of emotions that are felt by us all at one time or another...very good storytelling!
"This was good, almost like the other movies that are becoming so popular with societies and rules...  I did enjoy it and am glad I read it instead of watching Hollywood trying to remaster it."
"When I came to the end, I was really disappointed...but when I was told this was the first of several books, I changed my mind and felt like it was a great book!  Now I want to see the movie!"
"Really enjoyed this book. Lowery draws you in with enough detail and story and then leaves you wanting more. While it is more in the teen level of books and recommended by my middle schooler, it was a delightful read"
"The world Jona lived in was ver real to me.  Ms Lowery described it in a convincing way.  Watching the news last night, the Turkish town under attack, colorless and seemingly empty was too close to Lowry's portrayal."
kept me interested.  I have never read a book quite like this one.  I would not recommend this book to a child under the age of 13 (at least not my child).  I wasn't crazy about the ending... but it was a quick read.
"I had to read it in my 8th grade english class, which was a million years ago, but I remember it being the best book I've ever read in school, and everyone in my class loved it as well. You should definitely read it."
"This book has the feeling to get into your mind of what it is mlike to die, what you feel when someone dies.  It ios a great book to experince, that is why i like it,  it has been the second best book i've ever read."
"This book made you think about what would happen if the world around you was like this one.  The only thing I did not like was the ending, the not knowing what happens whether they live or die out there in the cold."
What a lovely yet disturbing read. I could so see a society like this growing out of the chaos that is our world now and to yearn for the days of old and color and yet love the safety of living a drugged ideal life.
"Had to put it down twice while reading it, but sure didn't want to stop! I've enjoyed recent books that try for a Utopian Society. The Giver fits right in there. I can't believe I waited this long to read this book!"
"My children did a unit on The Giver for homeschool. It easily suited all three reading levels (6th, 7th and 9th) and the units were engaging and easy to navigate. They want to read the sequels, which makes me happy."
It was a little different from what I expected but it did help me to see things from a different perspective. It was well written. We read and discussed the book in our church Readers Group and it was well received.
"The book was truly great, then all of a sudden it abruptly ended. I would like to know what happens to the boys. Is the last chapter just a dream or a hallucination?  It SERIOUSLY just ended."
This book was interesting. I would recommend this book to other 6th grade  students. It was very easy to follow and understand. I didn't think that I would like but it was actually very good.
"I had not read this book in school, but found it on a list of ""must reads"" recently.  An interesting storyline that kept me glued to the last page.  Can't wait to read more from this quartet."
"This was always one of my favorite books growing up. When I thought about it the other day, i knew I had to buy it. I found it very easy and loved it like it was the first time I had read it."
"i read this book for the first time when i was 7th or 8th grade, for school and found myself thinking about it later and reading it again as a college student, for fun. it is a wonderful book"
"Reading The GIver makes me feel like I am living in a utopia world.  While I was reading this book, I put myself into this pretenting that I am Jonas. I think everybody should read this book."
"Let me tell you this, this is a great book. I believe that the ending could have been better(and yes, i got it). A real great fantasy story. I loved it but it only gets a 4 dut to the ending."
"The Giver is a great book because it's a made up culture where you apply for a child or a spouse,you never know what to expect.I reccomend The Giver to anyone looking for a good book to read."
"I picked this book up to see if it would be appropriate for my precocious nine-year-old, and was blown away by Lowry's daring plot and wonderful prose. The book takes on themes that are incredibly sophisticated and examines them in ways that even a bonehead like me can wrap his mind around. Every bit as daring as 1984 and Brave New World, Lowry forces us to look very closely at what it is that makes us human, and what the costs and benefits of conformity really are. The conclusion of the book is--I hate to overuse the word, but it's the only one that fits--daring, forcing the reader to decide for him or herself just what has happened. Either way, the moment is transformative.Beautiful as this book is, it ISN'T appropriate for my nine-year old. Not because of the very mild and beautifully drawn budding sexuality of the protagonist, Jonas. Rather, the themes are deep and disturbing enough--and the ending open-ended enough--that I don't think a preteen would be able to take it all in. But for a teenager--or an adult--I think it is a wonderful, provocative read."
"My 12 year old daughter is reading the series now.  It is very thought provoking, especially for a pre-teen.  She is now reading the second book in the series.  I highly recommend this book."
I really enjoyed reading it. There are some powerful lessons to be learned in this book. The premise is good along with the development of the characters. Can't wait to read the second novel
This is the second time I have read the Giver. I wanted to read it again before the movie comes out. I still have issues with understanding the end. Maybe the movie will help put it together
"I absolutely loved this book. The best thing was that it was thought provoking. I constantly asked myself what I would do if face with Jonas""s different situations. Can't wait for the movie."
"The Giver says so much in a short amount of time.  I think it is a book that people of different ages and backgrounds can appreciate, and it makes the reader think and use their imagination."
I understand why she left it the way she did (the ending) but I'm a person that likes closure and I felt like I was left hanging.  But truly a great book!!!  Regardless I would recommend it.
"A great read for pre-teens and above. Though a rather short read, Lowry delivers a powerful story that struck me, so thoroughly, that I make it a point to read this book every few years now."
"I think that it's an interesting book, and the thematic is good. Actually I like this kind of books because it trying to let you thinking. You could get and interesting opportunity to enjoy."
This book was great. It leaves you in the perfect spot just enough thrill and suspicion to keep you reading even if it's 3 AM. I can't wait to finish book 2-4 because they are so interesting
"The Giver is a well written sci-fi story set in a structured community in the future, where things are a lot more controlled than today. It has some interesting premises and is worth a read."
"Wonderful writing, great character development and an easy read. This book is full of surprises and I could't put it down. Thinking about giving it as Christmas presents for lots of friends."
"When I was in elementary school, i had read many novels written by Lois  Lowry. But this has got to be the best book she has ever written, i  recommend this book to all people, it was great!"
"The Giver is my favorite book! I love Jonas's world, and with him I grow to hate it. I love the Giver, and the memories! I just love the whole book. There's just no other way to describe it!"
"Enjoyable, I'd recommend it but some of the plot setup with the characters made no sense to me and was never explained. Maybe it's explained in the sequels but I don't think I'll read them."
Wonderful thought provoking book. Excellent to read with your child so that you can have a conversation about what if and would you like to live in a world like this. Excellent series also.
"I wish I'd had this to read as a tween. It's very touching. Growing up is bizarre and wonderful and frightening. Grown-ups: It's only 180 pages of relatively large print, and worth reading."
The book was thought provoking.  It was so predictable of a world in the future where individuals only think of their world without the thought of history and the importance of your memory.
"Great for teens, kind of boring for adults.  The plot was interesting but took forever to get to the point.  It will be interesting to see how they make an entire movie out of this novella."
"The Giver is meant to be a children's book, but kids young and old can enjoy this thought-provoking novel. Even if you've never before read anything like this, you'll be sure to enjoy it!!!"
This book was definitly one of my favorite books.  It really helped me realize how much we really take things for granted.  I cried.  This is a soon-to-be classic that EVERYONE should read.
I read The Giver back in 2001 in middle school. I remember it was one of the only books i actually enjoyed at the time. Rereading it as an adult has only strengthened my love for the book.
Sad but Thought provoking story that stays on your conscience for many days after. The author is very insightful about what is truly essential the for a healthy society.  Hard to put down!
"Fantastic! It's intriguing, you can't put it down. I'm 40, I loved this book and so did both of my teenagers. The other books in the series are just as good! Very interesting, all of them."
"What a marvelous story. I don't know how the movie fared, but the book told what it would be like to live without the chaos and choices in our lives. You can guess what that would be like."
Great book. Simple. Straightforward. Easy read. The Giver was a great book that revealed a dystopian futuristic society where there was a place for everything and everything had its place.
This book is simply amazing. I would recommend it to any over the age of 13. It is a fantastic story of what we are not and must not become. It's also a story of the greatness of humanity.
This is one of my all time favorites from childhood but it's enjoyable to re-read as an adult. One of the best dystopia books I've read. I love the slow reveals and how the story develops.
"In addition to the wonderful book, thank you Ms. Lowry for giving us your memories of how the story came to be. To the readers, be sure to read Ms. Lowry's Newbery Award acceptance speech."
"In a society where everything is the same, Jonas is different.  A coming of age story in a future that is certain, until it isn't anymore. A true turn pager, you won't want to put it down."
"When Istarted reading the Giver, I thought this was a nothing speacial book, but then I couldn't stop. Lois wasn't that clear on the ending, but still it was an exciting book for all ages!"
The Giver is a great book. It's not too hard material but it's a little complicated. I would suggest that kids 9-14 should read it. It's a good book for any project since it's very unique.
"I read this book in school when I was younger and its one title that has stuck with me since then. I'm not too articulate, so I can't go into much detail. I'll just say I really loved this book."
I haven't read all of it yet but I have read parts and I have read Gathering Blue (yes out of order) and Lois Lowry writes beautifully and the books plays out in front of me with so much detail.
Even though this is a young readers book it still captured my heart and imagination thinking that someday somewhere a world could be this way. Leaves you thinking long after you read the ending.
This book is set in a futuristic setting where there is no crime and the world is just perfect.I suggest that you read the book a couple of times before you will begin to understand the concept.
This book is pretty good and I really can't wait to start the next. But like all series the first book can sometimes be boring. The giver started out slow but by the end I couldn't put it down.
I absolutely loved this book but it sounds awfully close to what the gov't wants you to live the one thing I thought was very unfair was that the people couldn't even make their own decisions .
"I red this when I was young and still in school. Several years later with a child of my own,, I have enjoyed reading it again and again. This is definitely a story you could never get tired of!"
What an interesting book.  It is wonderfully written and the story is a really page turner.  It was given to me by my professor who taught young adult fiction but I still found it a great read.
This was recommended by a friend who is a school teacher.  I have already purchased another in the series.  I did find the book a bit troublling though so be prepared to have to think a little.
"I didn't expect that the book will be like this. I didn't like it very much because it's too unrealistic. I thought that the end of the book would be more exciting, it wasn't satisfying for me."
Having only gotten the reading bug two years ago...I really enjoyed this.  I know many young readers gravitate towards dystopia these days and this is a great older version of that genre.
It reminded me of matched by Ally Condie. I'm getting 50 points extra credit for reading this. My friend didn't like it and I can't understand why but I can't think she even likes reading
I chose this book because my students were reading it and was curious.  The story was timeless and the main character was someone you could relate.  I would recommend it to young and old.
this is a very good book. it gets good about 1/4 of the way through. i like the ending because it doesn't reveal everything.  It was very great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This was an astoundingly poignant and though-provoking book which forced me to reconsider my whole exsistance and what it meant.  It made me notice every emotion and feel everything more.
"I've read this book so many times, the first time was a few years ago in 6th grade in English/ reading class. I've read it at least 2 times since then. Lois Lowry is such a great author."
"Really enjoyed the book, but the end was just...well, it wasn't there.I understand there are more books in the series, but this books ending didn't make me want to read them."
"Good book; the whole series is.  Nice that young people are getting to read books written especially for them.  It held my interest, had memorable characters, and ended with hope.  Nice."
"This was well written, but the story underwhelmed me quite a bit. I think I would have felt differently about it if I had read it when most other people seem to have read it, ~6th grade."
I loved it back in 8th grade and I still love it now! I'm currently reading it to my seven year-old daughter and she loves it as well. It's a classic that every young person should read.
It's great.As Jonas walks through. life as the receiver.He is torn apart but inside he grows strong.The reader learns more of  this strange town every chapter.It's not a little kid book!
"It was an interesting read. Nuggets of wisdom tucked in the pages.  I was not awed by it though.  I was disappointed with the ending. Although,  it made me want to read the other books."
"I wish I could like this book more ,Especially since it is a ""youth""Novel.However, it is too dark for too-o-0long , then... Well I won't spoil the rest.."
"I myself loved the book. It was a great way to get some time for myself and just go to another world. But my friend says that it would be much better with Godzilla in it (crazy, right?)"
"This was one of my most treasured books as a child. As an adult, I recently found out that there was an entire series, so I ordered all of them. They are fantastic, recommended for all!"
I loved the book! I read it when it first came out and recently read the rest of the  series . I had to read the Giver again to remember all the facts that were connected by the series.
"Enjoyed the novel until the end, not too fond of ambiguous endings.  My daughter read it too and we discussed it, for the most part we liked it but don't think we will go see the movie."
"My son had to read this in his 7th grade class, and his teacher suggested the parents read it, too. I did, and it was great! Really gives you something to think about. Interesting read!"
Loved this book. Really makes you appreciate it all! I loved how much it made me think about things being controlled vs. things being unknown. Loved how it was written and how it ended.
"I remember reading this in middle school. I liked it, but re-reading it now at 25, it means so much more to me! So relevant, so many things shot way over my head the first time around!"
"I loved this book so much I insisted my husband read it. This is a deceivingly simple story, sparely written. I pondered the ideas of love, compassion, peace and color in our lives for a long time after reading the book."
"I found this book to be a constant page turner. Amazingly Lois Lowry shows us in this book that it is alright to remember, even if the memories are not always pleasant. It is from our memories that life has true meaning."
I have read this book many times since I first experienced it during middle school and  it never disappoints me.  It really make you think about the power we give to our leaders and the importance of being an individual.
i was really interested the moment i started it. Lois Lowry does a good job in this novel to show us wat life could be like. i couldnt ever put the book down because of all the unexpected twists. this was a job well done
"This book is simply depressing. I was not left wanting more, I was waiting for it to end and crossing my fingers for a happy ending.I gave it one extra star because it would be a great book for a discussion group."
It's a quick read but a good one. Loved Jonas'  development and heart. I was disappointed to find the sequel has nothing to with this society. I would have liked to read about the next leg in their journey through life.
"Excellent, easy read. I was disappointed that the ""plan"" didn't go into more detail and wasn't extended but I am very glad that I read this classic! I have only read book 1, not sure about reading the others yet"
"This book is one of my favorites! Loved this book and the next in the series ""Gathering Blue"". For whatever reason I hated the third book ""The Messenger"". Have not read the fourth book ""Son"" yet."
"This book was a very amazing book. I have read it two times and those two types have been a blast. Not only is it ore of the very best science fiction books but it is also a mature book meant for all ages, in my opinion"
This book has a lot of hidden meaning & lessons to be learned. It is frightening to see what happens when people lose the freedom to choose & somewhat prophetic as we lose more & more of our rights in our country today.
"If you're a fan of The Hunger Games and Divergent, you should definitely pick up The Giver. Lowry provides wonderful insight into the importance of knowing one's community and history."
The author's created world seems to have a lot of potential. But the plot seems simplistic and  obviously moralizing. I didn't realize that it is targeted as YA. But it is interesting.
There's not enough space to elaborate on how wonderful of a book this is. I loved it when I first read it as an adolescent and continue to love it as an adult. Its message is timeless.
"Surprised I had never read this book when I was younger. Really enjoyed the strange world that Lois Lowry created, and reading it many years later I feel it really is a timeless story."
My son had to read this for his middle school class.  He enjoyed it and the ending left him with many questions.  I ended up reading it too so I could help discuss the ending with him.
I LOVE this book. I first read it when I was in 5th grade. Even now at 29 it holds my interest. Reading it as an adult lets you look at the story line in a whole different perspective.
I loved the book because it was a maybe true story about what the future might be like. I would totally re-read this book again to get the experience about the world that they live in.
"This is a look into the future, what we could become if we forget that it is important to appreciate our differences and learn to live with our faults.  Everyone should read this book."
This book offers much food for thought regarding freedom of choice. And the epilogue by the author is a good exercise in finding what events in your life shape your philosophy of life.
Every middle schooler should read this. And if you are past middle school - you should read it too. A great introduction to challenging the environment you live in by asking questions.
"The Giver is an incredible novel. It is a miraculous combination of courage, imagination and bravery all in the heart of a young boy. This book is truly incredible and is a GREAT read."
I enjoyed the book because I really could relate to it in my own life. Because I am really like Jonas and I love reading books. So Irecamend this book to anyone who enjoys to read!!!!!
"I really enjoyed this book.  It encourages the reader to push their comfort zone, and open their minds to other perspectives.  Good book for Senior English class to help expand minds."
"This book is good but I wish that it could have explained more about what happens to Jonas and Gabe.  I have also read gathering blue, messenger, and son. All were really great books."
I really did enjoy the book though it ended a bit abruptly. The concept of a perfect society is well thought of and written. Definitely a book that makes you think and stays with you.
Reading it for the 2nd time and at an older age not for school but for pleasure.  I found so much more to his writing and with the illustrations and additional commentary a true gift.
"This book is truly amazing and when a colleague of my asked to recommend a book for her daughter who is in the sixth grade , well it was an easy choice... One of my all time favorite."
Very intriguing.  Couldn't put it down.  The ending left me disappointed and in need of closure.  I plan to read the whole series.  I don't find the subject matter to be kid friendly.
"I read this book in early middle school and I still love it even now. It is just so refreshingly original and sad, yet hopeful enough to leave me awed at the ending rather then upset."
I read this book and thought is was amazing .After alot of begging i convinced my skeptical father to read this book and he also loved it .I highy recomend this to practiclly everyone
I'm 13 years old and we read this book in school. I highly reccomend this to anyone looking for a great book. The ending was a little confusing but it leaves you to make your own end.
"I thouroughly enjoyed this book, because it had many inner meanings and was suspenseful.  When I started it, I had to continue to find out what happens, and I wish there was a sequel!"
"I read this because someone told me it was on the Banned Books List and it was Banned Books Week. WHY this is a banned book is beyond me. Wonderful science fiction, very provocative."
I suppose it was written to show that  a place like everything done exactly to a pattern is not such a wonderful place after all. I fond it mediochre to say the least.marjorie foster
"She deserves more credit than she gets.  I'm on Book 2, Gathering Blue.  I will probably read more of her work.  This book will make you stop and reevaluate the world as you know it."
I read this book in middle school(98 I believe). I loved it then & love it even more now. It's a good story that I think everyone should read at least one. It is one of my favorites.
"I can say the best book ever i read many books but ""the giver"" was just so thrilling any interesting when i read it i can pictured everthing in my mind juat love this book !!"
Good storyline about life in the future. Just pulls you right in to follow the exploits of a boy who starts questioning the way life is run.  I'm looking forward to seeing the movie.
"The Giver is a great book which you most likely have heard people talk about. It is a suspensful book which you won't want to miss.  The main character of the book, Jonas, lives in a community where EVERYTHING is  controlled by the government. THere is an endless list of rules which every  citizen of the community has to follow every second of the day.  There is  one rule in which every child that bocomes twelve is given a job for the  community. Every adult was assigned one when they were twelve. There were  jobs like the Nurturer of Babies, THe speaker, and so on. When Jonas is  assigned his job, you will not believe what it is. His job (like all jobs)  needs special training. His training is painful at some times, and joyful  at others. Then, Jonas accidently gives something that can be harmful to a  baby, Gabriel. Then, Jonas, and the person Jonas receives training from for  his job, plan an escape that breaks tons of the community rules.  What is  Jonas's job? What is the plan? Read this wonderful book to find out."
"I bought this book with the misunderstanding that it contained all 4 books.  I was very disappointed when I discovered it was only the first book.  The story itself is good, though."
A book that expands beyond all generations. A novel to remind us about the gift of humanity and the importance of living a full life and not taking for granted the choices we make.
"I loved it! I have read and loved many books by this author and this one is no different. Very descriptive and easy to read, I read in one day because I just could not put it down!"
I first read yhis book when I was ten and found it very easy reading. This book simply turned my life around and is one of my favorites. What would have given the author this idea?
The giver was a wonderful book that I can easily say is now my favourite. It's the kind of book that provokes thought and doubts the realism of the current world you are living in.
This book was really boring and had a very stupid and weird ending. I did like a few parts in this book but most of it was just boring. I only read it because I had to for school.
I enjoyed reading the book because it explained to me how a controled world could be good and bad and how one person seeing that world from a different view can change everything.
They should make a part two. We never find out about what happends later. I am sure many people (including me) want to find out whatcomes later. It is just to big of a cliffhanger
"It was slow at first then really picked up speed, but then just seemed to end with no resolution. I was glad to hear that in the final book of the quartet there is some follow up."
I bought this book to read before seeing the movie.  The previews of the movie seem interesting but the book is very short and depressing.  Doubt I will bother with the movie now!
"I loved this book in school. So much that I had to read it again. Now I'm finding out there made it a movie! I can't wait, but I know it won't be near as delightful as the book..."
"Good audio, just one thing I did not like was that the chapters did not end perfectly on the CD.  If you are using it in the classroom make notice of where the class ends each day."
Really great easy to read book. I am a slow reader and I still finished this quickly. The story is good and the writing is also good. I would recommend this to anyone who can read.
"Deeply philosophical at a level that teens can understand. This book probes the idea that without experiencing pain and suffering we would not experience pleasure, joy and passion."
"A riveting account of a society gone overboard on being PC and population control.  A kind of George Orwell, ""1984"" with a softer face, and a younger, more successful hero."
"This was an excellent book and very thoughtful! The only thing I didn't enjoy was the ending, I hate when a book leaves you hanging not to know what happened to the main character."
"I enjoyed the book very much.  It was a bit short and because the ending was ambiguous, it left an unsettled feeling.  Nevertheless, I can understand why it gained so much acclaim."
"The premise was interesting. The characters were developed well and with ""color"". The ending was very abrupt leaving many things for the reader to ponder as to the outcome."
I read this to enjoy a conversation with my grandson about a book. It was a fast read and stimulated thought. It did create conversation.I understand there are follow-up books too.
I have loved this book since my childhood. It held up well after a long period without reading it. I'm prepping for the movie. I hope they somehow manage to capture the feel of it.
I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book even though it is targeted for a young adult audience.  The movie is coming out this year and I didn't want to see it before I read the book.
Don't be fooled by the name - this is NOT all four books in the series.  It is ONLY The Giver.  I have no idea why it is subtitled (Giver Quartet).  Misleading and disappointing.
Everyone should read this book. It's an amazing story that will change your life in some way. I had it read in less than an hour because I could not force myself to stop reading_
"I'm really not sure how I feel about this book? It was good and I enjoyed it, but I just feel as if it were lacking something. The ending.... well, just didn't like how it ended."
"Such an interesting and unique story ... really enjoyed reading it and am in awe of Lois Lowry's imagination. Just wish the ending wasn't quite so abrupt, but that's just me. :-)"
"Purchased this so I could re-read the story. Read this in highschool and was the only book that ever stuck with me. Can't wait for the movie to come out in November, I am stoked."
"Not only is this an enticing novel, the kindle edition is easy to navigate and bookmark. The extra content for book clubs is a great asset to help younger readers' comprehension."
I've read this book multiple times and it never fails to evoke emotion. It covers such a wide range of experiences in so few pages; and the ending leaves you stunned and shocked.
"The Giver is an amzing story that you will never forget! It will keep you reading, and at the end, you'll want to read it again! I would suggest this book to anyone, guy or girl!"
The Giver by Louis Lowry is a very good book. This is one of the best book I ever read. I would recomend this book to everyone who reads because it has a lot of action adventure.
"it is not a good book , because it is boring . but some of my friends think it is interesting . But i'm not . the beginning was boring but later in the book it was exciting too ."
Your book was good enough for me to read it so it must of mean good but a lot like a less bloody version of the hunger games. Have you ever thought that stealing ideas of a controlled life is rude.
I read The Giver over 10 years ago when I was teaching middle school. I was pleased to learn that there are 3 other books in the series. Now my own children are middle school age and enjoying them!
Got my copy from the library and read it first. I was totally blown away. Love the authors writing style and the pace and progression on the story was on point. Will definitely recommend this one.
"Whoa.Not sure by what stretch of the imagination this is a book for children - maybe I'm dense as lead, but I probably wouldn't have been ready to read this before the age of 30. YMMV."
"...again, read it because the grandkids are reading it.  Sweet little story....good redeeming qualities, but obviously set up screaming for the sequel so that all your questions will get answered!"
The sheer despair of utopia held within. I rarely care to rate books but if you're bothering to pick up a quick one you should bother to peruse this selection like you would the Lord of the Flies.
"What a great book!  It made me want to read more and couldn't wait to get to the next in the series.The Giver is full of lessons about what is, and what could be.Great book at any age!"
"This was my first time reading this book, and I wasn't disappointed. The ending might have left something to be desired, but the story itself more than made up for it. Everyone ought to read this."
"One of the best ""young adult"" books ever written. I spent a month discussing this book, with my 7th grade class. It is a thought-provoking, inspiring tale. Worth reading by adults as well."
"It has been 40 years since I read The Giver. It means something so different at a more mature age than it did when I was a teenager. ThT is the mark of a great book. It contains a message for all,"
"it is not a good book , because it is boring . but some of my friends think it is interesting . But i'm not . the beginning was boring but later in the book it was exciting too ."
This is a very good book. It gets good about a 1/4 of the way through. I like the ending because it doesn't reveal everything.  It was very great!!!
"This book was not my cup of tea. Interesting in the fact of imagination of a future life that is controlled by no feelings. I won't be following next series, but that's just me."
Great and easy read. I was one who would have liked more at the ending especially about what happened to the community. The next two books really don't tell you anything either.
I don't understand all the 5 star reviews. It wasn't that good. Very simplistic writing and story. But I am looking forward to seeing the film. Can't go wrong with Meryl Streep.
I read this years ago and wanted to read it again. Someone borrowed mine and did not return it. I have only read 2 chapters for the lack of time. There are similarities to 1984.
"This is a classic and should be read by all. This book paved the roadfor all of the ""sy-fi utopian"" novels out there today. Lewis Lowry's, The Giver, is a masterpiece!!!"
I was surprised at the relevance of how we many times isolate ourselves and make ourselves comfortable in such weird circumstances.  It surely makes me do some serious thinking.
"fantastic, unexpected, and dramatic. Great book, and intense. if you just are a begginer on reading, shouldn't read the book but otherwise the series would be a great selection."
This is such an inspirational story for all ages. It encourages everyone to ponder their own thoughts and ideas. It makes us appreciate and accept the good and bad in the world.
Although the ending was a bit unsatisfying.... the common itself was great. I read it because the movie is coming out soon and I'm excited to see this vivid novel come to life!
"I found the book ""The Giver"" was written for younger adults since I'm in my late 70's. I found it most entertaining and worth reading. Lois Lowry is a Very good writer."
"If you liked 1984 by some old dude, you will most likely love this...and for the group of you that didn't enjoy 1984 like me you'll find more enjoyment in this book. I promise."
"It's a classic--not only for kids--and everyone should read it.  It'll change your life.  If you're ever sad, depressed, or grieving, give this book a read. Highly recommended."
"This edition has the authors Newberry Award speech in it, and that is a fgreat addition to the novel.  Friends and I have debated the ending of this wonderful story many times."
Interesting concept. Entertaining reading. Disappointing ending. Hopefully there's a sequel(s) that will continue this adventure towards a glorious climax and fantastic finish.
This book is one I read before a few years ago and wanted to buy it to read again. It's easy and quick reader but so enjoyable to read. I would recomend you to read this book.
"this book is set in a futeristic land, where everyone is the same. you are asigned jobs, spouses, and children; a boy and a girl.this book illistrates the necessity of choices."
"I am acutaly Mary's son, but I LOVED this book. I have read it 4 times and each time I read it , I seem to find a deeper meaning. I love it and I highly recomend you puchase it"
"This book is on my listmainia list of dystopias, because it does show a society gone in a different, and unpleasant, direction.  It stands out on that list because, unlike other dystopias, this one requires a few elements borrowed from fantasy literature to make possible the relationship between the Giver and the Receiver.Perhaps if that had been worked differently, this would have gone from four to five stars.As a dystopia, this is one of the rare ""female"" dystopias.  A male dystopia shows how each person plugs into the society and how it impacts the family.  A female dystopia concentrates more on the family relationships and how they support society.  The two are similar but not the same.  This makes a good read for the reason of a refreshing perspective.Even though this is considered ""adolescent literature"", it was well written enough for an adult to enjoy.  That's also quite a good thing, so parents can share this with their children."
I was skeptical as an adult reading this book . I'm amazed how the author grabbed my attention and kept me turning pages ...I had to know ...now I'm left in awe . Great book !
"I purchased this book because I read it in grade school.  I recently found out that this is part of a series.  So, I purchased this book to re-read and then finish the series."
It was a really good book it really got me focused on reading it and its a good thing they made more books because i might be interested in those to. Over all its a great book
My bookclub picked this book at the same time my 7th grade daughter was reading it at school. We both thoroughly enjoyed both reading it and discussing it together afterwards.
"I purchased the book for my daughter to read as a requirements for school. I read other reviews saying this was not a good book, but much to my surprise, my daughter liked it."
One of my favorite books ever read. The Giver challenges us to see the beauty that we take for granted and lets the reader discover it without feeding it to them. A must read.
"Loved the book, thought provoking. Ending kind of left you wondering. I heard the next book doesn't really address anything about The Giver. But I haven't checked for myself."
"I read the book after watching the movie. The book was just as good as the movie but I was hoping for a little more. Definitely worth reading, I just wish it had been longer."
"Engaging and intriguing, I truly enjoyed this book and cannot wait to read the next book in the series with Kira. A steady pace and and an eye opening experience, four stars."
Loved how the world was so different from real life. Continued to make you want to read more to find out what would happen next. Am very interested in watching the movie next
I thought the book was really good. Made you think what our life could be like with science in charge. We want everything so perfect but we see that's not always a good thing
Picked this up for my daughter to read. She didnt emjoy as much as I hoped and even though I quite enjoyed it when I read it ages ago. Will pass on to my other children next.
"I bought this because my 9th grade daughter has to read it for class. I'm so glad that I opened it, just to skim at first. Then I became enthralled!Very well done"
I think this is a great read the more I read the more I wanted to a book that made me thank God for allowing me to live my life out with joy of not always knowing the outcome
"I am so excited to finish the series.  I thought I remembered The Giver, but I was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed it the second time and I never wanted it to end."
"We bought this book for a summer time reading project for 8th grade. I read this book first before my daughter, and I loved it! I'm 48 years old, but this book was fantastic!"
"The Giver gives you a little mystery with a high level thinking. As you read, it you start to imagine what it would be like if you lived there. It  is really a thinking book."
"In this book Jonas was living in a perfect community, no love,hate,or feelings. Although I liked the book I would really hate living there. I recommend this book to everyone."
This is a really fun book and hard to find at Half Price Books. But I was able to find it on Amazon and a few days later I was able to finally read this book. And I love it!
Lois Lowry is an excellent author.  I read this book as a teen and again as an adult.  Such thought provoking ideals.  Make sure to read the book BEFORE you watch the movie!
"A twelve year old boy named Jonas has the perfect life.  He is never hungry, never has to deal with war, and he never has any reason to believe that something is wrong with his life and the society that he lives in.  When Jonas is picked to be the Receiver of Memories, he embarks on a dangerous and exciting journey.  Jonas begins to learn the truth about his society, and what is kept hidden from public view.  He realizes the hypocrisy that he has to deal with everyday, and he learns that maybe the world isn't so perfect anymore.  What will Jonas do with his new knowledge? I thought The Giver was a great book.  It is the only book of its kind to portray a perfect Utopian society realistically.  Lois Lowry uses her colorful writing skills to create life-like characters that everyone can relate to and an exciting plot with surprises at every turn.  I would recommend this book as a good read for anyone who is into science fiction with a twist."
I do not believe I have ever said the movie is better than the book but I do believe it was in this case. I did still enjoy this book but the movie was better (lots) still.
A different teqnique and talent in her writing.  You couldn't put it down because it was  unique and interesting..And of course ...Will enjoy her next in the Giver Series!!
"its 200 pages long people but even for that little pages, its a really good book...i can't put it down!!! (only read this book if you liked the hunger games and divergent!)"
"I loved the fact that Jonas never gave up. He never gave up in Have, he never gave up in himself. I think that there is a lesson in this story. A different one to everyone."
"Always a fun, easy read. Can't put it down until I finish it.She has a way of writing to the child inside of you, and brings back the innocence when you were younger."
"Wonderful book. It makes one think of one's own river of memories and the ""elsewhere"" it is flowing from and to. I know this book has joined my list of personal favorites!!"
Interesting concept of generic life and a young mans desire to escape it.  Glad I read it.  When we become desensitized to our surroundings and life complacency takes over.
What a beautiful book..simple yet frighteningly thought provoking. My seventh grader was moved and inspired by this wonderful book. It should be on everyone's reading list.
Truly recommend it to everybody it's a very interesting perspective on our life...very deep...makes you look at your life... Read it in 3 days and I am not a fast reader ;)
This is a great book and very thought provoking. I loved the bit at the end by the author about her life and inspiration for the story. A must read fir all who are young of heart.
The Giver left me feeling with peacefulness in my heart and mind. Memories need to be shared. both the good and bad. After all. It is who we are. Thank you for sharing yours Lois!
"This book is really confusing at first. You think its boring then ""POOF!"" everything starts to unroll and you really get into it. It's great. The Best book by Lois Lowry"
"I loved this book. It keeps you thinking because the author leaves many things for you as the reader, to decide what they mean. I would reccomend this book to readers of all ages."
"Although in the beginning of the story Jonas is portrayed as an average  kid in his society, he has been given this immense task. Throughout the  book the idea of sameness angered me more and more, Jonas's society thought  that through nothingness they they could avoid pain. This is true, but they  are also avoiding the happiness that they could have. I think that having  your own wonderful memories is one of the best parts of life, and it seems  almost not worth living if we can not have them. The Elders in the book  think that they are learning from past mistakes and bettering the lives of  people, but they are not, you have to take the good with the bad. The  concept of ""shared remembrance"" should be very important to each  and every culture, this is how we learn, as well as how we are entertained.  The Giver is an appropriate book for the study of folklore because it shows  the importance of being different, like almost all cultures are. If we were  all the same life would be boring."
I loved this story. I can't believe I waited until I was... Old to read it!My students read it for the first time and we compared it to the movie. They liked the book more!
"This book was recommended to me by a young lady friend.  I want to read the rest of the series, as it is thought provoking and I want to see where Lois Lowry goes with the story."
I thought this book was beautiful. The way the author put the words was amazing. The words were descriptive and full of meaning! I can't wait till the next one!
"I loved this book. It was a quick read and I can see why it is a classic. I do think the ending was too abrupt, but I appreciate the way it left things to the readers imagination"
"I loved the book and want to find out what happens next. To the town and Asher and everyone.  The Receiver/Giver, the old one.  Don't know if I'm gonna like book two."
The book has a fascinating storyline that keeps you entertained throughout the book. But the issue is that the ending doesn't explain what happens after the book concludes and it leaves you wanting more.
"Very well written book. Very introspective, philosophical and kept me at the ""edge of my seat"" the entire time. Can't wait to read the next three books. I recommend for anyone over the age of ten"
Great book. I got it for my son since he had to read it for middle school.  I  stated reading it just to see what it was about and ended up reading the book cover to cover and the rest of them that week.
"This book is in a genre that I don't seem to appreciate.  I found the content disturbing.  Sometimes, I even dreamed about it.  The content did present opportunities for thinking about ""what if""."
"interesting, thoughtful read-----It is a good idea to read the book before viewing the movie.  Although the book and the movie relate the same story, the movie is quite different with much less detailed."
I kept multiple copies of this book to give away because it has been my favorite for years. Now I am going to take my grandchildren to see the movie. They of course have read the book. I love Lois Lowry.
"It's been about 15 years since I last read this. I actually experienced more insight and I would like to think it is ""seeing beyond"" in a more meaningful way. I hope the movie will do it justice."
An amazing book - I cannot believe it took me so many years to read it. I am a former teacher and as I read it I thought of so many thought provoking conversations that I could have had with students!!!!
Love it!Very solid reminder of what happens when we give our life to government!Good for young people!  They need a slant on the Importance of maintaining our individual control of our lives.
"""The Giver"" is a thought-provoking story about a possible future.  I would recommend it for ages junior high through adult.  The ending leaves the reader with two thought-provoking possibilities."
Love this book. I always re-read it every couple years. I first read this in high school as a required reading; after I graduated I started to appreciate the value of this book.
My grandson read this book for school and could not put it down.  I also read it..fantastic book.  I give it five stars. He cannot wait to start reading the rest of the quartet.
"I read a lot of horror and dark fantasy...blood and guts and zombies, but there is something to be said for subtlety... and  fantastic writing. Chilling. Beautiful. Scary, real."
"This book is amazing, it made me think, and question myself and wonder ""what if?"" I really like the plot and story line, very creative & mind-boggling. For 25 this was a steal!"
"This was an good book. In the begining you think I don't want to finish this but once you do you  think, wow this was great. I wonder what will happen to Jonas and Gabrial next!"
"Imagine a world without color, music, emotions and most of all feelings.  That is what it was like for 12 year old Jonas who felt nothing, knew nothing about his community until he was assigned by the Chief of Elders his role in the community.  Most people have a normal job for example, a nurturer or a  caretaker for the house of old and judge but strangely Jonas was not assigned any of these normal jobs.  He was declared the Receiver of Memories.Although this job comes with high honor, it also comes with immense pain and Jonas will have to force himself to get through the training.  When things get tough, Jonas gets mad and he and the Giver think of a plan, but this could get them killed.I recommend this book to anyone looking for action and suspense at the same time.  This is definitely my favorite book I have ever read as it kept me wanting to read on.  Lois Lowry uses great vocabulary in every sentence, I know that if you read it you'll love it just like me."
"This is not my normal genre, however, I did enjoy this book. I like how the ending is ambiguous so that I could envision something wonderful for Jonas and Gabe. Very good book!"
I could not put this book down. I hear people have read this as a school assignment but I never got the chance to. This book is for any age and the ending left me wanting more.
an interesting glimpse of a future world that has only humdrum routines and sameness for everyone but the government of memories and the receiver of those memories.fascinating!
"I absolutely love this book. I read it for the first time in middle school and decided to read it again at 23. Beautifully written, wonderful message, and an instant classic "
"Wow, I had no idea this was so short! A super fast read, maybe a novella? I read it to prep for the movie. It was pretty entertaining with a lot of insight into society."
I thouroughly and completely enjoyed this book and would have given it a full star rating but I hated the ending and didn't know it was a series grrrrr. FANTASTIC BOOK!!
"I think I was expecting too much. I had read The Hunger Games and Divergent and loved those, but they were YA books. I think this book is definitely for younger readers."
"I liked the story and writing style, however the ending seemed to be missing. I was very annoyed with essentially no resolution. This of course is the author's decision."
"Reading it alongside my 6th grade daughter who has to read it for school. A quick easy read that has definitely kept my attention, and has led to some great discussions."
I had remembered enjoying this book as a teen and was looking forward to when I had time to read it again... 16 years later and I still enjoyed it. This one is a keeper.
"I read through this book quickly and thoroughly enjoyed it. It reminded me of the books assigned to middle schoolers, that makes you think, and stays with you for life."
Horrific bed sheets hedgehogs begrudge begrud. ge begrudge begrudge begrudge hedges begrudge. He gets bagged hedge Gregg Gregg Gregg Gregg hedge hedge faces Gregg hedge
It's a great teen book.  They must take a lot of license in making a movie out of it.  I think you must have to read the rest of the series to get a satisfying closure.
"Good book.  I enjoyed reading this book and finished it in 2 days.  Story line was interesting, reminded me of divergent.  Easy reading and I would recommend this book."
"This is the best book EVER and the other books (gathering blue, messanger, and son) are also really good if you read and like the giver you have to read these books to :)"
"Great book- if you love books like Twilight and The Hunger Games you'll like it. After you read The giver- read the sequels- Gathering Blue, The Messenger, and The Son..."
The Giver is an EXCELLENT book! I didn't even realize that their world was colorless until The Reciever said it! I LOVE this book and I strongly suggest that you read it!
"The Giver is about an un-beleivable subject, but Lois Lowry makes it beleivable.  Join Jonas, Asher, the Giver, Gabrial and the gang and find out how The Community works!"
"Lois Lowry, when will you come out with a sequel to this unable to be put  down novel.  My fifth graders agreed.  They say Hollywood should make this  story into a movie."
"The Giver is a fantastic book to read. It had so much meaning and was a very powerful book. I really liked the concept of the book which was a  society that was all black and white. In other words you couldn`t see any  color. You couldn`t even feel a breeze. You were assigned a job by the  elders like birth mother,  Assistant Director of Recreation, Doctor, Law  and Justice. The boy, Jonas was assigned The Giver. An old man came and  would give him a sort of dream, an image. Jonas could see color and feel in  these images.He later found out things; secrets that many people in the  community didn`t know. When Joans learned these things he was  confused  with emotions and decided to do something about these things. Another  reason I enjoyed this book is because it`s hard to imagine a world perfect,  untouchable, and so protected but dosen`t know that life as they know it  dosen`t have to be that way. That there is more to life than what they  have."
"This book officially has no ending. Only a 16-year-old could think of this ending as ""mysterious"", ""deep"" or ""thought provoking"". An adult with any life experience will see it for what it is - a rushed wrap up. The author probably got an advance from the publisher, ran out of ideas, then put the book away. When the publisher asked for either the book or their money back, well, you can tell she basically wrote the last quarter of the book in like 2 days, no kidding. There is a lot of build up throughout the book, with no payoff whatsoever. I don't think even the writer has any idea what happens to her own characters in the end. The last few chapters have a completely different feel from the rest of the book and basically go ""something, something, something, I don't know, you figure it out, THE END."" Lois Lowry is a joke as a writer, but has somehow managed to gather a following among the naive by appealing to their sense of self-accomplishment."
"This book completely captivated me in middle school 16 years ago, I just purchased this book for my son on his kindle. I hope he has the same fantastic experience I did!"
"This is a very quick read, mainly because it is so good that you wont be able to put it down.  Would make an excellent  book for teens.  So thought provoking.  Loved it!"
"I was assigned this book many moons ago in middle school, & over 15 years later I still love it.  I seem to discover new treasures every time I read ""The ""Giver."
"This was a book club choice. It was really worth the read! I guess this is one of those book you read in school. Not sure how I missed it, but so glad I've read it now!"
I haven't read this book since grade school. Its always been one of my favorites and it still didn't disappoint. I'm looking forward to reading the rest of the quartet.
I first read this book when I was in the sixth grade and have never been able to forget it. Easily one of my favorite novels. I have probably read this book five times.
Awesome utopian literature. Shows how you can not control every aspect of humanity. Awesome to take something everyone has and take it away to give it two only person.
the giver is a book that I didentunder stand alote of the words I wodent give this book to some one under 10 years of ageor a new reader .PS. have a dictionary on hand.
This book is an unbelievable book of how our society is headed if we don'tclean up our act. If you do not read this book you are missing probably a life changing story.
This book does a brilliant job of showing us what the future could become if we controlled people enough.  It showed each side of freedom of choice.  I really loved it.
Great book.  Good choice if you're into things like The Hunger Games and Divergent series.  (And I think predates these and is better but hasn't gotten the notoriety).
I really enjoyed this book it kept me reading and doing nothing else but that I loved the way the author can think of a setting this creative and write it so perfectly
It takes a lot to impress me when it comes to fiction and I have to say this was one of the best fiction reads I've ever read. A classic and a must read  for everyone.
I was assigned the book in junior high and didn't care for it. But re-reading it as an adult I definitely have a better appreciation for the messages found in the book.
This book teaches and/or reminds you what is really important!  Sometimes you can only really enjoy the most lovely things if you have seen some ugliness for reference.
"I enjoyed the story, but way too short, thought it was a novel, not a short story.  I would have liked to see what happens to the characters past where the story stops."
I read it in school and I was not supposed to read ahead. I did as soon as I read the third chapter. It is one of the books where even the boys will read it during luch
"This was probably the second dystopian fic I read as a child, 'Wrinkle in Time' being the first. Both are excellent, though I found 'The Giver"" to be more haunting."
"Fast read, but different than anything I have read before.  The Giver opens  ones eyes to a futuristic world of what is seen, but underneath it all what is the reality."
"I don't read a lot, but reading this book has taught me a couple things and also provides me with entertainment, I never wanted it to end. I will recommend it to anyone"
I read this for a book club thinking it would just be sappy.  I was pleaseantly suprised.  I look forward to discussing this book and will be recommending it to others.
"Have your child read this book and then discuss their thoughts on the book, it's a good book in the sense it should generate some questions or comments from your child."
This is my first time reading one of Lois Lowry's books and I was not disappointed. I love reading stories about dystopian societies and I think this story was amazing.
"I thought the concept of this book was astonishing. What an incredible world. ""Sameness"" reminds me of the movie Pleasantville.  I give it 4 stars because I was left wanting more at the end."
I can't believe I'd never read this young adult book but I'm glad I finally did. It reminded me a little of Aldous Huxley's Brave New World - but more interesting. I'm still pondering the ending ...
"I just read this book and it is fantastic!  One reviewer recommended it for people from age 8-50, and let me say that I am over that maximum age and still loved it. ""Couldn't put it down."""
The Book the giver was a excellent book that was well written. The book had much to do with folklore and mythology. i would recomend this book to anyone who feels there are things out there unknown.
This was a great book.  I recommend it to anyone who wants a challenging read and likes books that are thought provoking.  I highly suggest keeping a dictionary at your side while reading this book.
You have to read all 4 because the 4th ties them all together and everything feels concluded and finalized.each book is great on its own but there's a question of well what happened to this or them
It is an interesting story that shows possible conclusions of some present day attitudes and legislation. A good caution to exercise care in mandating equal results rather than equal opportunities.
"Great story just wished it had been longer.  I don't get why any book would ever be banned.  This book covers topics that need to be discussed, especially by young adults and teens.  Great premise."
"I read this book along with my grandsons 7th grade class.  This was their assignment to read ""The Giver"".I would highly recommend this book.  A real page turner and thought provoking."
"I recommend this book to kids ages fourteen  to eighteen. I also know a lot of adults that love this book. The story line goes at a good pace and its a good sized book, I just didn't like the story"
"Unsatisfactory ending, basic grade school reading material.  Not sure why this is the ""most read"" in Kindle Unlimited unless people are buying Kindles mostly for their kids."
very interesting take on a different type of society.  Some thigns I just didnt understand like how they removed hills so with that I questioned things but it a good book nontheless
"An excellent read.  It has a rather mysterious beginning, but one is drawn into the story.  I believe it had a happy ending for Jonas, but ended rather abruptly, before I was ready."
"Read this book about 20 years ago, bought this copy for my 14 year old. Today it's easy to see this book as a prophetic masterpiece... It's like Orwell's 1984 for the new millennia."
I liked this book. I can see why many schools use it as a reading assignment. Very thought provoking and raises excellent questions for young people to consider when making choices.
Did not read this as a teen and am gobbling it up now! I don't have high hopes for the movie but can't wait to see it as well. This is a VERY riveting read with much to think about.
"This book shows us the power of Memory. It defines for us that life is not just a series of events, but rather a series of experiences that should be shared with those that we love."
I have read this book before and loved it so I bought it and read it again. The movie will be out soon and I hope they do it justice. I will read the others in the series eventually
"This is a great book about dystopia and the scary possibilities that human life could take. First read this as a 10 year old, and now in my mid-twenties. Enjoying it more this time."
I enjoyed the book as an easy read but it seemed to have a short message with a lot of filler and not a lot of depth. The ending left me empty and lowered my enjoyment if the story.
"Book was great, my son (who's not fan of reading), read this entire book in two weeks, it captivated him and kept him interested.Great book, well written."
"I enjoyed reading the book until the end which was a huge anti-climax that I found very disappointing.  Im reading the second book in the ""Quartet"" now."
"Spectacular story with a timeless message.  It will continue to touch youthful readers and  older readers who have just  ""discovered"" Lowry's amazing book.  ."
Someone told me this was Science Fiction but I thought this was really a very good Fantasy.  I enjoyed it and can sure understand why young people like it so much.  .
LOVED it! What a great book! Couldn't put it down and can't wait to get into the next one.  Really makes you think and is something I think that everyone should read!
"I do not really like to read, but I had to read The Giver for summer reading and I actually enjoyed it. The book is so interesting and I don't know but it's good "
"The giver was a good yet sad book with a life of no choices, pain, hunger, or disorder. A potential utopia. This describes how such a place turns out to be dystopian."
I would recommend this book to anyone...I think that anyone would love this book . it's just a really good read I enjoyed it a lot. ...can't wait to read the sequel:)
You won't be disappointed in this fantastic novel. It's a quick read with much depth and political statements.  I'm looking forward to reading more of Lowry's beauty.
Interesting idea in the Giver. You get to the point where you in some respects  start to feel sorry for the Giver in training. Its in my opinion a good story to read.
I read this book over 15 years ago for a school assignment and it forever changed my thought perception!! Great book for young minds that are yearning for knowledge.
"I loved the giver!! It was one of the best books that I have read and I have read alot of books, Believe me!! So please if you haven't read it yet... Just Do It!!!!!"
"I chose this book for a child lit class, based on the recommendation of my professor.  Boy, am I glad I chose it!  Can't wait to read the other books in the series."
This was very creative. It's really creative for the author to make a world of no pain and suffering. And black and white. I can't wait to read the next 3 books :D.
I don't know why this book is so popular.  It was recommended for 6th grade classroom reading in my grandson's middle school.  I think it is entirely inappropriate.
"It definitely was not the best book I have ever read but it was okay. I wish it had more action, the lack of it made me think it long and not as interesting a read."
Didn't read yet but delivery was fast. Not a large book... much shorter than Divergent or Hunger Games for example. Just as pictured. Looking forward to reading it.
"Amazing novel. I read it for the first time when I was in middle school (10 years ago), and decided to reread it before I saw the movie. Loved it then, love it now."
"The book just pulled me in by it being such a horrible yet perfect world. I knew something had to go wrong, and that wrong felt great inside me... This was AMAZING!"
"Ms. Lowry made sameness so obviously boring and muted. It will make me strive to see colors, diversity, and uniqueness in this world more openly and open-heartedly."
"I first read this book in 5th grade, im 29 now and its still an all time favorite. I highly recommend this to anyone who likes to be provoked with thought.  Excellent book."
this is a great book with tons of adventure and stuff likethat.  it may seem a little weird and stupid at first but inthe end it is a great book. Read it!!...
The Giver by Lois Lowry is well written. Each chapter makes to reader want to see what is going to unfold next. The words the author uses will help build young peoples' vocabulary. The way Jonas makes sure that every word he uses to express his feelings or emotions have to be an accurate desription. The story line will appeal to any twelve year old because of the anxiety they are feeling at that age. The characters are believable. The Jonas's world is a serious place to live everyone must conform to the rules. The story is built around the responsibilities of turning twelve. The Giver teaches Jonas his responsiblities are the communty's new Reciever and it opens his eyes to a whole new way of life. I only have one caution for parents.  Parents should read this book first because it has a shocking way of dealing with people when they are no longer useful or cannot conform to the communites way of life. I recommend the book for mature pre-teens to young adults.
"The Giver is a great book about a boy named Jonas who lives in a future civilization with his two parents and sister, Lily. Everything is perfect and everything is the same every day. When Jonas becomes a twelve-year-old and gets assigned to his new job, as all the kids who are twelve do, his job is not a regular job -- it is a special assignment. He becomes the Receiver, a painful but important job. He must receive the memories of past times, good and bad. His leader, The Giver, has the job of giving the memories to Jonas.This is a very exciting book, one of those books you can't put down until it is done. This author is good at writing books that make you excited and tense by changing everything in the story until it makes sense. It's so much fun to know what happens in the end. It is unpredictable -- the story comes to a very different conclusion than you would think. It is a mix of confusion, adventure, and a little bit of sadness. I love it!"
"A truly great book. Mostly thought of as a children's book, but my book club thoroughly enjoyed it. We had a great discussion. I would highly recommend this to book clubs."
I found this book interesting in a way that the grass is not always greener on the other side.....  maybe a simpler way of life is way to live..... who are we to judge....
"This book makes you truly appreciate what freedoms we have.  Respect is shown, feelings are unknown or frowned upon and sameness is the rule.  The ending left you hanging."
Great book but ambiguous ending. I wish there was part 2 to the giver. There are 3 other books where the giver characters are mentioned but not actual part 2 to the book:(
"I read this book as a child, and it has remained with me into adulthood. Rereading it as an adult has been a tremendous pleasure. A quality read & thought provoking story."
This book shows the sadness and false happiness that is caused by a dystopia like is depicted within this story. Jonas is a character that many can relate and love deeply.
The story is good.  I cannot imagine that humans would put up with the kind of world he grew up in for long.  It did leave me anxious to know if there is more to come.
"So happy I decided to read this book as an adult. Fast, fulfilling read. Wanted more info about the giver at the end of the book but I was still satisfied. Great read."
The giver was amazing and how Jonas learned over time that their is more than the community and theirs feelings color and memories elsewhere and what Jonas has learned
The Giver invites the reader to think about what is being sacrificed to achieve sameness. I loved thinking about this on a societal level as well as on a personal one.
The Giver is a gripping tale that leaves you engaged in the Adventure until the last period.You will not be disappointed by its underlying Messages. A Must Read.
"It ended kinda weird. But now that i realize it is a quartet book, Im looking forward to the next book. I read this book in 2 1/2 days. I simply could not put it down."
This book reminds you of the good life we have and makes you wonder if we had the life the communities in this book were forced to have. I really recommend reading it.
I read these books to see if they'd be good for my kids. Surprised the AR level was so high. Seemed like an easy read with an interesting concept to get kids thinking!
The story attracted me from the sample.  It defends the value of having differences and how life would be meaningless without memories good and bad. We grow with them.
This was a required reading book that my son has to do summer reading asignment before entering the 8th grade as thry always asign a project every summer for the kids.
"I read this magnificent piece of art in grade 8 and its just such a beautiful and splendid book. I urge young people to read this, it was one of the best books I have read in my childhood."
"I have read this book four times, but every time I notice something new.  If you've read this book, read it again.  There is a lot of stuff that is easy to miss the first time you read it."
"I was given (pun unintended) this book as a gift shortly after its publication, but never took the time to read it. Well, I finally did, so here's an adult approach to the novel. First off, I have to say that the first 150 pages of this novel are stunning. The writing is brilliant and the ideas, though simplistic (but then, this is expected for a children's novel), are provocative. I'd say the best description of this would be that this book is the one Philip K. Dick would have written, had he written a children's novel. Unfortunately, the depth of the writing collapses in the end. I guess Lowry suddenly realized she wanted to keep the book under 200 pages in length, and just quickly wrote an ending that lacks almost all of the intelligence of the earlier work. Issues simply are'nt resolved that easily. Well, all in all this is a great book, more mature than I expected (dealing with the issues of puberty and abortion certainly don't usually fall in the children's novel category), but with an ending that could have used quite a bit more polish. Recommended."
"I read this as a kid and remembered liking it, so when the movie came out I decided to read it again. WOW! I had forgotten just how great this book was! Definitely a classic for all ages."
"I love the story and the way of thinking, but absolutely hated the ending that left so much to the unknown that kills me! Amazingly good still and who knows its how are future may end up."
I enjoyed reading The Giver. I read this at school and I wanted to buy this for my Kindle Fire. I couldn't put it down! I wanted to finish the book! I would definitely rate this 5/5 stars
"This is an all time favorite that gives you something to think about. My 5th grader enjoyed the deeper thought process involved with this book. Easy reads are great, but this has meaning."
The story line was great but the ending had me wanting for more.  I would love to know what happened in the new world with the main character and the child but I guess we will never know.
"This is aimed at the young adult, but I enjoyed the plot and the moral questions it raises. Since it is the first of four books, I suspect my opinion will change after reading the others."
It is amazing what society helps you to believe. A taste of something good or loving can open your eyes to a new world and beliefs. I enjoyed this book. It was recommended by my grandson.
I had somehow never read this before. It was a really great read. Another book looking at how trying to protect people often ends with shielding them from living.
I read this book in jr. High and it always stuck with me. So yeah i bought it again and enjoyed it. Just wish there was a part 2. Still great for the imagination.
Great book for young adults.  Great story to share with your child.  It encompasses a child's imagination and allows that imagination to take a life of its own.
"I was disappointed by the simplistic narrative and the rushed and ""un-conclusive"" ending. Waste of my time."
"Initial impression was 1984ish. Further reading leads one to question the propensity of discrimination in current times with the challenge of ""sameness""."
These books from Lois Lowry kept me reading till all hours of the night just to finish and start the next.  New author for me and will look for more of her work.
This is one of my favorite books that I read as a pre-teen. It has stayed with me ever since and I just found out there are sequels which I will be reading asap!
Really interesting book to read. The author knows how to pull the reader in quickly and keep you glued to the book all the way through. Already reading book # 2.
Thought provoking and deeply passionate. I doubt anyone could read this book and not be affected by it. Such vivid imagery make this book a must read. Stunning!!
I wish I could give it more stars!  Jeff Bridges and Meryl Streep are in the movie.  I believe it took Jeff Bridges nineteen years to get it made.  Lovely story.
I absolutely love The Giver - its like the original post-apocolyptic idealistic world story.  Its beautiful and thought evoking and terribly sad but so very pure and true.
This book is truly amazing but there are few errors of spelling and grammar and misplaced spaces throughout it. I love this book anyway though. It ended to quickly for me.
"This book is based on a community that is totally differnt than a realistic community. Read about Jonas, Asher, The Giver and the rest of the community. It's a great book."
It seemed to me the story just stopped for closure did Jonas and his brother make it what did they do when they got there where did they live I don't know.  Ending sucked
"I highly enjoyed this! Was so glad that it was different from many other dystopian books I've read, and it was refreshing that there wasn't a love story involved. Unique."
"In The Giver Lowry presents the perfect dystopian novel. Mysterious, personal, and almost plausible, I loved the balance between individual characters and world building."
"I have heard of this book as long as I can remember - clear back to high school. Nearly 15 years later, I finally made my way around to it and I couldn't be more pleased."
"Words cannot describe this book, that is how awesome it is. I loved reading this book start to end. Lois Lowry is an amazing author, and I hope that she keeps on writing!"
Writer spent a lot of time building characters and a wonderful story then ended the book in a few pages with an obvious ending.  More of a sci fi short story than a book.
Very engaging book...at the insistence of my 13yr old I read this book.  We've had fun talking about different ways it could have ended.  Good book to engage discussions!
"This was my second time reading this book and I am not sure why I read it again. I guess I liked the storyline of it, but I would not run to the store to purchase it."
A wonderful reading. My students love it! I love it year after year.  The reader brings life to flat characters who have no emotion and emotion to those that develop.
We purchased for a school read and love it on the kindle fire with the feature of touching a word and it giving the definition so she understands what she is reading.
This book is the coolest and i never would have guessed it was so good if a friend hadn't recomended it to me.  SO read it! I wish there were more books just like it.
I remember liking this book when I read it as a kid. It was fun to re-read as an adult. This book has so much simplicity despite telling a story about complex ideas.
"i have finished the series an the characters fates are revealed in the later books.  rating: 10+also, this means that the ending has a sort of small hangcliff."
"It was a good book, but the ending was horrible.  It just ended with no explanations and a lot of questions.  And the next boom has nothing to do with the first book"
I saw the movie and then read the book. Both are haunting classics. The story remind me a little of The Handmaids Tale by Margaret Attwood. A not too distant future.
It was okay. Not to bad. Sort of predictable. I'm definitely disappointed that we won't follow Jonas through the next few books. I won't be continuing with book two!
"interesting. could have had a less ambiguous ending. More rounded characters and personalities for the secondary players like the mother, the father and his friends."
You ever sit down to a timeless and classic book and read it Like it's the first time. This is what The Giver did for me. Second time around it was even better!
"Wonderful story and well worth the praise it receives, but it lacked details and descriptions. It's a great children's book but I would prefer something richer."
"Excellent book, just enough to make the story without getting ridiculous with the lifestyle differences. And, I greatly recommend reading the companion trilogy."
Slow moving at times but very solid premise. I enjoyed the concept but not sure how it will develop now that it seems the 2nd book doesn't pick up after book 1.
Always a good book to read and be thankful we're not in an environment like that.read in high school and was a great book at the time and still is a great book.
I have loved this book for a while. Recently reread it and still love it and I'm excited to read the other books in the series because that were not out before.
I really liked this book. I gave it four stars because the ending sucked. But for the rest it was good. It makes you think about how life will be in the future.
Very predictable story of dystopia gone wrong.  The few and the brave:  the old and the young.  This book was very much hyped and I was very much disappointed.
"I enjoyed the story, but wished the ending could have been different. It would have made a nice trilogy and I would have enjoyed learning how the town changed."
An easy book to read with a fascinating concept of our life and what could be in the future. The characters become very real. A good book for teens and adults.
"This book is simply amazing. It is an easy yet delightful read, this book has caused me to reflect on life and is definitely going to a treasured book to my kids"
Nice easy read. I read this as a kid but decided to re-read it since I didn't understand the adult themes. I'm glad I did. I hope the movie lives up to the book.
"This book is so short, but packed with so much thought. What if we lived in a society without feeling? How would we act? How much control should our rulers have?"
author has a great imagination and such fluidity in creating  this  civilization. Was a great read but should have been longer and did not like the ending at all
"... but becomes enthralling. A simple but powerful truth told from the perspective a young boy named Jonas. Wisdom, freedom, and life's splendor come at a price."
"Didn't love it, wish I had.  Hard to get involved with the characters.  Then, just when you care, it is abruptly over.  Probably won't read the following books."
Book club choice and even though it is a children's book and could not put it down. People who read the book and saw the movie said book better explained story.
"This book has everything: drama, excitement, adventure. And the best of all, it makes me think. I loved it and bought the whole series, which was great as well."
Enjoyed the book but it ended flat.  No resolution at all.  If you like everything tied up neatly you will be disappointed.  The book was better than the movie.
I couldn't believe how this book ended. Huge disappointment and so many unanswered questions. Looking forward to the movie to see if it clears things up for me.
"Read this back when it first came out when I was in grade school. Realized a movie was being made and had to retread it, just as enjoyable as it was back then."
My daughter - 12 years old - really enjoyed this book. She talked about all it's quirky ideas throughout reading it and is really looking forward to the movie.
"In my opinion, this book is for ages 14 and over.  I recommend this book because its a peaceful book and is science fiction new berry medal award winning book."
Really a good read. A great story and wonderful characters. I should have bought the paperback trilogy. Highly recommend saving money and buying the boxed set.
I love the way Lois Lowry describes everything so carefully. Her ideas were wonderfully displayed! Recommended for anyone with an imagination and an open mind.
"I loved this book! The details were shown through character's emotions, as well as spelled out to you. I great book to read during your spare time. Bon apetit!"
that's all I have to say.... I cried...(cause it was good)and I hate reading! I liked it though.. it has to be extra good for me to like something!
"I have been reading the book called The Giver for a while now. At first it was an odd topic and it made no sense to me. Then as I kept reading the story got intense and I did not want to stop reading it. I think this book is a really good book. The story is about a boy named Jonas living in a world of rules he gets assigned a role in his community but if I told you it I would ruin the story. The writer Lois Lowry is very good making you feel like you are actually there.  I don't think I would change anything in this book if I were asked to because it is just wonderful! I personally like reading fantasy but, I think this book changed my mind about Science Fiction because I have never felt like I wanted to keep reading a science fiction ever but this book is so exciting! I recommend this book to 6th-8th graders; it is great but may be a little too intense for 6th grade and under."
"The Giver series is something I missed over the years, such a good series to get into. Perfect for young and old adults. I highly recommend giving them a try."
Thoroughly enjoyed reading with my 11 year old daughter.It was an easy read but captivating and imaginative. Highly recommended for both boys and girls!
The Giver was good but reading the entire series made it even better.  Middle School through adult subject matter.  I feel it's a bit dark for elementary age.
"I have loved this book since I was in grade school! Can not match the way it opens up young minds to new ideas. Also, I am loving re reading this as an adult."
"There was so much building in the story then it seemed to just fizzle out with no real resolution, leaving the reader wondering where the rest of the book is."
"I liked the possibilities when you refused ""sameness"".I felt like I could personally relate to the story!Be adventurous with thoughts and actions!"
This book does what all good books should do - makes you pause and reflect on your related experience. We don't give enough importance to the power of memory.
"I started reading this for school and my mom told me I would like it, but I didn't realize how horribly sad it was! I love little Gabriel.  thanks Lois Lowry!"
"interesting and compelling.  It was hard to put down, trying to figure out what Lois Lowry might have happen next with her characters in this utopian society."
I've loved this story since reading it in Jr. High. It was one of the first books I bought when I got a Kindle & I've read it & it's sequels numerous times :)
This book is very different and quite strange but in a good way. It is a very good book about love courage and how great it is to live with hope and memories.
"Wow! Excellent book.  I had never read a book by Lois Lowry, but after reading this one, I read Number the Stars by the same author.  Also, an excellent read."
"I have always loved this book. It was my favorite book when as 10 and was so glad to find it on here! Definitely a different kind of book, no matter what age."
I recommend this book for anyone who wants to read an interesting unique book.  Its a classic with a fantastic twist.  It will leave you wanting to read more!
"this book is over the top,beyond words , where 11 year old Joanas finds a world beyond his own he sees things that nobodyelse can read this book and be amazed"
"I just love 'The Giver', and Lios Lowry is my most favorite author ever,I don't know what I would read with out her. Thanks for all the wonderful storys ever."
lois lowry from the first few pages of the book shares with the reader a perfect community which she captures beautifully.  i loved reading this awesome book!
The book opened my eyes to another way of thinking. I don't think that way  would work in the real world. I didn't like how they kill people for what they do.
ougstanding wonderfull jaw dropper loved it perfect nice clofhanger great story i liked it lotts so good and outstanding you wil stsy up reading it all night
It was a beautiful story and I hope that any children I have will read the book. I wish the author best of luck on new books and cannot wait to read another!
Excellent book- the societal norms are as frightening as they are effective - the memories vivid and purposeful - the choice and cost of freedom - powerful -
Excellent book.  It lends a variety of interpretations.  It  is suspenseful and full of surprises.  I think it is a must read for parents and children alike.
"A chilling essence of Shirley Jackson's, ""The Lottery.""Large drafts of impending doom and suspicious reflections are striking and quite scary."
"I wasn't sure what to expect from reading The Giver. I saw the movie, then felt driven to read the book. I have to say that Lois Lowry is an amazing author."
I really enjoyed this book.  The story line kept me involved all the way to the end.  I really liked the way the author made the characters seem believable.
I read this book because I saw it is coming out in the theater this summer.  It was a very interesting read and I can't wait to see how the movie plays out.
This was a nice introduction to dystopia for young adult readers.  Good twists and turns kept things interesting.  Looking forward to reading more by Lowry.
I got this book because I needed for school and its a book we are reading as a class a home and I really like it I lost mine at school so I got it in Amazon
This was a shipment that came fast and was in great condition I would recommend anyone looking for good classic books for there kids to read to use amazon!!
I thought that this book was a great but it was kind of confusing.  I would not recomend this book for kids under 10.  If I had to read it again I wouldn't.
"My 5th grade teacher read this book to our class, I soon bought it. It's soo great! I think people should read some of it. I couldn't get my hand off of it!"
"I have yet to read the book, but the title of this posting is misleading.  This posting is for only The Giver, not the entire quartet as the title implies."
The author leaves you hungry to know what will happen to Jonas and Gabriel. One wonders how society could get to the point of not wanting to feel anything.
"Well written and held my attention but a bit too futuristic for my tastes.  Frankly, I didn't like the story. I found it depressing and almost frightening."
Very good. Liked the writing. It helps to understand what could happen in the future. I would recommend this book to people who have read the hunger games.
The Giver was kind of hard to understand in some parts.  The community they live in is very different compared to ours!  I think you should read this book.
"This book is not for everyone.  My child had nightmares after reading chapter 19 which I would easily rate R for graphic detailed violence.  For parents who take their responsibility of monitoring the material their children are exposed to, be sure ahead of time that your child will not be emotionally upset by the ""how - to"" description of the actions.  In my opinion, there are no redeeming qualities to this book.  My child could not evaluate anything to do with the book because she was obsessed with the murder of an innocent new-born baby.  While other people may say that it's not real, the subject of euthanasia is real.  I would never recommend this book, however, I would caution parents, and teachers alike to evaluate the person for whom the book is being selected and determine if he/she will be negatively affected by it ahead of time."
"I hardly ever write reviews for anything but had to here.  I finished the book and thought there must be another book to follow to finish the storyline.  I kept on searching and couldn't believe it.  That was the ending.  Holy sssh!  That was the worst ending I have ever read.  It left everything unfinished.  Things that the author could have developed a little further, finished and make it an ""ok"" read.  But wow!  That was so bad I feel like I should be a writer if this got that many good reviews.  I then think of all the positive reviews and thought how in the world?  Maybe it attracted some Christians who sees some allegory to christian teachings or something and got a bunch of them reading it.  Maybe it's like yelp where it's just rigged. I literally can read a 400-500 page book in a day and this was a colossal waste of my time.  Not happy!"
I remember my children reading this book many years ago when they were in school.  Wish I had read it at that time to share ideas about society with them.
a very fascinating idea at first your a bit lost and then it all starts to make sense and you really start to wonder and understand the depth of this book
I love this book. It makes you think what if you had to live there!! It leave you at your sit in ever chapter. It also had a surprise ending to the book!!
A truly heart breaking and eye opening story.If you have never read it - do.If it has been a long time or you read it in schoolreread it
I have read the Giver twice and enjoyed it more each time.The rest of the books in the series are great also.I'm just finishing the entire series again.
This is part of a 4-book series.  I would buy the book/ebook that has all four stories rather than each of the four books since they are so inter-related.
"I was hoping for a little more action in the story. However, it's a good, short read especially for those who enjoy the distopian society kind of stories."
"I found this book interesting, entertaining and enlightening. It kept me interested all the way through.  It has a different ending than one would expect."
This story kept me on my toes wanting to read more but I had to hold myself back. I can't wait to read the next book I want to see how Mrs. Lowry does it.
"This is an excellent book.  Lois Lowry fully and accurately describes the society with rich, pertinent detail.  A must-read for any middle school student!"
The Giver has a boring beginning but it gets more interesting. Jonas discovers the truth behind his community.Jonas unlocks the secrets to the commmunity.
"I decided to read The Giver before I saw the movie which comes out tomorrow.  As a fan of the recent Twilight series, The Hunger Games, and the Divergent series, I decided that this book falls within the same genre. As I read The Giver, I greatly anticipated the ending and began to read faster until it suddenly ended, and I was left feeling that there should be more.  I can't tell you exactly why I didn't particularly like this book because it would ruin the story for those who want to read it. And actually, I would encourage you to read it, and decide for yourself.  There is a lot to think about and to discuss which is why it has been a popular book in schools (I am a retired middle school English teacher).  I probably will not go see the movie now.  That's really all I can say without giving away the story.  Again, read it and decide for yourself."
I got this book after I watched the movie.  It is a really good book and I can't believe I didn't read it sooner.  I think you will enjoy the story line.
"I love this book. Recommend this book for anyone that likes adventure,mystery, and a great story. This book really make you look at the future and think."
"Beautiful, haunting book. For those who say they hate the ending- they completely missed the whole point of the book, it's what you make it to be. Loved!"
"This was required summer reading for our son entering 6th grade. The movie came out shortly after. As in most cases, the book was better, in our opinion."
Had no idea what to expect from the book so I am completely fascinated with the plot! I wish it lasted longer. I am very curious about the movie version!
The giver is one of those classic novels that you can come back again and again. I will definitely be purchasing this book so I can read it sporadically.
"i love the book so much, it really is sad what some people have to deal with, and the book really opens your eyes to show you this. I wish it didn't end."
"Thought-provoking, full of an unfamiliar kind of love, and spare of unnecessary sentiment. A wonderful look into a future that we would be wise to avoid."
five-star story really made me think and you know feel what Jonas was feeling I really hope that you Chan agree and if you didn't already READ THIS BOOK!
"Lois Lowry has really done it this time. Excellent plot, and it kept me reading to the bitter end. I can't wait to see how they adapt this for the movie!"
It is rare that you a book you read at school that you actually enjoy.I have been reading this book over and over for 20 yrs and I never get tired of it!
It was very interesting. The words are not so difficult for non- native and  most of all the construction of a sentence was clear and easy to understand!
"I ha a little trouble figuring it out but once I got into the book and understood it the book, I really enjoyed it.  I am now reading Gathering Blue and liking it very much."
I love the book so much!!!! It is very captivating throughout the entire story! Once you read The Giver you are going to want to read the next book which is Gathering Blue!!
Quick but excellent read. I read it because I had seen the trailer for the movie and was curious about it. I like the dis utopia  concept and this is really a good  example.
"This book contains so many great metaphors and parts of figurative language. Also, while reading this book there was not a moment in time I was bored. I highly recommend it."
"Loved it as an adolescent, loved it again as an adult. Message it conveys still rings true today, love and pain, pleasure and sadness, they give our lives and memories color"
this book has depth and meaning and keeps you guessing! i kept reading because i wanted to know what being released was! again great book another one of lois's greater books
"The way the book unfolds and shows an alternate reality is gripping.  I recommend this book without a shadow of a doubt, and Lois Lowry is an author of unsurmountable skill."
"There are some books that after reading the last sentence, I can't speak for a few minutes, and when I finally can, all I can say is ""Wow.""  This is one such book."
"Great book, and ending"
"In a world of social deprevation and singularity, one without individuality and self discovery, there is one that is different... One that sees that which others take for granted, and that which others cannot...Jonas leads a regular life, and has no idea what the future will hold for him at the Ceremony of Twelve that draws near. Shock at his job assignment for life is quite evident on the face of every community member except for one.His tale of work with the most important individual of the community will bring him to the ultimate choice...----------------------------I personally liked this book, every time I read it, the book got easier to understand. My thoughts often time would be reflections of what I would day dream off as based from the reading I had to do.This book represents the ideas that several socities have thought of to some degree, and represents a form of socialism in a way."
"At first the title scared me, but after the first couple pages.... I was hooked.  I could not put the book down.  I stayed up past my bedtime by 4 hours."
The Giver is a wonderful story about growing up as well as all of the important responsibilities and choices that come with it. A must read for all ages!
Outstanding series.....enjoyed the storyline....was a quick read.Could not put it down.Was enthralled with the concept that the world could be like this.
"I read this to my kids many years back, but couldn't remember the story, just that we had enjoyed it.  So I ordered it again and loved it all over again."
Excellent quality. books were jus like new! also excellent customer service. was able to contact this provider and receive timely response to my inquiry.
"I think The Giver was very interesting. Lois Lowry have good detail. Sometimes it was confusing. I liked it. But, it was not as good as The Westing Game."
"I greatly enjoyed reading Lois Lowry's book ""The Giver"". One of the reasons I liked this book is because it wasn't quite a totally ""out there"" book, but it did have a certain element of fiction in it that to some would seem fanciful and far-fetched, but I believe Lowry approached in a real way. Jonas is living in a perfect world where everyone is behaved and nothing ever goes wrong, until he is ""selected"" to become the next receiver of memory, and this will turn his save world into something dark and twisted. He finally gets to look around and see something real for the first time in his life. I believe that The Giver provided an accurate perception of Lowry's dream world, and also it had a certain element of suspense that is a rarity among books today. It's unique and makes you think, which is why I enjoyed reading the book so much."
"Will Bowling When it comes to censorship, I think you can think about what you want to think about, and let other people think about what they want. After reading the book The Giver, thought it was an okay book. I don't really like to read so I don't read books unless I have to. The Giver is a weird book. I don't know why you would have a community with no color or memory or anything like that. It's just stupid. The Giver is a good book, I guess, if you can understand it, I thought it was very confusing because the whole town is colorblind except for a couple of people. And they can't have memory or experience pain. I got confused on that part. Only The Giver and the receiver of memories can see color. But at the end they get back to their community and everybody can see color and they are all having fun."
"Refreshing story of life. I found an explanation of why it is important to experience life's struggles and hardships, so we then learn our true purpose."
I thought the giver was amazing the only thing that the author could have done better was mention some facts like there was no color earlier in the book
Excellent quick read that makes you want more.  Unexpected ending though I believe it's only the beginning for more.  Finished the book in two sittings.
One of the best books that I ever read in school and I'm excited to read it again.I'm sad for how badly they're going to mess up this movie.
I was enjoying this book so much and all of a sudden it was over! I wish it had been longer and that the life of these people had gone into more detail.
"Bizzare book, couldn't get into it. Only made it through a couple of chapters. If you want a good distopian story read Brave New World by Aldus Huxley."
The Giver was a quick read. Great concept and quite interesting but had the feeling of a children's story. It hasn't tempted me to complete the series.
"Very deep, thought-provoking book. Short and sweet - leaves you wanting more but is clearly a modern literary piece that will be studied in the future."
Excellent book. It was a quick read. I thought the movies was pretty darn good so I bought the book. I thought the book was even better than the movie.
"I was aware of this book for years and felt fairly curious. On the recommendation of a friend, I decided to give it a read and I could not put it down."
"Excellent book, and I think all ages would enjoy this.  Good food for thought about how humans live as well, the good news and the bad news so to speak"
Haven't read this book in nearly a decade and decided it was time to read it again. It felt like it was my first read through. I couldn't  put it down.
I understand the reasons for simplicity but I did not like that It starts really good but it does not keep the intensity. The end is particularly weak.
Amazing book from young to old. Giving you a great perspective on the freedom that you have. A must read for all young people. Thank you to Lois Lowry!
Great classic read ! Glad I read again as adult- more meaning! Author leaves ending for major discussion. Definitely a chance to see a utopian society.
The Giver was a nice easy ready and I really enjoyed it. I will pay this book forward to my 10 year old next year. Will recommend this book to friends.
"Loved this book when I first read it in 5th grade & I still love it now.  It's a very quick and easy read, too. I read it over the course of a weekend."
I loved the fact that this book was simple and complex and the same time.  I couldn't put it down!  I will be reading more books by this gifted author.
"For some reason this book stuck out to me in middle school and now as an adult I wanted to read it again, forgot how short it was but its a great read."
Wonderful read!! I.finished it way too soon! The characters have amazing depth and the author did an amazing job keeping the story engaging throughout!
At the end of the book hod no great end at all. The rest of the book was very nice and easy to follow. I think that all children should read this book.
"This book is a real heart graber. It makes you think in ways that you never have before. After reading The Giver, you will never think the same again!!"
Chillingly stunning
"""The Giver"" is a novel which takes place in a community of the future. This community has strict rules. The people have no memories about their history and they don't see any colours. Only one man has the memories how life was in th epast. This man is the receiver of memories. His name is Jonas and he is 12 years old. He is trained by the Giver who was thr receiver before. They make a plan to change the community. They want to give the memories back to the people so that the get back their individuality. Will this plan work? Read the book and u will see it!I think the book is great. It has a very good story. However, there are some logical mistakes in the plot and the end isn't the best I've ever read. But if you are not irritated by the mistakes and like future novels you have to buy and read this bookHave Fun!!!!"
I was pulled into this book from the beginning and felt like I knew characters.  This is a good story and is hard to put down. I wanted it to continue
Wow.  I'm not usually a fan of science fiction or fantasy but this book grabbed me and wouldn't let go.  I keep thinking about the questions it posed.
I'm not a young adult but liked it very much.  All choice is taken away & meds are given to control hormones. Thankfully a few recognize this & escape
It provided a brief glimpse at what life would be like when we try to control everything. I enjoyed reading and look forward to completing the series.
"The Giver is a very special book, an adventure story, a love story, and a story about risk taking which comes to a beautiful end (r is it a beginning?"
"im having my 12 year old read it.  My mom loved it.  I thought it was perfect, for today's time and what the kids go through growing up in this world."
This is quite thought provoking and extremely satisfying. I have ordered the full quartet and wish I didn't have to wait four more weeks to receive it
"This is probably the type of book that would be read in an English class in school. It's ok, but not something to read for light reading and pleasure."
"Good selection for young readers, gets them thinking about society and our roles in it.  Did not care for the ending much but still an excellent read."
"Brought back memories. Sends powerful message during today's times. Has value from a cognitive science perspective, in addition to  political science."
Well it was recommended for my 9 year old but the content I feel is way too heavy for a 9 year old.  I look forward to reading the rest of the series.
I enjoyed the book and the setting. Especially the details of the community. However I wanted more of Jonas and Gabe journey and what happens to them.
Classic young adult fiction.  I loved it and am happy that my 6th grade daughter is now reading it.  This is a creative story and an easy read. Enjoy!
My 12 year old daughter had to read this book for her gifted and talented program at school.  She likes it so much that it doesn't seem like homework.
Love this book. Just read it earlier this year and was severely disappointed that I didn't read this in school when I was younger like everyone else.
My teacher read this to is in the fourth grade. Now as a teacher I read it again... The private discovery in this story is so essential to its power.
"I LOVE LOVE LOVE this book!! I definitely suggest this book! I can't get over how great it is and how well it puts pictures into you're head!(This review was written by my 9-year-old, who very much enjoyed the book.)"
"I really enjoyed the book, but it's a little slow to get started. The story line is good, but the ending leaves you with a million and one questions."
"This was a great book.  Easy read.  Makes you question life, what really is true and what isn't, and what kind of person you want to be in the world."
A simple to read story about an Orwellian future world that our present administration and all big governments would love to impose on us. SCARY huh?
"It was recommended by a friend, but once I began, it captured my attention from beginning to end ...I definitely would recommend my students read it!"
This as a fantastic book and arrived in great condition. The ending is horrible but I had to get it anyways because the rest of the book is fabulous.
I read this book in high school. I found it very interesting and imaginative. It is a book I always recomend. It made an incredible impression on me.
"This book is the greatest book that has won the newberry award. This book is fabulous! The action is ""edge of your seat"" reading! READ IT!!"
"The whole idea of The Giver is something you would never even consider thinking about in real life.  In a world with no emotions, or color, there isn't really much left in the word ""life"". A young boy lives with a family  that was chosen for him, and for each other. The community he lives in  decides who will get married, who will be a doctor, and even what a person  will do when they are too old to work. This book makes you realize that  life is supposed to be a roller coaster, and if it wasn't, life would be  pretty bland. I liked the idea the author had in mind when she wrote the  book-life is for love. The young boy gets a taste of what life really is,  outside of his community, and sees how much more he is missing. There is  love, but there is hate. And sometimes it's hard to deal with it when  you're all alone."
"This was a well-written book.  I have nothing against that part.The story was super interesting and held my attention.I felt the characters were well developed.I think the setting could have been described better but I have no idea how she should have done that.I felt like the last bit of this book was rushed.Its a short book to begin with so a little more wouldn't have hurt anything, like an actual ending!I went from feelings of wow, how will all this play out to what the heck, its over?At one point I even went back a few pages to see if I missed something.I was very disappointed in the ending.I do not plan to read the rest of the series.I honestly do not understand how this book won awards?I wasn't horrible but it was not award worthy either."
"I recently saw the movie and couldn't wait to read the book. It does not disappoint, and I am anxiously anticipating reading the rest of the series."
"Loved the book. Though it was intended more for children and adolescents, there are some powerful messages that adults can take away from the story."
"This is a quick read that reminded me somewhat of The Hunger Games, with a much softer touch.  I will recommended it to my 12year old granddaughter."
"A great night read!! Short but truly fulfilling, the ending was quite abrupt but nonetheless a good one.I can't wait for the film to come out!"
I love this book. It was so much fun sharing this book with my students. Utopianism isn't ask you think it would be. Everyone should read this book!
"It's been awhile since I read the book. I read it in my junior year of high school and loved it! When you are finished reading it, you'll want more!"
the author did a great job keeping it interesting and entertaining. I would recommend this book and look forward to reading more in this collection.
This book was short but good. It kept me wanting to read and I read it in a day. I didn't like the ending too much but can't wait for the movie now!
"I read it first when I was in the fourth grade. It absolutely stunned me. This is a great read for all young readers, albeit very emotional as well."
"Although considered to be a young adult book, I was caught up from the first page to the last.Wonderful book for discussion - whatever the age"
These books really drew me into the stories rapidly.  I liked the way they interconnected in the fourth book.  Good stories for readers of all ages.
"Lois Lowry raises excellent questions for adults (and young adults alike) to wrestle with, in the spirit of all good literature.  But while the book is designated ""science fiction,"" the ""GOTCHA!"" ending evaporates into fantasy, leaving the SF reader grasping at vapor.While more and more modern authors seem content to leave countless narrative strings hanging, it's too bad that happened with this particular story.  As a result, I don't think I'll be picking up any more of Lois Lowry's books, because I'll be expecting lazy writing (and an unsatisfying read) inside."
What can I say it's a classic. I've always loved this book and honestly the book is much better than the movie in my opinion. I'm glad I bought it.
This was a great book. I used it as a study for several Chinese students trying to improve their English skills and we all really enjoyed the read.
"This was a great book.  It was very well written. I would have enjoyed the ending more, if it were longer and more detailed. I enjoy happy endings."
"I really didn't like this book. The movie is even worse. As imperfect as our world is, it's much better than the alternative presented in the book."
This is a great story. I read it when I was younger and it was a great read them but even better now that I am older (and not required to read it!)
"It was an interesting read, however it left me feeling like it wasn't finished. Maybe I'm glad I don't know how it truly ended, but I felt cheated."
But had a disappointing ending. It just suddenly stopped and let the reader with alot of questions. I would not recommend this book to anyone else.
This book held my attention from the first page to the last.  It is thought provoking and captivating.  I will never look at things the same again.
"This book was just fantastic with its shocking twists and turns. Very easy to predict, but you need to find out what builds up to the final ending."
I loved this book. I am usually a very strict critic but it is one of the best books that I have ever read. It had an outstanding impression on me.
The Giver is a great story and I'm glad I decided to re-read it. It's not as long as the books I usually read but it still kept me hooked until the very end.
Characters are not fully developed society hollow it has the quality of a TV show or TV series no real depth would not recommend it for a active young reader
"I LOVED this book. It wad exceptionally well written and I only wish there was more. I'm excited to read the others. Hopefully, they're as good as the first."
Every eighth grader should read this book. I think they will enjoy it.  Each student will come away with a different experience and knowledge from this book.
Very interesting book. I like the story line. The books cliffhanger ending leaves too much left unanswered. I will be reading the next to continue the story.
"I've read this book when my daughter was in 5th grade, she recommended it to me and I really loved it!  I got this book now so my husband can read and enjoy."
"This book seemed like a normal time and place in the beggining, but eased into confusion as the book proggresed. An outstanding book for children and adults."
I read this book when I was in 4th grade and then I let both my parents read it.  They loved it and I loved it.  A great read for a person who wants to read.
My son read this year's ago and loved it. A few friends of mine told me it was one of their favorite books of all time. It is now one of mine! Amazing Book!
Very interesting book that was rewarding to read again after middle or high school! Truly makes you think about life and what social changes should be made.
I thought this book was really great!  It kept on the edge of your seat and was filled with suspense. Perfect book for a suspense thriller to read!
I loved the book and read the entire book in one evening.....but I despised the ending....now I'm scared to read the other books in the series....
My son was reading this with his 8th grade class at school and talked about it so much that I decided to read it myself.  I thoroughly enjoyed it!
"I found the story to be another of the allegories of our time. . . works with 1984, Anthem.  An easy, quick read.  I cannot wait to see the movie."
I. OW. GET. HAMMER. IT. HEAD. Maybe I just need to be in junior high school again to truly appreciate this. Though I'm totally skipping the movie.
"I found the book very interesting but feel it is definitely a ""Youth"" read.  Thought provoking, however.  My grandson, aged 21, loved it!!"
I appreciated the pace and rhythm of this book. It was very interesting throughout. It was hard to put down. I was very disappointed with the end.
"This was an incredible book.  Lots of things to discuss with my 11 yr old, who also read it.  An insightful look at freedom of thought and choice."
"I say it was a very good book and you should read it. I recommend to read the rest as well, but they won't make sense unless you read this one 1st"
"When I first started to read this book, I didn't like it at all, but it gets a WHOLE lot better and it is the best sci-fic book I have ever read!!"
"This is a classic. Powerful, compelling, original. If you're like me, and love to read, you'll love it.  If you're not like me, and hate read, you'll  love it too."
This book is one of the best books I have ever read. I htink Jonas was very brave for leaving his community. It's a book you MUST read and I know you will love it!
I really thought I was going to be bored with this book but I started reading it and I couldn't put it down loved it. My sister read it to her students in school.
A page turning book that decribes a world were all aspects of your life are chosen for you for the greater good...you will never look at colors the same way again
"What is all the hype about. I'm sorry, maybe I'l old fashioned but I do't get it. It's so inconceivable. I would rather y'all read the Hunger Games trilogy. Yawn."
"I finished reading the book, I couldn't imagine the pictures in my head, but guess when I do see the movie it should help me understand. But I did like the book.."
The movie the giver and the book are amazing!! The story is perfect and is so heart warming. It gives you a better understanding of the amazing world we live in.!
"This thought provoking book is very insightful. There are many parallels one can make to ""Sameness."" I am happy I get to explore and experience Elsewhere!"
"I read the book in one go today, days before my son would get his copy. It's a beautiful book and for sure will be very interesting to see how my son takes to it."
"I enjoyed the premise, and the plot was a bit creepy, but predictable. It was a worthwhile, thought-provoking read, but I wouldn't call it a ""page-turner"""
"I ordered the larger print version and the book I received still had the small print, so I was a little disappointedExcellent value though."
"I enjoyed the story and the writing, but it was a little young for me.  Of course it was recommended by my 15 year old grandson, so did I expect!"
This is a great book for readers of all ages. It really makes you think and offers many different interpretations and readings. A must-read book!
"The best book I have ever read in a while. It is hard to understand in the begining, but don't give it up. You will not regret reading this book!"
"I read this book when I was 12 years old and it is still one of my all-time favorite books.  I would recomend this book to any one, young or old."
This book will give you a good look at how a community communicates with one another. Jonas is able to feel the feeling the Giver is telling him.
The GiverBY Tori Hall I thought the book The Giver was ok.  The beginning of the book started out good but as the book went on I found that it got strange.  The book took on a very science fiction sense as it got into the book.  The book changed from being a book about a different community to being a book that kept talking about people killing other people with shots.  I found it changed around too much through out the book to really enjoy it.  And last of all the ending left me confused.  I did not know if the main character Jonas had died or if he found A different place or what.  I think another factor that made me not really enjoy the book is the fact that we had to read it for school.  When you are forced to read something you do not enjoy it as much as if you choose to read it.
"It is pretty short.  And even in its brevity nothing of value is communicated from the writer.  I kept waiting for something to happen but it didn't.  And I honestly thought I had a technical issue with my Kindle at the end, like there has to be more (I checked in to it and I didn't have a technical issue).  Nothing controversial about the book because there is basically nothing in the book."
A very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very gggggggggrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeaaaaaaaaattttttt book
My far my favorite book. I love everything about it! This is the book that got me to rediscover my love of reading. I am so glad to own it now!!
"The Giver was a good read. The ending left me wanting more though. Hard to imagine a world with no sunshine, no color, and no love. Sounds depressing to, but it's not."
"The giver was a beautifully written book! It was a very enjoyable book. I enjoyed the last few chapters because it had my favorite characters,gabe, the give,and Jonas."
the giver was a very good book and if you start reading it you wont be able to put it down it is the best book i ever readThe Giver (Giver Quartet)
I had to read this book for a class. so many levels to it. some parts gave me chills. makes you think and ponder long after you finish the book. glad I had to read it.
The product was received in a very timely manner.  The books were of good quality at a good price.  We saved even more money by qualifying for the cheap shipping rate.
"Great book. If you like science fiction and enriching your imagination, read this book.  Lowry is a truly superb writer.  I would enjoy reading one of her others also."
"This book was excellent.  It was a little confusing at the end though.  At first I thought he died at the end, but then we discussed it in class and I changed my mind."
This book was the best book I have ever read. It was about a boy named Jonas who lives in a community that controls everything you do. I strongly recommend this book.
I thorough enjoyed this book. I'm an avid reader of YA and had been putting this one off for a while. I'm glad I decided to pick it up. Excellent story expertly told.
This book was so great! It kept me on my toes and wanting more! Even though it was so short I kept telling myself I don't want it to end! I absolutely love this book!
"Powerful, emotional and deep!  I just couldn't stop reading. So many emotions surged through me while reading this book! I highly recommend it!!"
This book can be read by ages from young to old. My son and I read it at the same time so we could talk about it daily. It really made us think.
I LOVE this book. It reminds me of the old science fiction books I read in middle school. I couldn't put it down. I can't wait to see the movie.
I never read this in school and have always wanted to...didn't disapoint. Would be a great book club book as it can generate lots of discussion.
The GIver is a good book especially for the younger crowd. I found it not to be as enticing as the advertisments and author forward did portray.
"Reminded me of the Hunger Games, but not violent.  It is thought provoking and wouldmake discussion material about various values in life."
"interesting book, have not read the following ones in the series, this one was well written and the character is very likable, hope to see more."
"A good book with a good message. No matter how you interpret it.Will the movie be as good? Will it end in the movie, like it ended for me?"
"I read this in 7th grade and then again for a graduate course. I found it just as relevant and thought-provoking, if not more, this time around."
A great read for teens but I would not recommend this book for younger children because of the content this not how babies come into this world.
"I thought this book was interesting and I liked it, but I never understood why everyone loves it so much. It's a good read, but not a must read."
"This fantastic book The Giver is about Jonas who is 11 years old. His community is all the same. They all have been named not by their parents but by the Elders. Their jobs, kid's families, and even their spouses are chosen for them. They live in a world with no colour, or music. When you become a 12 you get an assignment. Jonas was assigned a special job, The Receiver of Memory. Some memories he receives are scary, frightening and painful, but some are rather enjoyable.  This book caught my attention because the memories got more and more intense; it was also a bit shocking. I couldn't stop reading it; it was the best book I have read because it made me think about things in a different way. No wonder it won the John Newbery Medal!By: J.A.C 7R"
Exactly as expected.  Product description was spot on and the product functioned as well as it should have.  I would not hesitate to buy again.
This book shows true courage of which I admire Jonas for. He faced to fear in his journey. I stinking loved that book Ms can't wait to read #2!
Was told that the book was better than the movie so had to have both. Once you read the first book have to have the rest to complete the story.
Wonderful book. My wife and I both enjoyed it. I liked how you can interpret the ending in a couple different ways. I'd recommend it to anyone.
"My all-time favorite book from elementary school. Wonderful read for people of all ages. If you like Hunger Games or Divergent, give it a shot."
This book puts a different view on how things could be and is exciting.  There were many unexpected twist that don't let you put the book down.
"I taught this book to 7th graders years ago in public school. Just read it again with a different perspective. A thought- provoking, must read."
It is light.has good quality.very satisfied about it.the content of the book is very attractive.love it.shipping very fast.!!!so good a book!!!
Best book ever!!!!! :DIt has an amazing setting and you can really imagine the characters it's a great book totally worth the money! :)
"The book is well written and kept me turning the pages until the end. My reaction was ""huh?"" Sorely disappointed. Don't recommend it."
Saw the movie first and glad I did cause I would have been confused by the differences.  Love the movie AND the book despite the differences.
The story itself was good. Loved the concept. But the ending...I thought I did not receive the whole book. Like the last chapter was missing.
This is the best book ever I can't wait to read the sequels! READ IT RIGHT NOW!!!!!  It is a great book not just for kids!! For adults too!!!
Wonderful story! Worth the read. I loved the world Lowry created. The story stays with you long after you put the book down. Makes you think.
The book was really good the idea was good the way the author wrote it was good personally my favorite character was Asher he was so adorable
This book is really good. I will be using it for a literature study with my 6th grade ELA class. I think they will enjoy it as much as I did.
"This is a nice take on the popular future utopian world concept.  Good read although ending felt unfinished, left feeling like I wanted more."
This book was very well written but I would have liked to know what happen to Jonas next. I like this book but it was a little disappointing.
"It was a good read and very thought provoking.  After reading, I very much enjoyed reading the other reader's interpretation of the ending that the author provided."
This was one of those reads that you think about for days after you finish. It was stark and shocking as well as endearing and innocent. Would definitely recommend.
It was ok. The ending was a little weird. I'm generally ok with ambiguous symbolic endings but I guess I was hoping there would have been some point to his journey.
My 10 year old daughter was reading this for her book club so I read it along with her.  It was a very engaging storyline. I really was hoping more from the ending.
"Really enjoyed reading this book.  Very simple, easy read that will keep you interested...what a concept thought of ""sameness"". Very thought provoking book!"
"This book was very interesting . As I read the story , I imagined our time as id it were "" Sameness "" . I imagined the past .... being a colorless shade of gray . I"
The book was very good except it ended it ended to abruptly. It builds up the unknown Elsewhere and then leaves you short.  The reader doesn't even get to go there.
This book really makes you think of what life would be like in a different Utopia. My class is reading it and I just can't wait for the next day of reading to come.
"When I first saw this book I thought it would be not interesting and bad. Later on while I was reading the Giver I could not put it down. It is about a twelve year old boy named Joans. Joans lives in a community where there is no pain, no crime, no feelings, and no fear. In his community every one was assinged an assignment or as we know it a job. Except in that community you get assinged your job when you are twelve which is when you turn into an adult.When Joans was twelve he was an adult and his assignment was to be the next reciver.  To be a reciver you need to have enough courage, intelligence, integrity, and wisdom, all of which Joans had. Joans job was basically to carry pleasureable and painful memories to carry on from an elderly woman known as the Giver.  I would strongly recommend this book to everyone. If you have read the book Tuck Everlasting than you would like this book."
"Had to read this book for Intermediate school and college, it's a great read and This is probably the cheapest I have been able to find it. So why not get it here?"
Well thought out as a complex tale must be.  Finally I realized its magical thinking and it was less believable to me.  Maybe all dystopian stories are.
"I love Lois lowry's books, they really grab you. I think the giver and Jonas had a father son type connection and that reflected upon Gabe and Jonas too"
Enjoyed it for the most part the ending is not what I expected. I really wished I remembered reading this in school that way I could compare perceptions
This is a very intresting book about a world in the future and tells us to  choose the right thing to do! I really liked it because it has a good story!
I enjoy the whole series but this one is my fave by far! The story is so radically different than any other dystopian of the time period it was written.
The ending was like a cliff hanger.  No ending!!! It builds u up & leaves u there!!! I was hoping the next book would continue the story but it doesn't.
It was OK.  We thought that the end was very weak and that the other books would elaborate.  But I guess it is a good but for children in middle school.
This book made me appreciate memories. I could not bear to not have felt real true memories and feeling. That is why I highly suggest reading The Giver.
"Not sure how I missed this book when it came out but it is firmly on my ""must read"" list now. I have told everyone how much I enjoyed this book!"
"it was a simple well written story, great for school assignments that let the group go off on different paths based on everyone's different experiences."
"Our book club picked this.  I know it is for teens, not retirees so I shouldn't be critical.  I'm sure there will be a good deal of discussion at our next meeting."
Dystopia in utopia.  The perfect world isn't so perfect once you know what you're missing.  A book everyone should read.....once.  Not a book I want to read again.
"This was the best book that I have ever read in my whole entire life. I am only 12, but it's much better than all of the other books that I have ever red for sure."
I was looking for a more well developed story.  A bit one note and predictable.  I heard that this was made into a trilogy and will be looking for the other books.
If you you're interested in a thoughtful read then this is the book for you! It's fairly short but there's not a single part of this book that will have you bored.
I was enthralled with the story and Jonas and the Giver. The ending left me feeling a little wide open with an equal mix of despair and hope for Gabriel and Jonas.
I've read this book a lot and every time the memory oh the detail and the artistry in the writing makes me so happy in glad to have finally gotten the whole series
The book is a very interesting take on dystopian writing that will leave you wanting more. Lois Lowry has expertly crafted interesting characters and a solid plot.
great book for an eigh grader..my students love this book...i recomend it to any literature teacher my students are asking to do another novel in this genre.
I think that the giver is a good book because when you read it for the 5 time you still think it's the a good book. Also you allways find somthing new in the book.
"Well written, good narrative and character development but somewhat predictable. The ending to book 1 was a let down and rather disappointing."
I am enjoying my reading time with Jonas.  Looking forward to Kid.  I will enjoy seeing the movie.  Hope the characters stay like in the book.
Interesting premise but book ended right when it might have been really interesting.  No why.  Just happy up-lifting leave-you hanging ending.
This book brings to bright light how valuable yet extremely dangerous the journey through life is. And how very glorious and dire all at once.
I had heard of this book being great yet couldn't decipher what the book would be about glad I read this book in as our was truly to touching!
Easy to read and thought provoking.  I can't  wait to read the next book in the series.  How sad a life without memories or feelings would be.
"Loved re-reading this classic from middle school. Excited to see how the movie is done. The illustrations don't add much to the story, for me."
Thought provoking story of supposedly ideal community.  Had excellent discussions with friends and family about the issues raised in the book.
I'm not a big reader but I started reading it in school and couldn't put it down. If you like a book with a creepy twist you'll love this book
"I bought this book to read along with my 12 year old grandson.  We both enjoyed it, and had a great discussion about living in such a society."
This book should be on everyone's reading list regardless of what age you are. It is such a powerful novel that can be read again and again.
this book is a classic. when I seen they were doing the movie i realized i didn't own the book so i brought it. and it was at a great price.
"Book came in good quality, brand new. Speedy delivery. Great book for young adults. I read this in elementary and had to reread as an adult."
My grandsons got me interested in this series. I am so happy they did the book is wonderful and keeps me guessing as what is happening next.
Very interesting story and keeps your attention throughout. I couldn't put it down!  I found myself wishing for a different ending though...
The stories present several moral situations to teach young adults key moral concepts and the value of personal responsibility and integrity
"This book was a page turner, could not put down.  Very thought provoking.  Going to read again, loads of powerful messages.Loved it:))"
"I thought it was very interesting. I didn't understand the ending too much, but it was a very good book, I and I highly recommend this book."
"This book was very unexpected. The detail of it all was quite good and crazy, but most of it was fairly bland and un exciting in the middle."
"I love this book, I read this book in middle school and have read it several other times over the years, liking it just as much as the last."
"The Giver will help you find yourself over and over again, until the end. It is without a doubt one of the greatest books that I have read."
The book was very good. I just saw the movie and I prefer the book version. Must read the book to understand what's happening in the movie!
"I loved this book, very eye opening and heartfelt. The strength and courage is very humbling. Definitely recommend. And will see the movie."
This book was great I'll definitely give this 5 stars.Lois  Lowry u are an excellent writer . I will love to read another one of your books
I was not impressed with the characters or the protagonist. The story was predictable and the prose was as gray as the world Lowry created.
This book was excellent. I look forward to watching the movie and reading the quartet that seems to have taken more than a decade to write.
I hope the movie is better.  This was no where near as good as I expected it to be.  I think it is more of an artsy book than a good story.
"This is a fast short book that makes you think.  I liked most of it, now I'm interested to see how they do the movie. I would recommend it."
I'm working on reading this book and am excited!  I have never read this. It keep hearing great things. I'm going to read the whole series.
"The book dropped off after about halfway through however, I am finding the second book in the quartet to be quite a bit more interesting..."
I read this book back when I was in fifth grade and loved it. I bought it from my gf who is a book worm because I wanted to share it with her.
I bought it for my 5th grader and it arrived promptly. He's not allowed to read ahead as part of a discussion group but so far he's intrigued.
"While written for children, this is a remarkable book that tells a great story with clarity and compassion.  It is a quick and wonderful read."
"I liked this book but it was rather predictible. I was able to figure the plot line relatively early. However, it was still very entertaining."
This is the absolute best book ever made. No book comes close to what The Giver is. This book provides true emotions. You must read this book.
Amazed how Lois Lowry opens your eyes and tells a story.  The Giver definintly gives you that sudden gasp when the whole story comes together.
"The book was good,  it gave you the details about the community bit by bit to keep you reading.  But the ending left you hanging over a cliff."
I read this book with my 6th grader for his summer reading list.  We both loved the book. We discussed the themes and enjoyed exploring them.
"Ok, you have my attention, and apparently the attention of the world. BRAVO!!! Can't wait to read the next one. Thank you for the experience."
"This was an original idea, cleverly told. The intrigue kept me reading. The characters were simply portrayed, which suited the central theme."
"Was taken to a time that I didn't expect and had twists and turns that kept you reading, if reading is your passion you will like this book."
Lois Lowry is an incredible author! My daugther who is 11 enjoys her books as well. She is actually the one who turned me towards her books.
I throughI thoroughly  enjoyed this  book ? It gave me a new perspective on what life could be like and how as people we are affected.
I really like the idea of the story were people go into sameness I think it's original in rid own way. I loved this book. Keep  wrighting :)
This book seems to be a catalyst for new books today (Matched). I just wish it was longer! I guess I'll need to read the rest of the series!
I did not get to finish this book yet but I will be borrowing  the book again.  The beginning really makes you wonder and get very  curious.
"Easy read and a very interesting story. I'm not a fan a books and this one caught my attention, now I can't stop reading it. I recommend it."
This was a very imaginative book with lots of twists. it held my interest and made me visualize the memories. great from beginning to end.
"I though The Giver was a very good book, with an intresting setting. The only thing I didn't like was that the ending was pretty lackluster."
its a book. Just didn't have to go to the store. Terrible read for 8th grade. Do not like the socialism or communistic nature of this book.
Extremely interesting read.  Love the struggles and descriptions of all the characters.  I would definitely recommend this to my daughters.
I liked the book but I feel that she didn't finish it. There are still too many questions at the end. I am hoping the movie will be better.
"One of my all time favorite books. A book that makes you think about the ""what ifs"" and how close we might be to such an existence."
I was disappointed in the length of the story. It was a good story and uplifting but did not pull me in and resolve conflict satisfactorily
My son need to have this for school he's not a great a trading but by the end they book he was loving it. Good book for a 14 year old child
Couldn't put it down.Loved the characters and the editors notes at the end of the book.I will recommend to friends.
Loved this story and could not put it down. Very readable and a thought-provoking story line if you look just a bit for the deeper meaning.
"This is one of my favorite books of all time.  I bought it a few years ago when my oldest was turning twelve, and needed a copy for myself."
I liked this book but it wasn't that exciting in the end so I kind of felt disappointed in the end but everything else in the book is good.
It was wonderful and adventurous!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I love this book! I want to read it over and over again! Great level curriculum!!!
"this book sounded pretty dumb when my teacher said it was a required to read this book. Once i read it, i wanted more! this is the best book ever!"
"The Giver was very good book. At the begining it was very boring. As the book went on, it got much better, they should have a sequeal to the book."
I didn't know what to expect with this book but it was surprisingly perfect. The characters are well developed. Can't wait to read the next book.
"Pnce I understand the w's, I devoured it and ordered the other 3.  I am 60.  These books may be labled ""YA"", but offer plenty for anyone!"
"This book, while written for children, kept my attention. I appreciated how thought provoking it was in talking about a supposed utopian society."
"The film works well as social allegory.  I found the book both more and less effective--different characterization, but a more ambiguous message."
"Good story line, disappointing ending.  Very short story for the price, but definitely inspires some thought on the subject of  ultimate control."
EVERYBODY MUST READ THIS BOOK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!It is the best book in the world!!!This book is written amazingly well by Lois Lowry.
"Book was ok, ended abruptly.  A little confusing in the beginning would have like a little more background or more detail on what the setting is."
I chose 5 stars because the book was great. I was ok at first but after the first couple chapters the book got amazingly better. an awesome book.
"While assigned normally in 5th or 6th grade, this should be read by every adult, as it beautifully explores ideas of diversity and freedom."
Very thought provoking read. Takes everyday life with a big twist to it. Great read for anyone over 13 or so. A book you can re-read often.
Well written and interesting characters.  Makes you wonder what next.  Definitely worth your time to read.  No errors or editing problems.
"An excellent book for use with middle and high school students. Presents many opportunities to discuss life issues, many that are current."
Not surprising the story has become a classic.  Missed reading this as a kid -- glad to have discovered it for the first time as an adult.
Fast read but gets you thinking I enjoyed this book and look forward to reading the other. Great writer will be reading more of her books.
The giver was good expected a better ending  lol it left mystery but I read it in a few hrs short easy didnt want to put down 3 to 4 stars
I read this book in school and picked it up again with the movie that came out. Finally got to re read it and it was as good as I remember
I really liked the characters in this book. Fell in love with Jonas and Gabe. Thought provoking and similar to books like Brave New World.
The Giver is a must read book for all ages. It was an easy and quick read. I could not put the book down. I definitely give it five stars.
Great storytelling. Beautifully written. I first read it in 6th grade and just finished it now at 30. I loved it then and I loved it now.
Re-read this book yesterday. I understood it a lot better now than when I read it in middle school. Let's hope the movie doesn't ruin it.
Read it in elementary school and again as an adult.  I appreciate it much more now! It is part of a series and all 4 books are fantastic!
I was comfortably lulled along until the Choosing Day. I felt like I went down the rabbit hole after that and the end took my breath away
5 starsThis was a grate book some times hard to fallow but over all good book. I suggest you read it I say good for ages 12 and up.
"I found this to be a fascinating and thought-provoking read.Looking forward to seeing the movie, due to be released in August 2014."
"This book was not only entertaining, it was thought provoking. A very good read especially for adolescents. I highly recommend this book."
What can I say it was a just fine book that kind of ended in a horrible way. I don't understand why the author didn't complete the story.
"This is a book about a very boring place, but it starts to get exciting at the end.  If you read this book, you should see Pleasantville."
I enjoyed the story of The Giver. The character of Jonas is a great one especially when he becomes the new Receiver. Reading the story gives you the impression of a perfect society until you realize what the citizens  gave up for perfection. The book could have been a little longer--what  happened to Jonas' family?  What happened to the Giver?  And the ending was  very vague. What exactly happened?  I would have rated the book 5 stars  but the ending was anti-climatic and hard to understand. Altho it was a  good read.
"The book arrived in perfect condition and right on time.  My wife loved this book, it was exactly as if she got it at Barnes and Nobles."
If you could rate this book 0 stars I would it is boring cruel it has the weirdest end in ever.  WHO THOUGHT IT WOULD MAKE A GOOD MOVIE?
"Nicely written. But it has a very unsatisfying ending. This novel is quite obviously the inspiration for the ""Divergent"" series."
"Very dull reading.  Had a hard time digesting the story.  This new to me inasmuch as I am a Baldaci, Patterson. Brown and Grasonnreader."
"I was really expecting more at the end. Although it leaves it open to interpretation or a sequel, it was too disappointing of an ending."
This book is absolutely amazing turns and corners in every direction it will keep you on your feet and this is coming from a 13 year old
Still just as good as when I was thirteen years old! This book made me open my eyes and mind as a young adult to the wonders of reading.
"After reading all of the reccommendations in the front of the book, I was disappointed that it didn't have the depth i thought it would."
Vubinknknininininihinongjbjhnjnjjjnjnjnjngngnibyngnvmjnhngb vBulletin McKinnon.k. minhnhnhnvnj think j j h h h h v v g high h g b b /  h
The book was different than the movie. I liked the book because it went into detail of the characters. I recommend this book to everyone
"Good trilogy for long breaks. Once my 10 year old daughter started this book, she had to have the next 2 in the trilogy! Loved them all!"
"I mean ,obviously very well written. But maybe I've been corrupted by too much these days - I didn't find it so earth shattering."
"Awesome book!  My kids had read the book in school and talked about it.  Watched the movie, which was good but NOT as good as the book!"
Love the plot! It starts out slow but then is fascinating! I love the characters and the concept! Awesome book! Recommend for everyone.
I got a glimpse at my childhood again. I read this book in sixth grade but vaguely remembered it. Now I'm excited for the other 3 books
Well I'm ten years late reading this book but I'm so glad I did.  I can see why they say most dystopian novels owe credit to this book.
"This book was simply ok I liked the idea but it was just too weird for me,I think the ending was what through the whole book off for me"
"The ending of The Giver didn't leave me wanting for more. I was enjoying it, somewhat, until that point. I'll never get that time back."
"The book was/is well written and contains suspense around each page, but it ends abruptly leaving the reader wanting more but shut off."
I enjoyed contemplating what may (or may not have happened) at the end of his book. I am looking forward to enjoying the full series :)
"Excellently written to engage young people in discussion about life and death, right and wrong, and what role pain has in real living."
This is a book of love and the act of finding who you really are and to me Jonas and Gabriel's love for each other is strongest of all
The giver is a great book for people to read especially in schools and libraries.I am currently reading this book in school too.
Unexpectedly good read!  Promised myself not to read another YA post-apocalyptic book but this is a very good one. Highly recommended.
"this is such an interesting story, with a very unique perspective. I did not want to pause in  reading until I had completed the book."
Felt like the ending was very lacking. There was so much detail on their travel when I was just waiting to see what would happen next.
Very good read!  Wanted to know more! Wasn't ready for the story to end. Moving on to Discovering Blue and hoping the story continues.
One of the few books that grabbed me and kept me in its grip until the last page. A good read f poo r the young adults and the elders.
"Great food for thought!  Reminded me of ""1984"".  However, I did not care for the ending being left to the readers imagination."
Loved this timeless book. I'm sorry I hadn't read it sooner. I was lost in thought over this story for days after I finished the book.
"I truly enjoyed this story of discovery, courage and love. It is a quick read and I wanted to keep going to see what would happen next."
"Very good, thought provocative read. I believe it is required reading for teens these days. I kinda compare it to Flowers for Algernon."
Easy fast read. It gives you a lot to contemplate and will stick with you. Highly recommend. I can't wait to see the movie this summer.
I never expected that this novel about a dystopian world would read like a philosopher's thesis.  Great for both adults and kids alike.
Wonderfully written book. Keeps you on your toes and continues to make you think. I never wanted to put it down or for the book to end.
i read this for school and did not want to. i realised it was a book to think about as you read. i would have never read this for fun.
"The giver was an amazing book until the end! I found the end an unsuitable ending, boring per say. I suggest a more surprising ending."
Very crazy book will have you questioning your feeling thoughts and actions. You will question right from wrong amazing and disturbing
"The book was for my grandson's summer reading, he really doesn't like the book and I thought it took the book way to long to get here."
Plenty of action and suspense. Release is a little scary or disconcerting. Can't wait to read more of this series!Darren & David
This is an amazing story that made me intensely feel all the things the people had lost. It also made me very happy that I could feel.
"The writing is beautiful and it's a story full of deep meanings. It's a little slow for my taste, but I'd still heartily recommend it."
This is a great book. It was nice to find it for a reasonable price and add it to our collection. It was in good shape when we got it.
Most books you can figure out how it ends by the 2nd chapter and that is why I loved this book.  Kept you guessing until the very end.
"The story is wonderfully written, character development is exceptional. It makes you care for Jonas as he unravel truths about living."
I absolutely love this book! We read it in class but I never got to finish it so I bought it on here I would definitely read it again!
Loved it.....could not put it down.  VERY good story...excellent characters.  Didn't want it to end.  I would recommend it to anyone!!
I needed this ASAP for a class and could not find it anywhere here. It arrived just in time and the book was great quality. Thank you!
I read this book in 3 days so you know it kept me interested from page to page. Not at all what I expected but a great read for sure.
I was hooked on this book as soon as I began to read. Great plot and outstanding character development. Well worth your time to read.
Enjoyed the storyline. Author kept me engaged. Looking forward to the next book with great anticipation. Where could it go from here?
"I read this on a trip, it was a very fast and easy to read.  I recommend this book to anyone that enjoys dystopian future type books."
First I watched the movie.  Watched it twice.  Then I bought the book.  I liked the book better.  It is a good read for all the ages.
"The story was good, but it could have gone on a lot further. The second book in the series doesn't seem to follow the same storyline."
My daughter loved the book so much she's read it numerous times.  Purchased this version for in class reading assignment (7th Grade).
"very good very interesting and troubling.  Sameness is not to be desired.  History, Memories exist to help us learn.  Sadly we don't."
"Easy read. Provocative and lingering, I was disappointed when it was done. Highly recommend it, and would be appreciated by all ages."
"Very good book. Much better than the 2 that follow, as it seems that from the beginning they were only companions and no stand alone."
"Thought provoking. I found it interesting how there could be world where everything was controlled, yet hope is found in the receiver"
The giver is an amazing book I would suggest this book to anyone likes any book about finding your true self and taking an adventure.
Very well thought out view of a possible society in the futureI found it reminiscent of divergent and the book of Eli combined
The story is ok but it kind of the same issue from Hunger Games and Divergent. Anyway it kept my attention specially the second half.
Beautiful and dangerous are the two words that come to mind. I would have given this story five stars but was saddened by the ending.
"Really enjoyed this book. It take you on a wonderful story of discovery and growth, forcing the reader to question the simple things."
I want to thank my middle school children (and their teachers) for opening my eyes to the surprising world of young adult literature.
"These books are amazing. Interesting, deeply thought provoking, and fun too! Good for any age group. But make sure you read them all!"
Good book but horrible ending... There isn't even an actual sequel. This could've been better but a good read for imaginative people.
I loved how the book made you have different emotions .I chose these stars because it was amazing and Lois Lowry is intelligent
"This book really makes you think about life, and how lucky we are to have as many choices as we have.  Worth reading again and again!"
Awesome plot and everything it was one of the best stories ever and I would recommend it to anyone that is thinking about getting it.
The Giver is a very good book about life in Jonas' Community. I would recomend it to other people because I thought it was very good.
I found that the Giver was an excellent past time reader. I enjoyed it and would recomend it to any person who loves a little sci-fi.
Such a great book! Omg if you liked Hunger games or divergent you will love this. It's sad in some parts but so good it made me cry.
"The story ended too soon, leaving a lot of questions to ponder. Interesting premise, hopefully humanity has not become that shallow."
So much richer than Divergent. But short and uncomplicated.  A good YA novel and satisfying beach read for adults with an open mind.
"I've of my favorites! Read it in school, but enjoyed it even more the second time. Cannot wait to see it portrayed in the big screen"
I had to read this for school. at first I was like its looks awful but then I read it and I love it never judge a book by its cover!
I found it to be an intriguing story and given when it was written way before it's time. I absolutely recommend it to other readers.
"Good story! Price worth it and Fast shipping.The book is brand news. Well organize, simple, short, and very interesting novel."
"Interesting and different, couldn't put it down. Looking forward to reading the other books by this author. Enjoyed the gift edition"
A great read for any age! Lois Lowery is a wonderful writer of very thought provoking ideas. Introduce your children to this writer.
Great book for any age. Might need to read it twice!  Required reading for some schools but don't wait for the teacher to assign it.
Really enjoyed this book.  Easy read...interesting storyline. I wasn't thrilled with the ending. Would love to see a sequel written.
"I could not put this book down...  But was so depressed at the end...  Was it sad, did they make it??  I could never figure it out.."
My son told me to read this because he read it in school and thought i would like it. He was correct and it is a must read for all.
Loved this story.  It was easy to read and quick.  It caught my attention and kept me enthralled.  I look forward to the next book!
"It is a  book that defines us and the emotions and feelings we undergo, not just the pain and loss, but the pure joy and even love."
"This book foreshadows many of today's events where people seem to beg for ""sameness"" and are willing to give up everything."
I enjoyed this book very much. My friend suggested it to me. I liked the way it was written. I'll be looking forward to the sequel.
Easy read - I was able to put myself into the story and enjoyed the outcome. Looking forward to continue with the rest of the story
The reaction to sudden horror when exposed to ugly truths and what one does in response.Great. Good lessons here about love.
Better than the movie...It is not a love-story but the beginning of a four-book adventure...wish the movie had treated it as such.
Very quick read and enjoyable.  You can read it in an afternoon and you may find you won't put it down until you have finished it.
I liked it. it got interesting towards the end but in all was pretty good. I would recommend it maybe for middle schoolers though.
Picked this up for a long road trip and it didn't disappoint.  1984 meets the Matrix was what one of the reviews read and I agree.
"Not sure what to think about this book. I enjoy the theme, but there is something missing. Not sure if I will buy the second book."
"Generally speaking I am not a fan of open ended books. But this one was intriguing.  Going to have to mull it over a bit, I think."
"I can't say enough about this book. This is a wonderful read for middle school children and adults alike, I couldn't put it down!!"
Just as expected.  Very good book and service.  Pleasure to do business with.  Look forward to doing business again in the future.
"I could not put it down, just kept reading it until the end.  My granddaughter recommended the book because they read it in class."
"The Giver is a wonderful story that discusses mortality, societal norms, spirituality, and the power and energy within all humans."
"This book was great! It got into deeper issues and you began to understand this world, and how lucky we are to live the way we do."
"""The Giver"" By Lois Lowry is very interesting and very confusing at the same time. The book is based on a utopia type world where everything is the same and everyone is very courteous and polite. It is one kids duty as receiver of memory to learn about all the horrible, painful, and also fun memories from the past. This book was very interesting to read because it is based on something so very different from the real world, so it makes it very unique. Some confusing parts of the book were when it is talking about how they can't see color and Jonas, the main character, learns to see color. In conclusion ""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry was a very interesting book and is good for anyone from age nine to sixteen."
"I had high hopes for this book, because I love Lois Lowry's Anastasia Krupnik series. Unfortunately, what started out a promising, fascinating read really fizzled at the end. The author did a great job creating a Utopian world that isn't all it seems to be, but I think she copped out towards the end. The resolution of the story is too ambigious for my liking. When I invest the time and effort into reading a challenging story like this one, I expect a payoff at the end, and this book disappointed me. It's one of those ""Well, the ending is whatever you want it to be.""  If you don't mind that kind of story, then go ahead and read it. If you prefer your stories more neatly packaged and fleshed-out, skip it."
"I really did not like this book at all.  It was nothing like I expected, not a good read."
"It ended suddenly with some questions. It's an easy read and one that all young people should read. Choice,the problem is choice."
"Sorry, but this book lacked any charisma or profound literary stature. It reads like a kids book. My heartstrings never flinched."
"I never read the book in high school but now I've finally gotten around to it. It was very good, way different than I was expect."
This is an imaginative tale of what happens when society loses track of itself. Very well written and engaging. Highly recommend.
I believe this is one of your greatest books so far. I was quite touched during every chapter and the ending was quite beautiful.
"Book is well written, but writing style is little too juvenile for my taste. At least it was a short read -- less than 200 pages."
"It was sad and not very enjoyable,the book was BAD !!!!!! If you want a good book then don't get something from Lois Lowry !!!!!!"
"It was a comtpelling read, and very thought provoking. Our book club enjoyed discussing this classic work. I highly recommend it."
It seems as if a sixty-five year old man shouldn't be reading this story for the first time. But I've always been a slow learner.
"Great read for all ages, product was in perfect condition! Reminds me of the movie The Village, or Shirley Jackson's The Lottery."
OH MY GOSH THIS BOOK IS SOOOOOOOOO GOOD. WHOEVER READS IT WILL LOVE IT. THE MOST AWESOME BOOK I EVER READ OTHER THAN HUNGER GAMES
This book was good for more advanced readers. The plot and characters were hard to understnd. I was astonished at the end when...
"Great book! It seems like the book that could have inspired the Divergent Series. I couldn't put it down, finished it in 2 days."
It's OK!  I've heard so much about this book and am a bit disappointed with it. It started out great and then flat lined for me.
"Enjoyable book. I did not end the book with too many takeaways or significant deep meaning. Nevertheless, it  thought provoking."
Pretty good book. I read it because I saw the trailer for the movie and thought it looked good. The book is better than the movie
Loved this book for the last twenty years and so glad to have it on kindle. If you've seen the movie forget it and read the book.
it is life changing. periodone question though where is Jonas. all in all a very good book. I can't wait for the next book.
"Great for families to read together! This was our summer out loud book. Now, we can't wait for the movie coming out this weekend."
The feelings she invokes are incredibly powerful. I decided to read after I saw the trailer and pray the movie will do it justice
"Love the book,,,can't wait for the movie! I recommend this book for anyone who enjoys reading. Again, I can't wait for the movie!"
The Giver is such a wonderful story about coming into awareness and  describes both the joys and sorrows that come in their wake.
This book has made it into my top ten favorites its an absolutely wonderful story. I think this is a must read book for everyone!
Reaches deep into the meaning of feelings. Explores other worlds we could not imagine. I recommend this from 8 thru 18 years old.
A great read for all ages. My ten-year old son loved it. I loved it - great literature.  All of Lois Lowry's books are excellent.
"I read it in 3 days and I could not seem to put the book down. It is not like most books I like to read, but I'm really glad I did."
"Excellent Read, brilliantly written. Keeps you invested in all of the characters. Cannot wait to read the other three. Outstanding."
"If you had to read this book in school as a student, I highly advise reading it again as an adult for a completely new perspective."
I loved this book!  I love Gave he's so cute!  I recommend this book to my mom because she would think it is a heart warming story!
My son suggested I read this book and I found it very though provoking.  An easy read and engaging.  i'd recommend it for thinkers!
Was really good. But the uthanation was really disturbing. The  story was really entertaining and kept my attention the whole time.
"Although the setting is a dystopian society, it's not just another dystopian book.  It's told from a unique angle.  Very enjoyable."
What a creative tale of science fiction. The strange world in itself is a wonderful part of the book. My favorite book of all time!
This book was very meaningful to me and I felt connected to it on a spiritual level.  I can't wait to read the rest of the series.
"Read several times since middle school. Always a good go-to. Re-read for the movie and to read the rest in the series, no regrets."
I first read this as a young teen and always remembered it. It was wonderful to re-read as an adult and gain a different perspective this time.
I really enjoyed this book. My mom hated the ending but I have to admit that the ending was great how you added the suspense to it was amazing!
"Good storyline, a bit slow starting, but storyline develops well. Looking forward to next book.  Hoping it continues to develop the characters."
"The Giver is about a boy named Jonas who lives in an utopia where everything is controlled by rules. There is neither pain nor war nor feelings. When he becomes twelve he is chosen to be the new Receiver of Memory. Now he gets to know the truth about the community by his mentor, the Giver, and wants to change it.Slowly the reader gets to know how the community works - in great difference to reality. The story is very different to other stories which makes it interesting. You can identify with Jonas and understand his thoughts and decisions. We don't like the ending because you can never be sure what happened to Jonas and the community. If you like reading science-fiction, you will have fun reading this book. We absolutely recommend reading it for pupils at the age of 14."
"Really good book.  I really like this author's style of writing.  I would highly recommend it.  Good read for teenagers, no nasty stuff in it."
I am about half way through this book.  It's so interesting!  So different!  I am looking forward to reading all of the books in this Quartet.
The book was ok but the fact that it leaves you hanging is frustrating. The next book had absolutely nothing to do with the first. ...grrrrrt.
This has lot of emotion and love that brings to lifeDefinitely a book worth the money. This book is so deep that it sinks the reader in.
"It was a good book, it had all the pages, but it could of been cheaper since it had drawings on every single page..but it surved it's purpose."
"I read half way through and gave up.  It was so ""out there"" and I found myself getting angrier as I read it. Lousy book in my opinion."
Makes you think!
"Makes you think about what freedom is, and why a people might choose to give up some choices in return for promises of comfort."
"Excellent reading. Easy, interesting, and well written. Well be reading the other books in the series to my daughter, for sure."
A futuristic society where everything is controlled and pleasant in order to keep life simple.  Interesting look into humanity.
"Only disappointed: it's too short.But a good, fast read with an ending that's abrupt but leaves you pondering. Enjoyed it"
"It was a really good book. It kept interested, except for the last few chapters. they got pretty boring. But it was really good"
"The Giver is one of my favorite books of all time, and I would highly highly HIGHLY recommend this book to anyone and everyone."
"Saw the movie and then read the book, it was well written and fulfilling a real page turner, looking forward to the other three"
"I love books, stories, that help you think differently. Each one has a special place in my memory and heart, this one included."
"Interesting concept for a book, fast read simple plot..not much there to keep me wondering..but just enough to keep me reading."
"A wonderful book for a young reader; Lowry affords children the opportunity to examine the gift of ""freedom of choice."""
This book is good for pre-teens. My son and I really enjoyed reading this book. It open kids mind to how the wworld if everyone
I had to read this book in school and it was one of the few books that I actually enjoyed. Another job well done by Lois Lowry.
"I first heard about ""The Giver"" when we read it at school. I would recommend this book to anyone who loves to read!!!"
"I think I missed a chapter or something because it was confusing.It was about Jonas, a 12 year old boy, who,with the rest of his classmates, gets assigned a job.  His is to keep all the memories of the world, and the whole community doesn't feel a thing.  Everything the people do, is routine.  They do the samething everyday.  Any person, baby to elder, will get ""released"" from the community if they did not meet the towns expectations.  One day Jonas watches a baby being ""released"" then he decides to run away from his community with a two year old named Gaberail to a different town.  It also comes with a very weird ending.  I wouldn't recommend this book to people who like excitement."
Excellent writing and story . Gives you good perspective on many things we take for granted and the story holds your attention
An easy fascinating read.  Grabs your attention with the unusual story. Well worth reading and passing along to friends. Helen
"Thought provoking as all good science fiction is. Couldn;t get into the sequel, may need to try again. Peers thought the same."
"The book kept my attention, but I was disappointed in the ending. It ended suddenly and didn't seem as developed as I expected"
Enjoyed the entire book!  Would recommend to all ages from 14 up.  Did not want to put the book down!  Very thought provoking!
"Simple, but well-written prose is a contrast to some of the poorly-written stuff that is popular. It holds up very well after two decades."
I was enchanted by this story. The premise was believable and simply told. The voice was true to age and experience of the main character.
this was a very easy read. I think it's just a eye opener on what people think. free and spirit what is and cold and boring what could be.
"This Book is a great young adult literature novel! I recommend it! It is really catchy, intriguing and it has a great grasp of vocabulary!"
Jonas is all of us. I read it in one sitting and loved it. I won't give away the ending but worth the wait. We'll written and wonder full.
A good read that will make you think about different circumstances (no spoilers). Good characters. Well written story that flows smoothly.
Because I was not able to put the book down. I want to read it all over again and again and again and again and again and again and again.
"While leaving you with a feeling of being rushed through too quickly, this was still a book with unseen depth.  Good read, worth the time."
I retread this book for a book club and I was reminded why I read and loved it as a youth. I will definitely read this again with my kids.
"I read this book in middle school and decided to read it again in high school. It is a great book, easy read, and has a very deep meaning!"
A book that is accessible to all with an important message. Recommended to anyone and everyone who has an insatiable curiosity.
"Amazing! Can't believe that I didn't read this in school! Can't wait to see the movie, though of course it won't be as good! :)"
I read this book in anticipation of the movie. Very thought provoking and reads quite well and fast. Overall very entertaining.
I would recommend this book to anyone. So many images were described that can be interpreted based on you own life experiences.
It was interesting.  I am one who always wants to know what happened after to the community and the boy.  Would like a part two
Wonderful and thought provoking! In order to truly experience our existence  we must appreciate both the pleasure and the pain.
"Great book for all ages.Surprise twists and turns.Quick read, couldn't put it down.Can't wait for the sequel!"
Reading this book as a younger me was just wow. I recomend it for anyone who can read.a fantastic journey to read and eperience
The beginning of this series is an amazing book.  I have loved it for years and continue to be able to read it again and again.
"I am ten and I love this book, though slightly disturbing, it is excellent an it should be read by teens and Tweens everywhere."
"Read this classic! If your young reader likes science fiction, then he or she will enjoy this story. Lots of ""twists and turns""!"
I really enjoyed this book & wanted to read it before I saw the movie.  As much as I liked the book I thought the movie was even better.
Awesome book although usually I hate third person books but I loved this book just simply amazing and I look forward to reading the rest
"Entertaining! I read this in a few hours and really enjoyed it. We'll see what the other books are like, as I'm hoping for some closure."
This was an amazing book. The author is truly talented. It was a great tale of love and sacrifice. Amazing. I highly recommend the Giver
Saw movie preview prompting me to search and buy.  Looking forward to the set. Short book is refreshing change from my usual 900 pagers.
Not sure I understand the great reviews this got. There was no excitement and it just kind of ended. I would not recommend it to anyone.
This book is amazing and it makes you think about our society and how much worse it could be to have of all freedoms taken away from us.
Read this book when I was younger and now read it on my kindle. Definitely one  of my favorite books of all time!! Absolutely love it!!!
I had read this book when I was in 8th grade and it had stuck with me ever since.  I wanted to have my own copy for my personal library.
I wish I could say this book if helpfully in the rearing of children.  I you are about to read it let me save you the time...
I love the in depth charactersI would recommend this to almost anybodyI gave 5 stars because I enjoyed reading it
This book really touched my heart and it was also inspiring. I wish it had a sequel because I would really like to read more.
"This book is just as I remembered it, entertaining, easy to read and finished it in very little time. Recommended for anyone."
I loves this product. The shipping was quick as and described. I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for this item.
This book has made my day. I literarily read it in one siting. I would recommend it to everyone. You won't regret reading it.
This book was purchased for my son for a school assignment.  It a great book that the rest of my family also enjoyed reading.
Very good and emotional!Great book and ending! Many will enjoy! Thank you Lois lowry! Loved it every minute! Must read!
I had to read this in seventh or eight grade and it was a story that really makes you think. I would definately reccomend it.
"This book really shows how a Nirvana would be.  The only problem?  The ending was very incomplete.  Still, it should be read."
"Book was more detailed than the movie, more insight into the creating of this unusual community. Do not enjoy dystopian stories."
"A very different, unique book. It makes you think long after finishing the book.Now, isn't that what a good book is meant to do?"
"My son & kind both enjoyed this intriguing story. Made me think about the society we live in for real, in some ways it's similar"
"Interesting story line, BUT the most ANTICLIMACTIC ending I have ever read. It could have been so much more. VERY DISAPPOINTING."
Amazing read for those who like fiction books. I highly recommend this book. I loved this book very much. I would read it again.
Thought provoking book.  Would you want a world that was ordered for you and you did not have to make decisions or make choices?
Mixed feelings on ending. I felt like I needed more and that too many questions were not answered.  Overall glad I purchased it.
"Thought -provoking, engaging, page turner book. My daughter in 6th grade got it as a requirement and I had time to read it, too."
"It was a really good book. Very interesting and hard to put down, I absolutely enjoyed this book! I recommend reading this book."
"i am in the 8th grade  and i absolutely loved the book me 7th grade teacher did a book report on it and he loved the book a lot he was my favorite teacher and i was lucky agin to get him this year but i changed  schools  so i was sad to leave at my new school i saw the giver so i  decided to read it, boy was i glad that i did i am very picky about books  but i  was so in to it i couldn't put it down! it's  a total reality check  to those who wish that they could be the same as everyone else as for the  whole ""release"" thing it didn't bother me but i don't recomend  thi book to anyone below the age of 12 but otherwise it is good book for  those who are looking for something different"
"The Giver is a great book and definitely one of my favorites. I won't bother explaining the plot because I think that has been done enough times. And this book shouldn't be scary for anyone. If it is, umm... I'll spare you the embarassment of what I'm thinking. ^^;; Don't read this book if you aren't prepared to think. It makes you ponder and appreciate all the things we have in life and how important the simple things are. However it does very briefly touch the topics of suicide and puberty, so parents might not want kids younger than 10 reading it. (But they probably wouldn't understand it anyway) The Giver is really good and if you haven't already, you should read it now!!"
"Great book, a unique setting and wonderfully written. I couldn't put the book down.  Still have the three books to continue."
"This was an excellent book.  Can't wait to read the sequels.  Scary that a world could be that way, though.  We are blessed."
I love the tenderness with which this book was written.  Appreciate the intricacies of this world and our range of emotions!
"The Giver was a detailed book, had good imagery, and was very well written, but I didn't understand the ending of this book."
"I liked the story line, characters, and how it was told but the ending was lacking. I would've liked more detail at the end."
Animals might like it too but I wouldn't hold it against them if they skipped it. Plants don't have eyes so they get a pass.
It was a very unusual book. I would not want to live in a society like that. The ending is what ever you want to make of it.
"I read the book before seeing the movie.  Loved the book;  most provocative.  It helped the understanding of the movie, too."
I loved this book --- its one of those books you finish reading and you are almost disappointed or relieved it's not real...
Can't believe I didn't know about this book. Everyone should read this and just enjoy it. Like teachers should use this book
Well written...great story for 6 graders. I read it along with my son and found it to be very interesting and a page turner.
Really makes you think about where society is now versus where we're possibly headed. I would definitely recommend this book
"Well written, intelligent plot, but the ending will make you angry. Unless you're an optimist then you may enjoy the ending."
"Was a very different read from what I'm used to, started out good but didn't end well, I would not recommend to my friends ,"
"Great read. Kept my interest until the end. A little disappointed in how it ended, just not a fan of these types of endings."
This book is good. Good literature circle book. I really really really really really really really really really enjoyed it.
"THIS WAS A FABULOUS READ. I JUST SAW THE MOVIE, AND WANTED TO READ THE BOOK. I WAS NOT DISAPPOINTED,GREAT STORY LINE. ENJOY!"
I loved this book as a middle schooler and it's even better ten years later. A must read- even if it's a second time around.
Really like the book but not the end. Leaves to many questions. You want more! Read all four books and you see what happens.
"Just finished my fourth reading of this text, and it continues to be one of the greatest young-adult novels out there. A must for any reader."
"Although it's for younger people, I was curious about it.  It was well written & gave a lot of things to think about and consider about life."
I enjoyed it very much! A very different story! I would not want to live like that. I think I speak for everyone when I say I want choices!!!
Quick read but different.  I read this because my daughter' school was doing the play.  Gives you a new perspective on choices and free will.
I like this book but i did not like the ending it was confusing to me it didn't really fit the story but through out the book it's very good!
Not a feel good book if you are mislead by the name. An English requirement for one of my children and it was torture getting her to read it.
"I love this book. I do wonder if it is a little to ""grown up"" for kids in Jr. High, but I suppose that it could work if they are open minded."
"This book touched my heart it is everything I could ask for. This book has mystery, action, and most parts will be sad I cried myself a lot."
This was a quick book and I'm glad to have read it. It had a great start and was fast paced and interesting but the arc and end felt rushed.
"This one, despite the frequent thought-provoking parts to the complex story, leaves me as cold as the poor young boys in the final chapters."
"Okay, but needed mo re depth...by the time shE gets to the 4th novel in the series, ""Son"", it is much more involved."
Really hate a book that ends way too short. The book had my complete and full attention an  then the end came and I was mad.
I found the ending not quite clear...are they truly safe or is it a dream or memory? I want to know what happened to them...
Good read until the last quarter then it got slow. Excited to see the movie version and see if they stick to the book or not
This is warning to all about how bad things can get if we try to control and eliminate everything unpleasant from our lives.
I like this book. It's awesome to be able to gather your own ending of a book. We all should remove the fears of difference.
I read this book because the movie is supposed to come out in the fall. It will be interesting to see the finished profuct !
"This book was so well played with the sadness and happiness. Just pure Amazingness. Lois Lowry, just keep making more books."
This book was awesome and very interesting. I really liked the ending with Elsewhere and the sled. That would be really fun.
"The Giver is an amazing, intriguing book about a Utopian society gone wrong. You have to get it! You have to! Get it now!!!!"
"Great series. Each book was great on its own, but Son really tied it together. I would recommend it to adults & young adults"
"This is a wonderful book for young and old alike. It really got my 11 year old thinking and talking, not always an easy job."
This is my all-time favorite book! It has new meaning each time I read it and I'll continue to enjoy it throughout my life.
I read The Giver when I was in 5th grade and I loved it!! If mom and dad are reading this...I really want it for Christmas!!
can anyone help me with the ending... did the people thingk that he was  dead....?  but then he went back ...what  happened?
"I read this book with my 9 year old son, who had read it at school.  It is an odd book.  I don't mind the idea of the story and this monochromatic society.  But several of the things described in the book seemed in questionable taste for YA book.  Not the least of which is the process of the child taking his shirt off and laying on the bed while ""the giver"" rubs his back to transfer the memories.  Creepy.  Strange passage too describing the child bathing an old person--in detail.  I am no prude, but I just found something unsettling about some of the descriptions/scenes.  But in the end, was I invested in the characters?  Yes, I wanted to see how it turned out."
"I had no preconceived ideas about this book. I had heard the title, knew it had been turned into a movie and that was it. I didn't have a clue as to what it was even about. My Mom lent me the book and I read it in one sitting! No joke, I started in the evening and finished around midnight. What is it about The Giver? It drew me in, but a lot of books have done that. There is something else, something I cannot put my finger on; something indescribable. Jonas was who we all want to be! Deep down we all want to share joy and love with others, we all want to share happiness. We all want to be brave, courageous and a hero. I cannot wait to finish the journey with Jonas."
the giver is probably the best book i'v read it has so much detail and a very good story.I am rating this book a five stars
I found myself entranced by this story from the first sentence. It was absolutely wonderful! Can't wait to read the others!
It was awesome and entertaining just wish it had a better ending!This is definitely a book everyone should read! FIVE STAR!
"My son had to read this for school and raved about what a good book it is. So, I picked it up, too and am also enjoying it!"
The book was an easy read. Not much action except for the chapter explaining the release. After that story was predictable.
Read this in school then watched the movie recently and decided to reread it.. Glad I did! Totally a better book than movie
I love this book! Thank god there is 3 more!! She is an astounding author! You should thank a teacher for recommending this
I really was hoping for a better ending. Since it ended so poorly I won't be reading any of the books that follow this one.
"The book started out interesting for me, but I did not care for the ending. In fairness this genre of book is not my taste."
There is such a depressing life the people have chosen in order to avoid responsibility and risks. There is a lesson here!!
"Don't let this short and sweet novel fool you - it's packed with themes, symbols and in depth-analysis. Thoroughly enjoyed."
I wish it had not ended but I liked the book. The ending was a surprise that I had not expected but was pleasantly pleased.
very interesting concept. We all seem to want sameness until you realize you truly would have absolutely no choices EVER!!!
"Great plot,easy read,will definitely watch the movie and read the next three books. I really loved it. Lous lowry is amazing!"
"Excellent story, once you start it will be very hard to put this down. What a wonderful life lesson for everyone of all ages."
Love this book. Unique sweet future set. Love it. Gotta get the next book in the amazing series. Lois Lowery did a great job.
This is the best book ever read. It's the best book yet to read. I loved it. It was the best book I have read in a long time.
A very thought provoking book that kept me turning pages and left me wanting more. Looking forward to the rest of the series.
Very depressing story. I did NOT like the ending at all. There wasn't the typical wrap up in the story and that bothers mean.
I did not read this book as a child and I am glad that I didn't. I don't think that I would have enjoyed this book back then.
one of the best books I've read in awhile. totally  unexpected. a little surprised it was published as a young  adults  book.
I really expected something more to come from Jonas journey to elsewhere.  why did he save Gabe if there was no more to come?
At beginning it doesn't catch one's eye but later full of wonder.What how ending doesn't end properly wish it could continue.
"A book that will forever stand the test of time and continue to teach us. No matter how you believe it ends, you are right."
"Loved it. Wish the ending provided a little more clarity though.  I Was expecting to find out what ""elsewhere"" was."
I read this book because I believe it's being made into a movie.  I enjoyed the book and will have my daughter read it too.
"I liked it more than I expected I would. It has a great storyline to it. It was a little slow at first, but it came around."
Read this a while back when I was in middle school and fell in love with the story. Wonderful to be able to read it again .
Need a more specific ending with something more breathtaking. Love everything else and only found 1  yes grammar mistake :D
I was looking for something different and this book delivered. Based in future times and I loved it. I recommend this book.
This book makes readers get sucked into the book it is very great. It got me so interested I wanted to be in there society.
This book is great juvenile reading.  I've read this book several times and it is always good each time I read it.  Thanks!
"Another book bought for someone. Received the book in near new condition, and friend was satisfied and happy. thanks again!"
"This is a great book for a young adult for discussing. I'd recommend it highly, but for an adult it just seemed unfinished."
This is a story that will make a person thank God for our memories the good and bad I would recommend every body reads this
This book was alright. Some points I thought it was boring. It took me like 3 months to finish reading it. But it was okay.
This book makes me think about so many things and I  love reading it. It's about the fifth time I read since middle school.
"Excellent book, eye opening, almost too short, I'm working on the next book in the quartet now-I downloaded it on my Kindle"
It was gripping and insightful. Different than anything I have ever read. I am a slow reader yet I finished this in 2 days.
"This is a good young adult read, very imaginative and thought provoking.  Looking forward to reading more from this author."
I first read this as a high schooler...and I thought I understood it then. Re-reading it as an adult...wow! So much better!
Love this book! Keeps you wanting more! A rest book that keeps you interested and intrigued. Easy to read book for kids too
An unusual story that makes one think about their life and the world we live in.  Definitely recommend it. Not predictable.
"Another book, my daughter asked me to read of her's. I ""really"" enjoyed it. How blessed we are to have the freedom's we do!"
"A wonderful story about aspects of life most people take for granted. I can't bear to give away any of the storyline, because you have to read it for yourself, but this book definitely shows a new perspective on life, and  appreciating the freedoms we enjoy. The tone is mysterious yet not  confusing; a beckoning call to read on and discover more about the strange  world in which Jonas, the main character, lives. Lowry brings the message  across smoothly and clearly, yet never dangles it in your face. I can only  say that you have to read this book for yourself to appreciate it: no  review can put across the feeling ""The Giver"" manifests in its  story."
Awesome reading of The Giver.  I do with there were chapter breaks or a key to tell at what point each new chapter starts.
An awesome one-night read. Really makes one think. Would be a good book for high school lit class. I couldn't put it down.
Very well written. The descriptive way the author writes makes it an easy read. One can easily picture what is being read.
Perfect book.  Had a speech given by the author at an award ceremony for her which helped in understanding the story line.
"i just finished the book, and i was very moved by the strong message, given by this little book. can wait to read the next"
I loved this book and would like to recommend it for everyone teens and adults and maybe some children who are interested.
Sry cannot complete now but I will finish this review later. Though I will say that this book has changed the way I think.
Superbly written. Character portraits are amazing - the end seemed rather abrupt. I guess left to the readers imagination.
"Keeps you on your toes. I read it in 8th grade and I am now 22 years old and read it again, just as good the second time."
This has always been one of my favorite books! Makes you appreciate life more then ever!!! Worth reading atleast once!!!!
...along with Anthem by Ayn Rand. We must never forget the preciousness of life and need of a person to be an individual.
Kids all over have been reading this for highschool assignments i had to too! this book is great read gathering blue too!
I really liked this book. It is thought provoking and a great book for a book club to read. Generates lots of discussion!
Good book. It makes you think of the future of sameness... I'll be buying gathering blue next. Can't wait!!!Awesome
I read this book in English class and I loved it! This is such a good book! You should definetly think about reading it!
"Being a Taiwanese the book of ""The Giver"" is a little difficult for me ,but it also attracts me to read more and more...."
This book is really good.  The thing i liked most about this book was the idea that no one in their own community could see color so no one was made fun of.  This book is about a kid that is given the job of being the Giver.  He is the kid that will be able to see color and feel true pain.  Everyone in this community is to obey all of the rules or if they don't they will be released out of the community.  Also there are no twins allowed because they look the same and no one looks like someone else.  This is a really good book and you should read it to find out how this books end!!!!  I would recomment this book to kids that in middle school or older.
"This book really surprised me, didn't know what to expect,  but I really enjoyed it.  I just downloaded the second book!"
I love this book because it reminded me to appreciate all the gifts God has given us. Be grateful and share your memories.
The simplicity of this book allows the reader to connect to this story in their own way. Fantastically thought provoking!!
This was bought as a gift for a 9 year old boy.  This story lets him know that not everyone is the same or should they be.
"The Giver is not good literature. Three characteristics of good literatureinclude how it relates to you, full of action, and a surprising ending.The book did not relate to me because the community followed rulesthat completely contradicted my life. The book was not full of action. Itseemed tedious and uneventful. The ending stopped abruptly and seemeda bit dull and confusing. Jonas said, ""We are almost there Gabe."" Thiswas close to the end of the book and they still did not meet theirdestination point. As you can see The Giver is NOT good literature."
"This is by far one of my favorite dystopian novels. It follows the story of Jonas, a boy growing up in a post-apocalyptic society where uniqueness and passion of the human condition are shunned in favor of sameness and contentment. But what exactly has been given up and what price has been paid to have such security and routine? Jonas soon learns the answer, and must make a decision that will determine the future of him and society. I found it uniquely refreshing to see what happens when morality, societal values, and individuality are turned on their head. The book itself ends on a bit of a cliff hanger, but reading all 4 books will make it satisfying."
I loved this book. It tackled every point of life that I don't always appreciate. It went beyond my wildest imaginations.
"I've read this book a few times and it always stuck with me since I was younger, that I wanted to buy it for my daughter."
So very unusual - give yourself a break from reality & try it.  I'm anxious to read the rest of the books in this series.
I thought this book was very intriguing and fabulously written. Lowry did a great job with the detail put into this book.
Excellent thought provoking book. I read it along with my 11 year old grandson and it gave us many topics for discussion.
Great book way different from the movie threw me off a little but still worth reading.great book for children and adults.
well written easy read looking forward to more of the authors serieswould recommend shook for all reading levels bs
My type of book.  Everyone should read it. I look forward to reading more of Lois Lowry' s works.  Something to treasure.
I found the concepts intriguing and a very disturbing possibility.  I would recommend it to others.  I enjoyed this book.
"The book is very engaging. However, I personally, feel like the ending could have been better. It was very anti-climatic."
"Could've had a better ending, but i guess you need to finish it with your own imagination. Would definitely recommend it."
Very good. It made me feel how unlucky the future people are though. Every one should be able to enjoy this amazing book.
The illustrations were great. the book was an ok read. The ending left you hanging. There  was not of action in the book.
I have heard about this book for many years but I had never read it.  It is now a definite recommendation to my students!
"I bought this originally for me, but have since passed it on to my teen daughter.  It is a fascinating tale for the ages."
"I cannot wait to get the next book, read this one in less that a day, this book kept me interested throughout its pages!"
Is a very interesting book. Sometimes we have thought about living in an ideal world. Would it be better that real life?
Do read thisSuch an amazing book. Great for teens and older children. Get it from overdrive for free. The library.
I'd recommend it. It's a very quick read and pretty interesting. Gives you a different look at life and how it could be.
I enjoyed reading this book but I do feel that it's a little overrated. I'm interested in finding out what happens next!
"Bought and read the whole 4 series of books...easy reading, enjoyable, and thought provoking!!Would recommend all."
I found it imaginative and thought provoking. I ordered remaining three e-books in quartet and am enjoying them as much.
"Visit a place designed for perfection without strife, fear, want, emotional highs or lows becomes colorless unendurable."
"I was waiting for a big dramatic scene throughout the book, but it was not given. I'd love to see a sequel to this book."
"A truly masterful piece of literature. That has had me thinking about its many layers of meaning,  ever since I read it."
"I've read this book so many time, it's one of those classic books that no matter how many times you read it, it just keeps getting better."
"I was reading it because my grandaughter was also reading it, in the beginning I had mixed feeling but ended up loving it! The Giver"
the book was very good though the ending could have been better. i suggest that anyone should read ut uf they are looking for a good story
"Touches on the importance of choice, mistakes, and just living. I'm looking forward reading the next two books to see how the story ends."
I am looking forward to the second book. The  imagination the author brings to the possible evolutionary future of mankind is intriguing.
"It was just okay - and somewhat predictable.  Not being a sci-fi fan, it didn't do it for me.  It would be a good book for teens to read."
I reccomend this book but only if you liked last stand of dead men by Derek landy very bad ending to this book not for the faint of heart
easy read good imagination reading. lots to consider in your own existence after reading. ending was disappointing now I must read others
I read this book in the sixth grade and loved it and once again after I graduated high school and it was just as great as the first time.
"A whole book describing the phrase, ""without pain you can't really know happiness; without anger or loneliness can you really know love""."
"The giver in cludes the the characters jonas his friend asher, sister  lilly and his mom, dad and the giver along w/Gabe"
Your book the giver was a very good book and I hope that you keep on writing the same kind of good books for me to read.
Very original story. Hard to put down. Reminder of why free will is important. Can't wait to read more from the author.
A fun read. Provides insight into a world with no free will (if you ever wondered why God allows bad things to happen).
I love the movie too I highly recommend both. Umm... I have to have 15 words so... yeah... thank you for reading this
Very easy read and interesting... the ending was disappointing. . Reading the other books to see if it makes more sense
This isn't a book I would normally read but it's very good book. I will try the next book hopefully it will be as good.
Very simple utopian story with a few interesting twists to keep the reader interested a good book for group discussion.
My grandchildren told me to read this book. It was not what I expected. It was fast reading . Will go on to second book
Beautiful book. Loved reading it. It's different and refreshing. Can't wait to read the rest of the quartet. Thank you.
I highly recommend this book. I read it in grade school but it made more sense and was more appreciated 20 years later!
I just loved it and was so sorry it ended when it did.  I like unusual stories that stretch the mind.  Really enjoyable
I love the storyline. It is so fascinating. I wish at the end we could learn more about what happens to Jonas and Gabe.
What a great book.. Such amazing imagery and such well written. Very enjoyable book for all ages! Enjoy the great read!
"Timeless masterpiece. Doesn't matter how old you are, the book is powerful across all generations. A must read for all."
Got it as an audio book for a long drive glad I hadn't spent all that time reading it would have been mad at the ending
"The Giver is an amazing book because it has excitement, thrills, unexpected turns, and it is just an entertaining book."
My friend recommended this book. Very interesting but very different style than I am used to reading. Still enjoyed it.
A fine read up till the end. I felt the end was rushed and just lackluster. It is a terrific book to think on.Tom
"A great read.  A peak at a ""perfect"" home and how it can become not so perfect.  I didn't want to put it down."
I first read this fascinating book in sixth grade and have reread it many time sense. I see different things in different points in my life and I get something new out of it every time. This book makes you think of what the world would be like without inconveniences and how someone always has to bare them. It's about a special society that has removed all of that and one person who remembers a time before everything good and bad was taken... It's really an incredible book and a must read for people of all ages. This is a great book to sit down with your middle schoolers or high schoolers and read together. There is some pretty deep stuff.
I liked this book. It was filled with descriptive words. It explained feeling and love with not exactly explaining it.
I don't know why I never read this before. It's an amazing book with amazing messages about what it means to be human.
It is an amazing book. The give is a book just would definitely recommend to any young adults looking for a good book.
i don't understand the fascination with this book. it was alright. my son and i both felt the ending was unsatisfying.
Enjoyed this very much. Dystopia from an interesting point of view. Looking forward to Gathering Blue as my next read.
"Very interesting, I don't normally read this type of book. It did hold my attention and I plan to continue the series."
Arrived before date the only problem I had was that it was a little bent on a corner. Other than that it was all good.
This is a great book it captures all the essences of a good book and it captures the problems of a futuristic society.
A book that's stuck with me for over a decade.. just reread it for the first time in years and still enjoy every page.
This was a different book and I didn't really know what to expect.  It was okay but really for the younger generation.
"I read this when it was first published and recently again.  One of the most intriguing, thought-provoking books ever!"
The book was an great story. This is definitely the best book I have read all year. The Giver has an excellent ending.
I seen the movie before reading the book.  Like most books made into movies this book was a lot better than the movie.
I saw the movie as soon as it came out then I decided to buy the book as well its a pretty easy read and enjoyable too
I loved that the book had an open ending. It made me think of all the possibilities that could have happened to Jonas.
"Well written, but depressing. Couldn't help thinking about ""The Lottery"" which was required reading in school."
"Items well described, though delivery was within the time frame, I expected something faster than 2 weeks here in USA."
This story captivates you until the very end. The giver is one of the best books I have ever read. A spectacular read.
"this book was great, right up there with Harry Potter and the Hunger Games.  such a page turner, could not put it down"
So much better rereading this as an adult than I can remember as a child! I can't wait to share this with my children.
I give this book four stars because the book was ok in the beginning and then it was exciting in the rest of the book.
"Easy read, already downloaded the next one.  Read it for book club and everyone liked it, can't wait to see the movie."
"Good book, plot was interesting and fast moving would recommend for most to read, can not wait for next book in series"
"A haunting story and although it is  categorized as young adult fiction, it was thought provoking for a mature reader."
this is a great take on what happens when individuals let society think for them. insightful look into the human mind.
Kept everything on going. Always kept me guessing. Definetly a good book for me to buy. Recommending it to my friends.
"It was a little slow going at the beginning and a little hard to grasp, but it turned into a great reading experience!"
Great book I read it myself but was purchased for Son school work.  Would recommend it to other people. Thank you much
My daughter ordered this book for a school reading project. Great book! I'm sure she will read it again at some point.
this is a great read for all school age kids and older adults wanting to teach their children to think outside the box
Even years later this is still a great book to read. It's nice that I can find it in ebook version to read once again.
This story is interesting and thought provoking; and I was rather surprised that it was assigned to a 5th grade class.
"This book was interesting, and caught my attention. I loved how the community was supposed to be a Utopia. I loved it."
Loved the book! Interesting outlook on what the world could become! Ending just early enough to leave you wanting more
The Giver is a wonderful book of adventure and excitement. I cannot wait for the next book by Lois Lowery yo come out.
"Little slow. Total let down.  Stupid ending. It has such a great potential but it's lacking so much! I don't know why everyone loves this book so much.  It's not original.  It reminded me of an updated version of Brave New World.  Maybe because BNW was written in the 30's, everyone forgot about it and they think The Giver is so original.  Meh, not for me.  Hope the movie is 10x better than this stupid book with it's stupid ending."
I loved The Giver and the other three in the quartet. I had my seniors dress the entire quartet for required reading.
It was very interesting and always left me wanting to read more. It loved this book! I defiantly recommend this book!
I loved the book so much. I would recommend this book to anyone who likes science-fiction books. One of my favorites.
This was one of the best books that I have ever read. There is a great plot and story line. Great read for all ages.
Very interesting concept.  Reminded me of some of the cults in our history.  Good read for adults as well as youths.
"A different story about a communal life in the future. There are few worries and few pleasures, but lots of secrets."
Loved the story line. Hated the ending.Ending came too fast and took you nowhere . What a disappointing ending
"I sent this to my daughter for her birthday, it took only a week for her to receive it which is pretty good I think."
"My thoughts kept swirling, thinking of how this group of people could have descended so far down.  Hoping that a bre"
Captivating and inspiring.  A work of love!Ms. Lowry knows how to tell a story full of hope and determination.
It takes a lot to hold my attention.  This did that and had me thinking about the ending long after setting it down.
My son needed this book for a school project and report. It came in just as planned and is a very interesting novel.
"Allow Lois Lowry the opportunity to open your mind, time and time again. I gain so much each time I read this story."
I did not read it but my 13 year old couldn't put it down.  She had to read if for school and didn't complain at all.
"It was a truely stunning book. Jonas' world is a gray, boring place......untill he meets The Giver. It made me cry..."
"I'm in John J. Pershing I.S.220, ""The Giver"" By lois Lowry is an interesrting book because in many parts they are have a lot of funny parts, serious, action... mostly action. I would recomend this book to everyone in the world because in this book a lot of people can learn a lot of things that happen in life all the time. If I was stranded in the middle of nowhere I will bring this book to keep me company in my life because I can learn to do what the main character does in the forest where he doesn't know where to turn in the forest. The main character is an interesting character with a lot of interesting things in his life."
The best book I ever read. Words can't describe how good I thought this book was. I wish I know what happened after.
I hated the ending. It was terrible. It didn't tell you what happened to Jonas and Gabriel. I didn't like it at all.
"Great story line with lots of underlying value, social, and political considerations. Looking forward to the others."
This book was good. It pulled me in more than the movie. The book was more interesting than other books I have read.
"My 10 year old son's favorite book of all time.  Thought provoking, dialogue inspiring...  a bit unsatisfying end..."
Easy read but forces you to think about what truly makes you happy. Overall a great book to be enjoyed by many ages.
Interesting book and good story line. i enjoyed it even though it did not fulfill my need to know what happens next.
Enjoyed this book very much. Will be reading the others in the series. Lowry paints a vivid picture for the reader.
This book is absolutely amazing. I love it. And it's a good amount of ar points if you do that. You need to read!!!
"This is a great book. Similar to Hunger Games. Fast read, intended for young adults believe, but still a good read."
"Excellent book, makes you really think hard about today's rules/laws versus the way it could be in the near future."
Great book teaches us sometimes we go through hardships to attain a better life. We should all strive to be givers!
I loved this it is a masterpiece I felt for jonas and loved the side chartersOMG can't wait for the next book
Read it on a trip and loved every page!! I hated to see it end!!  I will definitely read other books by Lois Lowry!
Was re reading it for the first time since middle school and it was just as enchanting as the first time I read it.
"Reread this book in honor of the movie. Makes you think, and is much cheaper since I had to read it in grade school"
A good book for all ages!! Loved the unique story line. The book is great for middle school to high school students
"Could not put it down.  An interesting concept, but made me realize how we benefit from our memories, good and bad."
Good read.  Stirs and makes reader think.  This is a book not soon to be forgotten.  Not crazy about ending though.
This is a very interesting read and will keep you on your toes all the way through.  Pick it up and get started....
One of the best books I've ever read. Lois Lowry does an amazing job describing the harshness of his created world.
Interesting read i liked it I just wish there was more to the book maybe more pages instead of such a quick ending.
"It just never escalated to what I expected and that ending was just not acceptable, it was a dud Iwas not impressed"
Cannot WAIT for the movie!&the other books in the series5 StarsFinished it in 2 daysREAD IT
A Great book.  Definitely a childhood favorite that will enjoy for many more years.  I can't wait to see the movie.
A good book but it takes a while to realize what the book was really about and when you get what's going on it end.
Awesome book my son and I discussed it for his last semester review and it was great to see the illustrated version
This is a book to be cherished by young and old alike. I highly recommend this book to everyone regardless of their age.
"I enjoyed the Giver and look forward to reading more. What would happen if we were all surrounded by ""sameness""?"
"I am mildly confused, obsessed, scared , wanton...the list goes on.  I need more of this book . Download immediately !!!"
Very interesting. Kept me on the edge. My daughter read and loved it. Moving in to Gathering Blue. I would recommend it.
"Re-read for the first time since elementary school, just as good as I remember. Only wish there was a true sequel to it."
Love the book can't wait for the movie. Great book for young adults it's required reading in eighth grade where I teach.
This is literature at its best. So many possibilities for interpretation. So many reflections on life as we perceive it.
"I loved this book, can't wait tell the movie comes out . Really has you think about what you have. A great book to read."
A really wonderful book. I was completely immersed in the place and touched and horrified about the circumstances. -- --
This is a really good story that is required reading for my son.  Short but really touching story.  Well worth the read.
"wonderful! i read it to my daughter when i was much younger..bought it because i loved it then, just as strong now!"
"Has such an interesting story line, really made me think. One of my favorite books that I've read. Love this book!!"
"this was a great read, withsuch a unique and very different idea!I can't imagine living life like that."
Quick read I enjoyed it.  Leaves you refreshed and feeling good.  A moral of the story type of book m. I recommend.
I loved the story but the ambiguity at the end left me wanting closure. When did kids' books all get so depressing?
This was one of my favorite childhood books and I just finished rereading it as an adult and loved it just as much!
Did they live or die?  I am still reading and rereading to figure out if they lived or not.  one more word required
"What an incredible, thought provoking book. this was a very quick read. it pricked my senses and had me enthralled."
This was a great book! The story was told so well and it gave me some philosophical perspectives to think about :)
This book had a long confusing beginning. It was a good book though. I would refer this book to one of my friends.
"At times there is horror, but there is clearly love. It opens my eyes to the juxtaposition of comfort and courage."
Awesome book and a great read in my 7th grade class. Although the ending was not satisfying and was a cliff hanger
"Good read, although kinda short. If you enjoy the divergent or hunger games series you are sure to love The Giver!"
"Good story with a great message.  These dystopian novels show what our world may, or possibly is becoming, become."
This is one of my favorite books and has been since I was 10. It's a great young adult dystopian literature piece.
book p is good but kinda confusing... I think the story is still very interesting. Can't wait to read the next one
AmazingReally easy to read!! This is a great book to read over the summer!!Please read it!! I loved it
"I enjoyed the book overall, but the end of it is disappointing.  I don't need a happy ending, but this just stops."
"I wish every child above the age of 13 reads this. , and all adults. It is the modern 1984 and a plausible future."
"I'm sad now, did they die? Why doesn't the second book talk about Jonas or Gabriel? This book is tumblr-worthy,btw"
this was an interesting subject.how dull life would be with all our choices made for us and I hate making choices.
"I liked that this book made you think, but easy to read. It's such an interesting concept and keeps your interest."
I felt the book left too much hanging to be considered complete.  Be sure to have Son at hand so you can continue.
We all dream of a perfect world but could there be consequences to that world?  This story makes the reader think.
I've loved it since I was a kid! It is beautifully written and great for pretty much all ages. Highly recommended!
I loved this book but the ending I can't decide if I like it or not. I would highly recommended to read this book.
this book is like something you never read before.when you start reading it you will never be able to put it down.
"The Giver is a good and interesting book even though I hated the ending. Anyway, I still give the book five stars."
This book really gives the reader a perspective of what it is like in a perfect world.  It really makes you think.
Very nicely done. Premise is mind challenging.  Interesting that so many middle school children are reading this.
I had read this before but purchased it to read again.  A book to make you think about what is important in life!
Great story very interesting a book you can't stop reading.  Touched my heart and it will touch yours very deeply
I was a little disappointed.  It wasn't what I thought it was going to be based on the book reviews I saw on t.v.
"Easy read, left me wanting to read the rest of the series. Great for young adult readers. Starting on book 2 now."
I had to read this for school wasent quite sure at first but turned out great.I love this book very well written.
It certainly explained more than the movie but i guess its just not the style of books i think are all that great
The end was stupid. I loved the book until the end. I can't believe so many people read this book and enjoyed it.
"Is a good book, It makes your imagination work rapidly. Definitively I will recommend it to my friends and family"
The giver is not the most ground breaking book but is a good read. Give it a try and see what u think for itself.
Got for my little sister who just entered 5th grade as this years Christmas gift. It's beautiful. She'll love it.
I saw the movie before I bought the book.  I wanted to see the difference ...  so far this book is good reading..
Very good although the end left me wanting more it just seemed like it ended with no explanation of what happened
"This is a surprise read, but I loved it. Not a huge book but not a quick read either. Makes you think about life."
I really Enjoyed reading this book. Really made me think about where some people in this country want to make us.
amazing a story with a twist I admired it so much. it's now my favorite book ever!!! I recommend everyone read it
This is a wonderful book and it really makes you think about life.Easy read and interesting from the start.
Great novel! I read this in eight grade and loved it. I read it in one day and still loved it. This is a classic!
Easy child read with many societal comments. Interesting. Is a mash up of Divergent and Brave New World for kids.
if you read it without knowing in advance the plot it's more interesting to go on the journey with the characters
Great and bad I absolutely hated it and absolutely loved it it's good and it's bad i just hope other ppl enjoy it
Read this on a plane to Seattle when I saw they were making it into a movie.  Found it thought provoking.  Good read.
I read this book in a day and it was a page turner! Lois Lowry did an amazing job. It leaves the reader wanting more.
It was definitely an interesting way to look at life.  The story was captivating. I just don't like the way it ended.
Great price for a book my daughter needed for school. A nice short read appropriate for all ages that are interested.
I hadn't read this book since i was a child and i loved it every bit as much now as i did then!! Highly recommended!!
Just awesome! Kept me wanting not to put the book down.  Wish I could know what happened once they reached Elsewhere.
"I read this book first in third grade, and read it over and over. My copy is battered, a little torn, and well loved."
This was a good book and I would really recommend this book to everyone who likes a good book because this is the one
"Amazing imagery, very well written I never wanted to stop reading . I would recommend this book to anyone 11 and over"
"Excellent book! I didn't realize this was a trilogy, so have already ordered book #2. Very good book for a bookclub."
Loved this book...the beginning was slow but it got better and better as I kept reading...Would definitely recommend to anyone
This book is thought-provoking and a must read for young adults. Looking forward to reading the other books in this collection
Well thought out. I really liked the story. And especially the characters... Should've explained the theme more though I guess
I bought this for my 12 year old son for school reading and he loved it. He's eager to read the other books in the series now.
it is very well written and its literature is very niceI love the mix of happiness and sadness also the feeling of trust
I loved it.  I saw the movie but the book is so much more.  Very easy to read and gives you lots to think about such a future!
Amazing story about a very special community where everybody lives in perfect harmony. It is the first booket in a series of 4
I thought it was wonderful.  Everyone in America needs to read this book.  The Giver keeps on giving long after the last page.
"easy for kids to read,  nice that a movie is coming out as that is an incentive to get kids to read before the movie comes out"
Interesting take on what life might be like if we could remove the faults of all people and eradicate those that don't comply.
To write about an adventure is not good if you don't choose to live it. To reed about it it can become an adventure.
There are so many life lessons about how to live your life.  It also has some history lessons if you think about it.
"""The Giver"" is sensational, when I reached the end I couldn't believe it. For a moment I wished that there was more."
Really good book abouf the effects of socialism. But in a screwed up super socialistic fantasy way. Its a bit short.
"I went years before realizing The Giver was just the icing on the cake, all of the books are wonderful page turners."
"Purchased for my daughter for a class assignment.  Its an okay read, not my style of reading but it wasn't horrible."
I got caught up in the story immediately.  The book is geared toward younger readers but it is a story for everyone.
It is one of the best books I have ever read in my entire life. Everyone must read the book. :):):):):):):):):):):)
"The book is great, but the ending leaves you hanging.  You have to read to third book in the series to get answers."
"I love this book each time I read it, it never fails to remind me to appreciate the good, bad and the ugly in life."
"Amazing book, I cried  a few times. But the ending was so painful. I request it to anyone interested. I loved it!"
"I love this book, it reminds me of the divergent series, for those who have read it. Lois lowry never disappoints"
The story built up nicely but I was left wanting to know more and what happened next. I hope there is a sequence.
Read this book in middle school.. and now that I'm 22 yr old I decided to read it once more. Absolutely loved it!
"This is a very peculiar book, I won't tell you the story, I just recommend reading it, you won't be disappointed."
"My middle schooler had to read this book for class, he completed in 2 nights and wanted it to continue. Loved It!"
I don't know whether I like it or not; I paid for it and never got it and can't find how to correct the problem.
Read this in my late twenties. Seems most people had read this at highschool age or younger. Still a great book.
"A very different story I didn't think I'd like it but as the story developed I was hooked.  Now, on to the next!"
This is a 21st century Brave New World. Do we really want to change the world? A question we must ask ourselves.
Story telling was simple and straight forward . I would recommend this book to anyone! Can't wait to read rest of the quartet.
"Definitely different, makes you think life as we know it. If we got rid of all the things that we don't like or cause us pain."
It's so refreshing to finally read something with substance!! Great book for all ages!! Highly recommend this one! Bravo bravo
My granddaughter told me I HAD to read this book. She was right. She is an avid reader and so am I. We both really enjoyed it.
"I read this for school and I am quite Impressed. It has a great plot. The protagonist, Jonas, is brave, kind, and intelligent."
"Needed this book for my son's required summer reading.  The book came very prompt and in very good conditiion, just as stated."
This book was so amazing it's pretty sad though but i liked it hope there will be a second book. I think it deserves 6 stars.
"I can not, in my wildest dreams, imagine living in a place like that! Even though our rights are being threatened every year."
Very easy fast reading as all good books should be. it gave pause to consider how America could change if we don't watch out.
Great story but I was disappointed in the ending. I felt to open ended for me. Watched the movie and enjoyed that a bit more!
I really liked this book but I hoped it would go on a little more. I am definitely going to read the other books
"Great story, well told. Looking forward to reading more from this author. A story that makes you stop and think."
I loved this book. This is the second time I read it and it was just as good. I recommend this book to everyone.
Really holds your interest. Makes you want to read the next three books in the series. You won't be disappointed
"In my opinion, Lois Lowry writes the best books ever!In my opinion, Lois Lowry writes the best books ever!"
This is a definite book to get.  It has been my favorite book for the last year. It has a very interesting plot.
"I just wish this book was longer! It was different, but in a good way. Really makes you wonder about the future."
"I loved this book so much, I couldn't put it down, even to eat dinner. The plot was so intriguing! Thanks, Lois."
"The Giver has a wonderful, thought-provoking plot, and a lot of passages that really make you wonder and think!!"
"This book has been my favorite sad book for a long time.  I reread it a few years ago.  I think I realized something very important to the book: Jonas, Gabe, and the Giver die.  I thought this because jonas reverted to his favorite memory as he died, and since Gabe was with him, he died as well.  When it spoke of Jonas faintly hearing music comeng from where he had been (the community), I think it meant that the Giver had died as well and that meant that Jonas also got to receive the memory of music.This sad ending made me think.  For me, the book did not end there, it was merely a beginning."
A book that was originally geared towards young readers but I couldn't stop reading it and I am in my thirties!
I've read this book before and loved it. I bought it to read again before seeing the movie. HIGHLY recommended!
I've always liked this book it's probably the hundredth time I have read it and I would recommend it to anyone.
"I really like this book, I enjoy the grey tones of evil behind the ignorance and the bright tones of knowledge."
Absolutely the best and most thoughtful novel I have read in a long time. Makes one think about how things are.
"I bought this book for my daughter who hadn't read it yet, but I was pleasantly surprised at how it touched me."
Read this book in high school and loved it. Just got it again so I could re read it before the movie comes out.
This was an amazing book. We enjoyed it. I can't wait to read the next book. I hope we enjoy the next book too.
Enjoyed book. Read because my students will read. Like to read before movie comes out. Wonder how that will be.
I can relate my life and personal issues to this book. I am soo happy that I finally had the chance to read it.
This is an AMAZING book! Kept my interest all the way to the very last page! Starting the next book right away!
"Good book, engaging and easy to read. Personally, I dislike open-ended endings, but still a book worth reading."
I really loved this book a lot i would read it all over again. Definitely would recommend this book to someone.
"It is a remarkable book, so much so that I've told my family and friends to read it! This story stays with you."
Great concept for a book. I really enjoyed the characters and didn't want to put it down. Looking for to book 2
It was a good read. Did not care for the ending felt left hanging and wondering.  Maybe that was the intention.
I'm listening to it in my car before I begin teaching the novel to my class.  It's very enjoyable to listen to.
It was ok.  I guess I was waiting for more.... I don't believe I will read the other books related to this one.
Curious to read the next one just took a sneak peak at book two wondering if and how the stories will be linked
"l have never read a book like this one. It was different, but kept my interest. l am not sure about the ending."
Not my cup of tea...well written but blah to me. Thought maybe the story would pick up somewhere but it didn't.
"Didn't like the ending , it was no closure. Was Jonas dead ? ... Or dreaming ? What happened to the community ?"
I didn't want it to end.  It was a great story from start to finish and I look forward to reading the next one.
Th giver was a great book I love how unrealistic  the book was . I also loved that it gave me a lot of feelings
Is there a follow up book?  Would like to know where the characters find themselves after the end of The Giver.
Thanks to a coworker who told me to read this to my class. This book is a great discussion for a group of kids.
The book was okay but I thought the ending was not well done at all. I don't think I would recommend this book.
fits great would buy again. i think the price was perfect for the item i purchased. would like to purchase more
"The Giver is a book that once you start to read it,you can't put it down and, It's a great book and I loved it."
"I love this book!  Its about a boy who gets a ""job"" with a giver.  The giver gives him special gifts."
This book kept you in suspense and made you think about the world we are living in to the world Jonas lives in.
"Though THE GIVER was an interesting story, with interesting ideas, I felt it left much to be desired. I personally while reading the book kept waiting for it to be brought to the next, deeper, level but instead it  seemed to stay on one less meaningful platau. Also the ending of the book  made very little sense to me, and although intriguing to speculate upon, I  feel more shoul dhave been written."
Interesting story.  I got it for my 7th grader as it was required reading and I thought I would read it first.
"Amazing book, I wish it was longer, but it is more than enough for what it needs to say.Fantastic."
This was an amazing book. I really enjoyed everything about it . Definitely read it if you hadn't heard yet !!
The book was a great read not being to intense or to boring. New events kept you reading. This book was great.
I liked the books lot. It kept my interest. I would recommend it for kids 9 and up. I hope this helps 
"Good, quick read. The ending was a little short and left me wanting more from the community Jonas left behind."
"For a young adult novel, this was a pretty great book. Too bad that the movie adaptation didn't do it justice."
The is a book anyone would like.  I couldn't put it down!  It was a rest book and I really enjoyed reading it.
Hoping the movie lives up to the book.  The second two books of this trilogy don't quite live up to the first.
This book was an amazing read. It has made me look deeper into my own sameness life and question it. Thank you
It is a amazing book and absolutely nothing can change this classic. I'm very glad that I read it in 6th grade
Good book but the ending was a little odd wish there were more books that finished the story but overall great
"The Giver was AWESOME! One of the best books I have ever read, and I have read Harry Potter and Percy Jackson."
As the story unfolds is gets creepy.  It just proves that no one can reach perfection!!  Really made me think.
I didnt like the ending.  I also wished it was a little longer.  Tell what happened in the town to the people.
It was a terrific book. Even though a child's book it was very thought provoking. I would highly recommend it.
This is such a great book.  Easy to get through and well written!  I would most certainly recommend this book!
An engaging story with a powerful message! Couldn't put it down! Loved the author's speech at the end! The end
I'm 28 and this riveting young adult novel had me hooked. I read the whole book in one day and it was amazing
Super deep meaning and can definitely be subjective as to what it means to you. My favorite book of all time.
My daughter loved the book. Her 5th grader class went to see the movie as a class trip and they all loved it.
It's got my curiosity peaked to move on to book 2. Certainly different than any other fiction I've ever read.
I absolutely loved it!! You got to read the book and you will know what I mean!!! It is the best book ever!!!
I will be reading the rest for sure! I need to know what happens to jonus and gabe and now kids holy only lol
I found The Giver was a very exciting read from the beginning to the end. I was disappointed in how it ended.
Easy read with a provocative storyline.  I found myself racing to the end so that I could read the next book.
"In a world of 'sameness', Jonas is given the opportunity to see what the past was like.  I want to read more!"
"This book was very interesting. I had to read this book for school. I ended up loving it! Thank you, teacher!"
"Bought this book for my sons class, and he enjoyed reading it. did well in his class. better if it was e-book."
This is probably my favorite book ever. I usually do not like books and is forced to read them from my school.
Quick.  Good story.  Well told.  Audio.  I do too many of these to be able to describe it in another 14 words.
At sometimes it was hard to understand but I liked it.  Read this book only if you're 14 or older.  Good luck!
I read this book in eighth grade. It was great. I could hardly put it  down. I only wish I had read it sooner!
"My name is Eric and I'm in the 8th grade.  We just completed reading The Giver.  I found the story very interesting.  Though it was confusing at times, as an active reader (with the help of my teacher)I was able to understand some things that were very confusing.  Lois Lowry did an exelent job on symbolism.  I also like the way that she kept you optomistic.  Though you could predict what was going to happen, there would always be a turn in the story that was totally un expected.  I urge you to buy this book and read it for yourself.  This is one book that blows away all of the others!"
"I bought this book for my daughter, she loves the book and it came right on time! Very happy with my purchase"
Great book in perfect condition!  Super fast shipping!  My son is now reading this and enjoying it immensely!
The Giver was my first sci-fi book and it broke the genre open for me. Beautifully done and totally gripping.
Probably a good book for young readers if followed by a good discussion. Not really enjoyed by our book club.
I really enjoy the book even  though I saw the movie first. Can`t wait for the next book. I bought all four.
I loved this story. Didn't realize until I was already reading that it was for young adult. Loved it anyway!
"Never got assigned this book, though I should give it a try. Definitely a good, simple read. I recommend it!"
I enjoyed this. Much compared to society today and how we are controlled by other people. It was a good Book
"Amazing book. I read it in 24 hours, I could not put it down! I definitely recommend this book for all ages."
"Interesting book  a bit hard to understand (the author's trip).  Book in good condition, happy with purchase"
Interesting book and a great series of four books. Our 11 year old had to read this for school and loved it.
Its a great book. It really made me think about life and what it means to value every moment and experience.
Well written and timeless. The lessons taught in this book are profound and applicable in all walks of life.
"A very interesting and beginning, to what promises to unfold into a nice story of hope , and adventure. Cool"
After watching the preview of the movie I simply had to read the book.  It was a very captivating easy read.
This book was amazingI really enjoyed this book and all the dwellings it gave me when I was reading it
This book sparked my love of reading. It is great for young readers. I cannot wait to read with my children.
I did not want to put it down..did not even notice i was already done with the book..lol. Highly recommended
"I read those book so fast that I'm glad I bought the whole series.  One down, three to go. Loving it so far!"
This is one of the best books I've read in a long time!! I'm hooked and now reading the rest of the series..
That was amazing!! I can't wait to read the next two books! Great job! Lois Lowry is my favorite author yet!
"It was ok, not as moving or as interesting as I hoped. It could have flushed characters out more completely."
"A complete , rich, and thoughtful story that shares so much more in the spaces than is present in the words."
Compelling read.... I wish the story went further I just wanted to keep reading it! The story line is unique
"This is a different kind of utopian novel, one that makes you think about individuality and choices. I think I liked it..."
"Exploration of what makes life worth living and what it means to be a human being, great for adults as well as YA readers."
"Thought-provoking on so very many levels, I truly believe that this book is must-read for older children and adults alike."
"Much food for thought in a book about a young boy's discovery of emotion in a world devoid of color ,warmth and human love"
"Really enjoyed reading this book, and it kept my interest through out the entire story. I do however wish there were more!"
"I thought that there would be more depth to this book.  The ending was abrupt as well.  This book was ok, nothing special."
"The Giver is an excellent tool for teaching about anger, bigotry and hatred for all, including middle school age children."
I enjoyed reading this book. Interesting story of a boy in a future civilization. I can't wait to see the movie this year.
"This is a fantastic book,I have loved it for years for its captivating story. I'm glad an illustrated version is available"
It was a very good story line and always kept you wondering. I'm still unsure if I'm going to read the rest of the series.
"Luv the book, did Jonas die or live??? I need to know and the echo, what does it mean, u can spoil it 2 me."
I liked all of the adventure in the book and loved how Jonas turned out to be a loving and caring character
Excellent book. A real enjoyment to read. A book that makes you wonder if the world could ever be that way.
"Ordered 1, got billed for 2. Received 2. I wasn't really mad though because it made a great xmas present :)"
The book was slow reading for me.  It helped watching the movie to get a better understanding of the story.
"The Giver is a fairly easy, quick read, and it gives you a lot to think about. I would highly recommend it."
"Well written, thought provoking and scary.  It's a future I hope some semblance of which never materializes"
I loved the book just some parts didn't make sense to me but other than that the book was more than amazing
"This was a very good read. Thought provoking, i see the world a bit differently now. I highly recommend it."
I love the story this novel contains. it is a story that we should all remember lest the same happen to us.
Definitely masculine and adolescent with lots of twists and turns.  A gothic horror story with a happy ending.
The book was brand new as it was advertised. And it arrives in the shipping window. My daughter is very happy.
"It is a well written book.  But I am glad I did not have to experience living like that, I would of left also."
Works as well as can be expected. Service was good. Everything works great. Would do business with them again.
Great book. Highly recommend! One of the best books I have read in a while. Anxious to read the other stories!
I read this as a child. It was great reading as an adult. Thought provoking and better the second time around.
I think this book is the most adventurest book I have ever read before.Awesome book .Wish I knew happen though
Was not a fan. I felt the book was flat and was trying to reach for something. The message was is transparent.
A second reading. Warm and inspiring. I hope the movie does justice to this wonderful story. We all need love.
Good read. I don't like kindle's requirement to rate the book before you can finish it. This is very annoying.
really good.  You have to read it at least twice to grasp the whole situation but it's definately worth it.
"I read The Giver in 5th grade, and have reread it many times since.  The plot line that the back cover gives is nowhere near as complex as the actual book is.  There are many questions that arise as the book goes on, questions of morality. You have to totally letyourself into the characters  mind.  This book intrigued me because you have to really think to  comprehend the""big picture"" and not just the ""scene""  that goes on inside it.  I strongly recommend this book to children and  adults alike.  It is a moving novel that will stick with you forever."
"The Giver was about a boy who got assigned his job as a reciever when he turned 12 years old. And when you get to old or you are ill or you just want to be released they give you a shot and you will pass away from there. Jonas'job was to receive the memories from The Giver! His sister had just turned 8 years old and she got her front buttoned jacket!  I did not really like this book! It didn't really excite me at all! It was very different, but it just wasn't for me.  I would recommend this book to people who just like to read wierd books!"
Can't wait to read the other book. Would of liked it better if i knew what happened to everyone at the end
Thought provoking and a great book for young readers to begin discussions on what kind of world they want.
I was very disappointed.  So many people told me to read this book.  I expected it to be more interesting.
"I read this story a very long time ago, and just re-read it. Reading this gets better each time I read it!"
Possibly the greatest young adult/children's book ever written. The book is SO MUCH BETTER THAN THE MOVIE!
A rather odd story about a sameness community.  Glad that God gave us the freedom to choose our own paths.
My children read this years ago.  I found it well written and a moving tale of moral and ethical dilemmas.
One of my  favorite books. I could recommend this to any person on the planet who can read. Life changing.
Excellent novel didn't want to stop reading. Lois is a great author. Need to read more of his books. Great
"I really think this book moved me, and I hope there is a sequel. I am looking forward to seeing the movie!"
Really liked the book. Can't wait for the movie! I was a bit confused if Jonas and Gabriel die in the end.
I didn't want to put it down! Good from start to finish. This is definitely a classic. Would recommend it.
"I wanted to give this as gifts for Christmas, but could not find a print edition.  Great story, enjoyed it"
Great Book. This was a required reading for the 8th graders in the school I am assisting. This a good read
It was a great book am getting all the other ones. It always kept me on my feet. I defentally recommend it
All I can say is read it.  Loved this book.  Great for teenagers to adults.  After you read it pass it on.
I have loved the Giver since I first read it in the fourth grade. I have since read it more than 20 times.
I read this when I was twelve. Reading it 13 years later it still gives me chills. Great book to this day.
Good goood dood good good good good goodg he dgddgd ssh dgdgdg(dgdgd ha oshsuuwhshwiwi  s uhh w in s shsjs
This was the best book Ihave ever read.  It was imaginative and thought provoking.  Thouroughly enjoyable.
"Great book, I was on the edge of my seat the whole time!! It had a great plot and was really interesting!"
Read this book back when I was in school. I wanted to re read before I saw the movie. And I'm glad I did.
I read this once before in school. I'm very pleased to have read it again. I finished it in 2 short days!
"Although I liked it, it was kinda boring in the beginning. Although I did like it more as I kept reading."
The whole series is unlike anything I've read.  I finished the series in a week.  I couldn't put it down.
Both were excellent.  On to the second of the series to find out what happens next.  I can't wait to see.
This book is fun because it will talk about what might happen in the future and we might have communities
I didnt dislike the book at all i would reccomend this to all my friends and it was just overall an amazing book
Excellent. I heard this was good. I guess I didn't know it's more of a short story. Can't wait to see the movie.
Lobed the idea. Quick read! Would like to read the sequel. Didn't realize this was a short story when I started.
I had heard this book was being banned at some school libraries. I could not see why. Surprised with the ending.
This book will forever be ageless and a keystone in young adult literature for the rest of our lives and beyond.
I chose this rating because this book is brilliant. The characters are so well defined and detailed. I loved it!
This book is the best book ever!! This book keep me interested!! Lois lowery did a great terrific job!! - Alyssa
"Recommended read for all ages. I liked the book, enjoyed reading it as I find my Elsewhere. Thank you Lois Lowry"
The cover a little damaged. And pages are somehow yellow. But it is worthy.The story is good for child to learn.
This was a a wonderful that I read in middle school and now again in college I cannot wait to read the next one.
it was really good I would definitely recommend this book very well written it was weird but good so good
Thank You!!!!
"I did buy this to read to my daughter but I couldn't wait to finish it and had to finish it before I could read the rest of it out-loud for my daughter....(also, she was too young for it-she was only 6). I will read it to her for the first time soon (she's almost 9)....anyway....the story is amazing, intensely thought provoking like 'brave new world' and '1984'.Read it first, then to your child if she's 9 and up. Children can be strongly affected by the mature themes and the conversation & questions that follow...a wonderful book, highly recommended..."
I really enjoyed this.  I believe that hunger games and the divergent series were inspired by this book.
"Lois Lowry is an amazing author of many books,and I think that you should read his great book the giver."
It wouldn't let me read it like at allI tried everything but it wouldn't even let me open the book
I haven't read the sequels yet but really enjoyed this book. It should be required reading for students.
This is a very unusual story that really makes you think.  You never know when the world can go too far.
When I first began this book I expected very little. I am glad I read it and look forward to the sequels
I just don't understand why this is so highly rated.  It's ok but I have read so many much better books.
Great writing! I wish I could hear more about Jonas and his story! I'm excited to read the next books in this series.
this book to me explains why we should celebrate our differences and to feel the world around us not just live in it.
There are no more words to describe this book then awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I also liked the movie so go see that to
The way it left promise for another book. Which will tell what can happen next. I just can't wait for it to come out.
It arrived kinda late but I love the book very much. There is a little defection on the cover of the book but its ok.
A little too quick. Wish it was longer and there was more detail. Can't wait to see the movie to see it come to life.
"Good, quick read, not revolutionary and geared toward younger readers. Would recommend to those still in high school."
I loved everything about this book. I recommend this to anyone. I gave it four stars because I could not put it down.
"This was a wonderful that I just finished re-reading. I saw that they were making it into a movie, so I dad it again."
This book is a page turner. It is also a deep book that will make you think. It is an excellent book for a book club.
I pretty much wrote this because it wouldn't leave me alone this book Is great so read it seriously READ IT
It is very exciting and fun. Sad in many ways but is happy if you think about it!  NEED TO READ
"This was a quick read, which is always a good thing.  I felt like it just ended vs. having some conclusion."
This is the original hunger games type. Didn't expect it from the title or the fact that it has been around
"Well written and thoughtful.  Although it was a quick read, there was much to think about in all the pages."
This is a great book. Defanently read the second book. It leaves you hangin. Please read it is a great book
This was an easy to read book but yet presented a very unique view of the way in which we live. Great read.
This is by far one of the best books ever written in my opinion. It is a book that everybody needs to read.
"The book made me want to write myself.  Easy, short read and good for any age.  I really enjoyed this book."
"The first time i read this book i was in 7th grade, i must have read it a million times since then. Awesome"
I am just so surprised at this it's just......wow I definitely recommend reading it . Be calm READ on !
"Very good read, would have liked it to be a bit longer. I am glad I finally read this book. Interesting"
Loved this book. Very character driven and very easy to read. Highly recommend for young adults and up!
"I remember reading this in High School and loving it, as an Adult I decided to buy it and read it again"
great when i first read it in school 15years ago and great now as i reread it before the movie release.
Very in depth and detailed. Couldn't put it down until of course the end. Can't wait to start next book
"It was an unusual book.  I'm not sure I would reread it and that says a lot,I reread books all the time"
Enjoyed it.  Very easy read.  About 5th grade level.  Will not continue this effort.  A little TO EASY.
"Makes you realize there is so much we take for granted and how much life there is to value, greatfuly!!"
"I have had this book many times and every time, I enjoy it more! I would recommend this book to anyone."
Great book! Actually read this when I was in middle school and had to purchase the book to add to my collection!
The book was very thought provoking. It gives you a lot to think about. Very well written. A definite must read!
"Enjoyed the book, but really didn't like the ending.  Would have like to know what happened back at the village."
AMAZING book just amazing I loved it 10/10  the giver is amazing and I loved the characters and the the memories
Thought provoking and slightly disturbing in regards to what the future could be. Enthralling to the end though.
This is a good quick read. It has deeper meaning upon further reflection. I would recommend this book to others.
It was a beautiful story that captivates and keeps you reading till the end. Greatly recommended to all  of you.
read this as required reading over twenty years ago in school. enjoyed and appreciated it much more as an adult.
Very interesting story. Easy read and thought provoking. It was hard to put the book down until it was finished.
It's was an amazing book that kept you wondering what was going to happen next I can't wait to read the sequels!
No resolution at the end of the book. That is disappointing. Would like to have an ending for my taste.
Makes a person realize how really fortunate we are to NOT be equal and the same.  I enjoyed reading it!
Great writer and amazing story plot. Lois Lowry is an amazing writer and I can't wait to see the movie.
It's kinda scary to think about a world with no choice. I'm not even sure a can grasp that thought.....
This is such an amazing book. t read it for my book report in class and instantly fell in love with it!
This book will soon be considered a classic. Fast read could not put it down. All ages will enjoy this.
I liked the Giver. It had some unexpected things happen that you had no clue. I really loved this book.
One of the best books I read as a kid. One of those you'll never forget....keeps you thinking about it.
"The Giver is one of the best books I have read. It is extraordinary novel about a stable, pain-free society with no color, music, or feelings. Their world seems perfect with everyone fulfilling their assignments. When Jonas turns twelve, he fills the role of Receiver of Memory. He discovers sights, sounds, and feelings he has never had before, and he cannot share them with the other people. Jonas dicovers that his is not the perfect world and attempts to change it. I recommend this book because it is sure to keep me from taking things for granted."
It was great I will recommend it to anyone a superstar a judge if not I will read myself over and over
"Easy-reading, enjoyable story to take your mind off the stressful world we live in today.  Great read!"
A stunning portrayal of utopian society. The twists and turns will leave the reader yearning for more.
"I loved the story but the end came up too fast and it sort of left me hanging. Overall, a great story!"
"Thought this was the Quartet edition (in the title), but in fact it is only the first book 'The Giver'"
This book can be put on many levels - is everyone better being treated the same or developing their oe
This book was a fast read. It was very hard to put down!  It reminded me a little of the Hunger Games.
This book was amAzing to say the least. I will be purchasing more works from Lois Lowry in the future!
I read this as a child and now again as an adult. It's wonderful and was just as good as I remembered.
It was cool but I didn't understand the last part ware he was on sled sledding down the hill with gabe
This is one of the best books I have ever read.  Can't wait for the movie!  Can't recommend it enough!
Great book. My daughter had to read it for language class. It was nice to be able to discuss with her.
"'The Giver' by Lois Lowry concerns a teenage boy growing upin a society where all emotions are repressed, births arestrictly controlled and those who don't fit in are ""released"".  I won't say too much about it, because there are a couple of plot features which I could spoil.  What I will say is that it is brilliantly written - the reader can instantly emphasise with the central character -  incredibly moving and altogether beleivable. (N.B. This is a young adults title, but don't let that put any adult readers off)"
"Enjoyed reading this book...and want to now read the next book, because the ending left me wondering."
Saved my grandson from having to read the book over for review.  Glad you had this particular version
Great Book I Could not put it down. Very Interesting. Came in great condition. & was delivered quick.
"Read after seeing the movie.  Liked the movie better, but it's a good classic to have in the library."
"I fist didn't really like this book but on my third try, I LOVED it. Though its confusing in the end."
"Too short tho. Looking forward to the balance of the trilogy, and hoping for some resolution. . . . ."
"Quick read, good book, made me not want to see thw movie whichy would unlikely be true to the book..."
Bygvuvougvgvhuhbyhgy bhvygt gg HHS hhuygy yvgygvygv yvgygvygv gg ggggf t ff yay HHS. nigh g I l k I t
The Giver was a good and fast read.  I was disappointed with the ending guess I just wanted more closure.
I hope the movie is at least as half as good as the book is!!  I am starting to read the second book now.
"Amazing book, drew me in from the very beginning. I just wished that there had been more of a conclusion."
"Read it on a day.  Loved it, but I was longing for more.  What happens next?  Disappointed in the ending."
Loved this!!!! While the movie was okay.......this is a must read. In fact YOU must read the quartet!!!!!
This has been a favorite of mine since I was in junior high! Great book... I am reading the sequel now :)
Read this as a child and still love this as an adult. Quick read. Great truths. A journey worth the time.
I recently re-read this book and loved it even more than the first time I read it more than ten years ago
Is really good book and a very good read. Warning this book is a science fiction for being in the future.
A well-written enjoyable book. I want to read more from this author. I was surprised at how short it was.
Hope the next book is good. Nuns issue jsjsj jsjsj disuse Susie sashes didn't signs jsjsj sis us is js
I like the giver and I read it again just for fun and the illustrations really help your imagination .
I am not a fan of controlled societies but our book club put it on our read list and I gave it a shot.
"The Giver allows you to think outside the box, and outside the realm of life. Great read for all ages!"
I just finished reading this for the first time myself and am anxious to read it aloud to my children.
"This was a really good, short read.  I read the rest of the Giver books back to back.  Loved them all."
"Loved it, read it for the first time when I was ten and just reread it! Better the second time around!"
Amazing book. I wish it continued further but the ending was truly poetic. It was hard to put it down.
"This book was purchased as a gift, and the receiver was thrilled wih it.  It was just what was needed."
"A good book that makes you want to read more. This book had very little action, and a terrible ending."
Very very very well written an i really enjoyed the plot and twists. Will recommend to anyone young or old!!
I choose this number of stars because this book made m e want to read more ... it was outstanding I loved it
I have loved this book for a long time and returning to it only expanded my understanding of it. Very sweet.
Amazing book! I really enjoyed it! Can't wait to read the next one! This is a definite must read for anyone.
"One of my Favorite books, I can re-read it over and over again. The only word that comes to mind is amazing."
Best book ever!!!! I will read this again!!! I can't wait for the movie in September!!!!! :D Yay yah!!! Haha
"I choose 5 because it's really good books.  I think people who likes action,and laugher they might like it ."
"I suppose the reason this book has no previous reviews would be because it is for a younger audience,but it is classic. For fear of giving spoilers I will make this short.It is a very original story about a boy living in a authoritarian culture, where there is an inability for free thought. After becoming apprenticed to the town's Giver the boy begins a journey of who he is, where he belongs, and the truth about humanity. I would recommend the book to younger readers and adults alike. It is surprising, emotional, and of all the books I've read one of the most memorable!"
"""The Giver"" deals with information about the twelve year old boy Jonas who lives in a future society. In my opinion the book wasn't as exciting as other books i read. Although the story was very fascinating and interesting in the second part, the first part of the book is written very  boring.  Nothing interesting happens there. When the ceremony is over and  Jonas starts his training and receives the memories, ""The Giver""  becomes more and more fascinating. So coming to a conclusion I would say  that it's a average written book with a well thought story"
"This was ok but by the end, I did not want to pick up the next one in the quartet to see what it was about."
I've read this so many times! it is one of my favorites! there so much imagery and has a cliff hanger ending!
Was every interesting but also sad.  I think that many people will love this book. Very fun read for all ages
This book was one of the best books I have read in a long time. I think everyone should read this GREAT book!
Love this book!!!!! I've read it several times an  each time I read it I love it even more than the last time
It was an interesting concept but a bit exaggerated at times. Glad I read it.Not sure I'd recommend it.
I love this book I  give it a five review because  it tells you to always stand strong in what you believe in
Great read. Definitely makes you think about your own life and how it could be if you lived in the community.
"This slight volume is so well written, so thoughtful, so well developed, that it is a small jewel of a book."
I loved this book. It was so orginal and imagitive. I recommand it to everyone I know. They all loved it too.
I liked this book but the ending was not good. It did not tell you what happens to the characters at the end
"Great read for my 7th grader! He loved it, more than the movie, enjoyed comparing or thoughts on it."
I could not put the book down. Super easy read and the story just flows. Love it definite good read.
"this book was not my favorite, or one that I will recommend to anyone or read again. it was weird..."
"My 9 year old is really enjoying this book.  Now that the movie is coming out he, is more motivated."
I loved this book. I would highly recommend this book to older young adults (or any adult as well. )
I liked everything about the book except for the ending....its seemed like it just stopped mid-story
Very good novel. It is fun to read. Both my daughter and I love it. we will buy similar novel again.
"I wasn't crazy about the ending as a child, but I loved it when re-reading it as an adult. Poignant!"
A very quick read.  The story flows very well and kept my interest so that  I could not put it down.
Couldn't have asked for a better book. It enwraped me with joy I haven't felt from a novel in years.
"Great read, keeps you going. Hard to put down. Takes you a place you don't expect. A very good book."
I really enjoyed this book. I don't really have anything else to say. I just wanted to give 5 stars.
It has a slow start but the end is great. I really liked it because it had clear visions in my mind.
"It was a great book, but I only gave it 4 stars because the beginning was kind of slow and sluggish."
It was a very good story because I really liked it and it was amazing because of how much I liked it
"This book is a great read for my 9 year old boys, my 11 year old daughter, and me!  We all loved it!"
This book was about a boy who becomesa reciver of pain and happiness in a world where there is none.
"I sincerely enjoyed this book even though I'm not a big fan of reading. With its on-going events and details, I found myself picturing it in my mind and really enjoying it! A rare occurrence in my case! This is a book you can read over and over and still find yourself making up different endings that you think could have happened. Also, with its twists and turns spread throughout the book you don't find yourself reading just to get to the big climax at the end. I salute the author and highly recommend that you read this book!"
Great book.  Wished I would have read this before seeing the movie.  Explained some vague concepts.
A teacher's must have! I prefer this layout to the original as it enhances the reader's experience.
I loved it. But it was too short! I want to know what happens to Jonas and Gabriel and the city....
Really good read. It will renew one's appreciation for our free world and all the beauty of nature.
I loved this book.  Can't wait to read the next in the series. I hope to find out what happens next
a very good book. read it with my 7th grade homeschooler and then watched the movie and loved both.
"Bought the whole quartet.  Loved book 1 and 4.  Books 2 & 3 are good, but not as engaging as 1 & 4."
I am twelve years old and I loved this book. It is such a warm book. Amazing. ANYONE GET THIS BOOK!
I read this book in two days I was so hooked on it. I would sit in bed for hours and read this book
very insightful and compelling - required reading in high school - they learn sameness is not good!
It was a great book for young  adults. It is one of first of the type-futuristic planned world etc.
I read it and loved it  so I got it for my 5 th grade daughter.  She loved it and is on to the next
Read the book in anticipation of the novel and both my husband and myself enjoyed reading the book.
"It was extremely intriguing. HOWEVER, I hope it is part if a series or trilogy. IT CANNOT BE OVER!!"
It was amazing to read as a child and now aloud to my boys. A book that is a treasure for all ages!
"This novel was truly amazing! An eye opener! I loved it, and I cannot wait until I see the movie!!!"
Very provocative. An excellent book for your readers to become aware of individual needs of others.
A scary concept. Enjoyed reading for the second time recently.  Love the ending-hope for the world.
I understood this so so much more as an adult than when I read it in school. Very interesting read.
I'm not a lover of fiction books but absolutely adored this one!  One of my favorites ever written!
a must read! can't wait for the movie read the book in a day! I was I intrigued from the first page
Every child under the age of 18 that is given traditional religious training should read this book.
"The first time I read this book I was 10 years old, sitting in a library in my elementary school.  I can honestly say, this book has the same impact on me today, as it did thirteen years ago.  This beautifully written dark narrative on a Utopian society only becomes more relevant with time.  It lacks the seriousness of ""Brave New World"" but somehow manages to be taken more seriously.  Perhaps because the future described, could easily happen with today's technology.  You will love it if you are 10 or 50, highly recommended."
"Lowry does a good job of keeping you interested in this book.  She describes a world that seems almost perfect, there is no pain, no fear, no sorrow, and no choices to be made.  It is about a boy named Joanas.  At first Joanas is content living in his colorless world without feeling, but later he realizes all the good things his comunity is missing.  This is a very good book that really makes you think about the world today.Most of my friends, both boys and girls, have read this book by choice and really enjoyed it."
"Despite the multyiple criticisms of many individuals regarding this publication, I myself found it to be exceptionally well written with an intriguing concept that was a bit difficult to grasp, but with some speulation could be succeeded. The conclusion was truly moving, regarding the great heights Jonas was willing climb in order to escape the deceptive cruelties and lies belied by the utopian exterior. I myself am quite Kafkaesque and thus found this book quite enjoyable, however, not everyone must be in order to do so."
I want to know what happened to Jonas and Gabriel. Are they linked to the next book in the series?
"I read this when I was in elementary school and loved it, and it's still just as good as an adult."
Loved this book. Started as a book report with my fifth grade son. We enjoyed reading it together.
"My kids had to read it in 8th grade, since the movie came out I wanted to read it before watching!"
Has no bad language and is a great book it is best for ages ten and up and is good for adults too.
I enjoyed this book so much. I just can't believe it took me until my adulthood to discover Lowry.
This book is a compelling examination of the human societal experience through medium of dystopia.
I just didn't like this book that much to me it was kinda boring but I did really like the ending.
"Best book that I ever read! If there were a 100 star rating, I would give it that. Totally awesome"
This is a great book l totally recommend this book to anyone who loves to read a really good book.
amazing book! I read it in high school & had to read it again. Looking forward to seeing the movie
This is part of a set of books that should be a must-read for all. I highly recommend this series.
My daughter had to read it so I did with her.  It was a lovely story.  We had great conversations!
I love this book in the beginning it was a little confusing other than that I love this book. Love
this is the best book i have ever read. Its perfect.You have to read it. You will never forget it.
"Wow! I can't believe how good this book was.If you've read my reveiw on My Side Of The Mountain than you know that I don't mess around with reading bad books.This book was great, and I read it in three days.The only reason why I didn't finish it earlier was my parents had to literally seperate me from the book.I know that I shouldn't say bad things about illiterate people I should write it instead, so that's why I'm here. So if you're illiterate you're really missing out. So learn how to read so you can read this book!"
This had a good build up but the ending seemed incomplete and did not work for me.  The author probably thought she was being clever by leaving it up to the reader to decide what it meant.  Instead it seemed to me like she ran out of time or ideas.  The afterword even offers some ideas on what readers thought the ending meant.  Most of them were better than her ending.  Perhaps she should have split the royalties and let them finish it.  The good news is it is a quick read and you won't waste too much of your time.
One of my favorite books as a kid.  I enjoyed reading it as an adult.  It really makes you think/
"Very good but strange, but I am only ten years old so I would recommend you read it for yourself."
Glad I reread this before I watched the movie. The book is so much more meaningful and beautiful.
"Great storyline, just wish there were more pages to it - more like a novella than an actual book."
This was such a good book even if your 10-100 it is great I really am speechless about this book.
Read this book it is the best book I have ever read in my life read read read read read this book
"I can't comment on this.  My granddaughter ordered it for school, but I know that she enjoyed it."
Really neat idea for a book. I just wish it had a better ending with more info on the characters.
"A well-paced story full of surprises and hope. Leads to deep thinking on choices, knowledge, life"
"This was one of the books we were force to read in school, and one of the few I absolutely loved."
this is an awesome book. every body should read it. It should be a required book to read for schools.
"bad ending, but a great book all around. I do not recommend this book for anyone who cries easily. :)"
Wish the book was longer.  Loved it but felt he could have done so much more with such a great story!
It's a little slow at the beginning but it got better as I read the rest of it. I would recommend it.
"It took me a while to get into the dystopia, but once it gets going this book is amazing.  Must read."
The giver if the best book I've ever read. I highly recommend this book and the others in this series
"Not as much action in this book, but thought provoking and a good story line is integral to the plot."
I love this book. I read it as a kid and I wanted to read it again. I'm looking forward to the movie.
This is a great book but there is a couple deaths. 10 & 11 Years and older. But great job Lois Lowry.
I bought it to read to my class but loved it for myself! Very intriguing! Couldn't put it down! Love!
"Having never read this book in school, I picked this up on a short trip and couldn't put it down."
This book gives me The Stirrings!!!  Oh Wow!  Take me to the House of the Old or lose me forever!
"The Giver, helps us to open our eyes to the world around us and to be ever mindful of who we are."
Just saying that it is weird. I never want to live in this kind of world.  Keep it weird America.
I love this book.  That's why I bought it.  I dont have anything else to say about this book. ok.
i had to read this book for school and loved it can't wait to read the next book highly recommend
"This is a great story. Gives you a lot to think about.  It is going to be made into a movie, too!"
An award winning book is a great thing to read. Have been meening to read this for quite a while.
This book was excellent. I recommend it to anyone! Iv'e read ita couple times. Its a great story!
"I've read this book about 4 times and I find something new in it each time.  I will say that it is a very different book, with some VERY unique perspectives, but it really makes you think about our world, and how we  live.  I first read this in Grade 4 and I understood most of it.  I would  say that it is for anyone over Grade 4, but you do have to be mature.  There are some strong themes in the novel.  Pick it up and think while you  read.  Compare our world to theirs.  I think you'll like it!  I know I did!"
This is an excellent book that we use in the elementary classroom. It was an excellent purchase.
Good story of what could happen to society in the future for the survival of mankind.  Hope not.
I give it a 10/10. This is a very good book. Everyone should take the time to read and enjoy it.
wow stunning and great discussion questions after reading this with a study group.  Recommended.
I've read through half of book three and am giving up. It has such potential but never delivers.
"A really good classic book that people of all ages can enjoy, I personally love this book! ! ! !"
"This book was truly amazing, I wish it had more, I wanted to read on, only downfall is no sequel"
I liked it but wasn't quite bowled over as I expected to be from all of the hype over the years.
I enjoyed the book. 26 year old man who used to hate reading. Read this is 2 days. Thanks again!
This is the best book ever # bobbert I am not sure how long you have been able to make this book
"One of the best books I've read in a long time.  Not just of ""young readers.""  Stunning."
"The book was spontaneous it was a page turner . It just kept me going , I couldn't put it down !"
I cannot wait to get the next book!  I think this story is going to be great on the big screen!!
"All the kids in my school hated the book, but I LOVED IT. An all time fav. Hope you love it too!"
I loved it I read it twice now on to the next book the illustrations made it easier to visualize
people told me this book was like the hunger games so I bought it and fell In love with her work
I give it a thumbs up and I will definitely be buying the next book in the series by Lois Lowry
I think this book was pretty good because i like how the author made the giver very old and wise
"Hugely dissapointing. Don't pay for this book!People raved about this book, they said it was the best thing they'd ever read but it was so dissapointing. A great story was set up and after all of that set up the book ends midthought.Someone else said in a review that the book seemed to start and end within a matter of ten pages and I completely agree with that.Whats the point of reading the book if you never get to know what happens to Jonas or the world he left behind."
For middle school aged children to adults. It's message is a good lesson for all to learn from.
Purchased this book for my daughter as her school requested it.  All I can say is she can't put it down.
You have to read it to understand. Trust me. It's worth it. Very very good book for anyone and everyone.
"Great book, but the ending, not  knowing what happens to the boys. Just glad that the book son came out."
Quick read I thought it was kind of sad but in a good way the ending left you wanting just a little more
I liked the book. It was interesting and kept me intrigued. I thought the ending could have been better.
"Wonderful, classic, thought provoking. I enjoyed being transported into another place and made to think."
"Great story, really gets you thinking. I cannot wait to see the movie. I hope it is as good as the book."
"This is on my to-read list, but I have looked into the first couple of chapters and am excited to begin."
"This was an easy, but exciting read. Very well written and I am going to start the next book right away!"
I love the way it makes you think a world with no color and how it would be to see it for the first time
Loved it! This was a birthday gift for my son. He said he loved the book better than the movie!
I chose the rating because the book is good it on my top five now best book by far I recommend!
Beautifully written classic.  Should be in every high school English class as required reading.
It was a great bookI loved the bookIt is one of my favorite books I have ever read!
Thought provoking. Well written quick read. I'm going to recommend this one for our book group.
I like this book so much this is a need to read book if you haven't already read it you need to
Excellent book for core literature. Live the story and classroom discussion. Very well written.
My 10 year old daughter loves this book.  She is a fifth grader and reads well above her level.
This book is a great read. Takes you to a place that is unique with a twist on human existence.
Such an amazing book. People of all ages should read. Inspiring. Gave me a new outlook on life.
My daughter read this in school and asked me to read it.  I was surprised.  It was a good read.
One of the best books I have ever read in my life.  I give this book my highest recommendation.
A great read.  Would love to see it made into a movie. Was sad to see the story end. Want more.
This book was assigned to my son to read but I couldn't resist and then I couldn't put it down.
I read this on a cold wintry day. I finished it in one sitting.  It was an easy escape . thanks
this is a book that you can't put it down! I recommened with my friends.  A+ must read book. MS
It's a great book and I like the intro to it .Was really good book over all .Hope you do to!!!!
"Read it as a child and it was my favorite book, re-read it as an adult and I like it even more."
my look on the book was amazing. I did not want to read it at first but when i did i was glad.
My Granddaughter got me started on this book...had to read all of the series.  Loved them all.
One of the best books I've read in a long time. I would absolutely recommend this book to everyone.
So sad and good. Hard to believe. Can't wait to read the next three and figure more out about them.
But a tad too childish for my taste. it wasnt what I was expecting - that's for sure. give it a.try
kind of sad. kind of hopeful. not my usual genre but pretty good. they say I need seven more words.
I liked it. I want to read the next book. Seems like the hunger games took a little from this book.
I love the suspension and the excitement of this book. It's one of the best books I have ever read.
I read this book book before and I read it again and it doesn't amaze me how wonderful this book is
"this book was very interesting, couldnt put it down!! i suggest this to all ages as a MUST READ! :)"
i was required to read this for a college course but was richly enlightened by all it had to offer.
This book brings out the emotion in you. I would recommend this book to anybody over the age of 10.
Certainly a view of life that made me think!  Enjoyed the book and its thought provoking ideas!
This is the best book you will ever read. It will change your life forever. I love it too much.
I was disappointed that it ended abruptly...But I guess that is the hook for the next sequel...
"This book is awesome.  I LOVED IT SO MUCH , THIS HAS CHANGED MY ENTIRE FREAKING VIEW ON LIFE .."
This book was definitely very hard to put down. I can only hope the movie lives up to the book.
Our book club thoroughly enjoyed reading this book and seeing the movie. Very creative writing!
Not sure I want to see this book brought to life in a movie. Glad I didn't read this as a teen.
"Amazing, I just read this book and it was the best book I've read my whole life. It was amazing"
Good easy read. I'm now anxious to read the other books in the series and the movie's out soon!
I thought it was kind of confusing at first but did they die at the end I am yet still confused
I loved this book as a child and now as an adult I was able to read it quickly and revisit it.
NiceIt's cool very nice I like it a lot plz make a statement of every single day at work
The movie was great so I decided to read the book. I loved the book even more as I usually do.
I could not put down this amazing book! It is so exciting  that I read it over and over again.
Super fast read. Saw the movie first then had to get the book. Off to read the second one now.
This was the best fiction book ever. Love it so much. Now I am going to read the whole series.
"This is my second time reading the book, and it was just as capitulating as the first time!!:)"
She has inspired many writers. And has increased critical thinking skills to many young minds.
I loved this as a young adult and I love it now. Such a great book to really get you thinking.
I remember reading this book in school. I didn't like it then but I love it now. Def must read
Could not stop reading! Can wait to see the movie. I hope is the same as the book. Great story
More details at the end and I know there are more books I the series which I will want to read
This book was a wonderful quick read. Loved it as a kid and loved it this time around as well!
"This is a great story! I recommended it in a book report, and now my teacher wants to read it."
This was a great book. I loved it so much. I can't wait to read the next ones. Best Book ever!
This was very awkward but very good  I liked the words in the book but I also liked the ending
"The book was verry good, it was kind of hard to understand,because of the non coulers and ect."
"This book ""The Giver"" is the strangest yet most interresting story I have ever read."
"The Giver gives you a story where there is no war,pain,color,decisions,drug use,ect. It's a world that Jonas,a 12 year old kid, lives in. He is asighned a role in the community that will change his life as well as yours forever.This Newberry award winning book will keep you on the edge of your seat. I highly recommend anyone to read this book! It's suitable for all ages. You actually devolop feelings for the characters. The book will leave you hanging, & thinking from beggining to end."
Fiction suitable for 8 - 12 year olds. Also the story is somewhat banal and derivative.  I think there are many other reads worth your time.
Makes me grateful for memories and colors and glad Jonas finally made it and the baby was saved so there
Great book and very interesting. This book is more in aim at 7 th or 8th  grade levels and up from there
"It appeared as a suggestion on my kindle, and as soon as I started reading I couldn't stop. I recommend."
I have always loved this book! And every time I read it I find a new meaning! It really is a great work!
"I picked up this book at a book swap in 2002 and have read it many times. One of my favorites, for sure."
i would recommend this book to all friends and family it is so addicting i love it i hope you like it to
An easy read but a profound novel that will leave you thinking about the beauty in life for a long time.
It's a great book and its science fictiony. I suggest it for hunger games likers. It was very very good.
"My son is reading this, and recommended it.  So far, so good!  Sort of like the hunger game series, yea!"
I would recommend this book to people who like the Lois Lowry books. I also got this book fast and easy.
This is a very good book. I really like it and I hope to share this book to my friends. Have a nice day.
Mandatory read for school but we all enjoyed setting around listening to our Grandson read the story!!!
I think it is a very good book. Although it is a little hard to understand at first but it gets better!
I know this is for younger readers...but I really loved the concept of this book. Pretty cool story. =D
Very dull book would not touch any of the rest of the series so in my opinion this book is not worth it
I hope this never happens in our society. Almost kinda scary. This is a very good book. I recommend it.
Very good. A thought provoking book. I enjoyed it and will likely read some more of Lois Lowry's books.
This book really started the whole trend of the hunger games and Enders game etc.  very important book.
I love the book. I haven't seen the move but I love the book. It is the perfect book for any teenagers.
This book was great! Should have read it when I was younger I would have liked a more challenging read.
This is the second time I've read this book and it is still just as amazing! Buy Buy Buy Buy!
"This book is different..definitely different.  I read it the summer before sixth grade, and I loved it!  I didn't believe that any of it would be true, so I did not start to not trust parents anymore, as another reviewer  assumed a sixth grader would.  Really...sixth graders are smarter than  that!  It is kind of sad, but it was great!  It was a tad bit confusing,  but as a whole, I loved it, and so did all of my friends!  I think it  should be read the summer before sixth grade or later."
Excellent book! Well written and thought-provoking. I have already recommended it to others.
"Loved this book.  I recommended it for book club and all liked it.Saw the movie also,."
An excellent look at how morals and values change depending upon the society dictating them.
Excellent book.  My daughter read it at school and we all read as she kept talking about it.
This was an amazing book ! I couldn't put it down. I can't wait to get the 2nd book to enjoy
"Couldn't put it down!  Ends abruptly, but once you read the rest of the series, you see why!"
"Compelling , facinating, and frightening.  Very thought provoking.  Very well worth reading!"
What a novel idea for an author to devise. I' m hooked and ready for the rest of the series.
"Heard about this book and it was nothing I expected it to be, overall pretty good and short."
So far I love the book! I can't wait to finish it. Lois Lowry is one of my favorite authors.
At first I was little bored just by the cover but when I started to read it I couldn't stop.
I feel this book is great for older people. I really like this book.  It pulls you in to it.
"This is the best book ever! My English teacher was doing a sci-fi unit and to finish it up, we read The Giver. At first I was like ugh! I hate science fiction books, but then one day I had to stay home from school because I felt aweful. We were reading chapter 3 in class that day, so I decided it would be a good idea to read it. But after chapter 3, I went on to chapter 4, then 5, and then I couldn't stop. I read the whole book in 2 hours. If I were you, I would buy this book asap!"
Amazing book for a 4 th grader to an adult.  It always makes me think every time I read it.
I liked everything it was the best book ever I really really liked It it was so so so good.
"Great concept, fabulous execution, wonderful conversation-starters for students throughout."
it kept my interest to want to read it more.I don't like the ending very well but it's okay
I LOVED THIS BOOK!!!! One of the best books I have ever read. I can't wait to see the movie
One of the best books that I have read .. And the book cover was really nice and beautiful.
Very strange. .amazing how people will follow like robots...maybe robot would be smarter!!!
Love this book. This was the first book that really got me into reading. Thanks Lois Lowry!
Loved this book...it would have had 5 stars BUT...the ending was cut a little short for me!
"Great dystopian novel - if you enjoyed hunger games or divergent, this is the book for you."
The Author truly knows how to touch the Soul and plumb its depths in this book.  Excellent.
"excellent book I should have read this ages ago, it was a quick read and worth every minute"
I can't believe I had not read this sooner. I am so glad that she turned it into a trilogy.
Wonderful Condition!  My daughter can't wait to begin reading this book for summer reading.
"At first I was a bit confused, but it got more and more clear as it went along. Great book!"
Such a great book about a dark utopia. I read it in high school so it was great to revisit.
Not my kind of reading. The title is what got me to reading it. Just not my kind of reading
"Imagine a world where there is no color and all your choices are made for you.  Jonas lives in such a world.  At the significant age of 12, Jonas' life is decided for him.  He is to be the Giver.  He will live apart from his family, with only the guidance of the Old Giver to help him.  Nothing in his childhood has prepared him for the things he is about to experience.  You will cry in pain with him; you will leap in ecstasy with him.This book is a can't-put-it-down thrill ride!"
"My english class was asked...asked? No, not asked. We were forced to read this book for our English class. Being an avid reader, I read it way before my other classmates. When they finally got started reading this book, I had just finished reading it...for the third time. Indeed, I adored this novel. Lowry writes with such.... oh, I can't discribe it. Everything in this book is so well described that we can picture the setting in our head. Read this book. You won't regret it."
I just started to read it. It's on my Book Club reading list. So far I think I'll like it.
What's there to say?  Classic book by terrific author.  Amazon is my go to site for books.
This is the first time I thought the movie was better. Didn't like the ending of the book.
Reminded me of The Hunger Games & Divergent. Well written. Hope the second one is as good.
I loved this book and did not want it to end! I am going to have to read the whole series.
The Giver is a masterpiece that keeps on giving direction to young adults year after year.
This is one of my favorite books and has been ever since I first read it in the 6th grade.
Ight uptight hatchery vytguyvyyc. High you t y y y f d printing circuit th th u r Yvette f
All four books are good.  The final is better than the final book of the Divergent series.
A very enjoyable book. It was very easyto read and the storyline kept me interested.
OK - but I need to go straight through all 4 books. The first one seems like a prologue...
"Very well written, with an intriguing plot.  Hard to put down.  Certainly has me thinking."
This book was amazing it keep me on the eage of my seat the whole  time. Get the book now.
"Very good book, awsome plot, good expression of feeling. VERY good book, recomend reading."
"If you want to read a good book that is a little hard to understand, you've found the one."
"I loved The Giver! I recommended it to all my friends! If you like to read, try this book."
The Giver is a wonderful book.  It is a coming of age book but this coming of age is in the future.  It can get us to look at our own choices for our careers and family.  I participated in an on-line book study at the Work and Worship Institute were we discussed those topics in relation to this book.  My mother was a bookkeeper so I went into accounting.  Maybe this world of the future in The Giver is not far from our own world.  A good book to discuss with your teenagers.
Great book!
The book was a little boring in the beginning.  But it got alot better by the 4th chapter
This is a great read for all ages! I would suggest it if you like post appocypse stories.
A thought filled and relational book.  Ambiguous ending with a puzzling objective though.
One of the most thought provoking books I've ever read. Almost wish I had it in hard back
"Excellent, thought provoking story. My ten year old and I each read it and both loved it."
"Great story,  I would recommended it to everyone, including middle school and up readers."
"Well written, thought provoking book.  Makes one appreciate how much we take for granted."
Loved this book as a kid and loved it again as an adult. I'm so excited to see the movie.
"It was absolutely fantastic amazing and fabulous. How ever it was very short, I loved it."
Read it as a teen but now read it again for the full series.  As good now as it was then.
Very we'll written. I read this as a child and now as an adult I enjoyed it even more so.
My teacher made my class read this book. I was a hater but now I am a lover to this book.
"Not a book for a young child.  It was a page turner, just to see what the world was like."
A strange journey through time? Really can't say I liked or disliked this book. Strange.
A Book Needed For English 201. Easy And Interesting Read! Came In A Good Amount Of Time.
My daughter liked but didn't love this book. She wishes it would have ended differently.
It was ok. It wasn't interesting enough for me to purchase the other books in the series
I don't know how they will make a move out of this book.  Story was scary but well done.
Tis is a great book that I enjoyed as a teenager and was able to enjoy again as an adult
"Book leaves you with no closure... which would have been fine if the last chapter didn't feel like a complete hack.  Simplistic style of writing, with little to no imagination used to create this ""utopia"", but a compelling story that had me gripped up until the very last chapter...  I real let down."
HAD TO READ THIS AS I KID AND LOVED IT THOUGHT I WOULD READ IT AGIEN IT WAS STILL GOOD.
Interesting read.  I am looking forward to reading the rest of the books in the series!
Loved it when I read it with my students & really enjoyed it as I leisurely retread it!
Very good book--I really enjoyed the read and am excited to read the rest of the books.
This book will bring tears to your eyes and it is grate to use on a book report so good
"I am an adult, in love with YA fiction. This one is better for the Y perhaps not the A."
I loved the book. I wish the other books were linked together with the same characters.
"Wonderful tale, but the ending was disappointing. I guess that's why there are sequels."
Wanted to read before I saw the movie.  Great for discussion as a part of a book club.
Very interesting book. Like the writers style now reading another book by this author.
"Still one of my favorite books of all time. Worth a read, and a reread every few years"
"A super quick read. Not a ton of content, but good. Will read the rest of the quartet."
interesting thread if society went a different direction.A a a a a a a a a a a a
It was a good book that kept u on the edge of your seat the whole way through the book
I enjoyed the book tremendously.  I can see how it easily opens itself up to a sequel.
"Great copy of the book, good for anyone looking for a nostalgia trip or what have you."
"I didn't like the ending, but overall, an excellent book about society and  tradition."
this book was allright.  but i didn't understand like why did the world change frokm regular to utopia and what went a way first like color or feelings.  also what happend to Jonas and Gaberal.  did they die or did they.  the best person in the book was the old man beacuse he was the only one knew what was going on the world and no one else knew.  i woould reccomend this book to any one who lilke sci fiction.  it is a great book to read on your own.
"This is one of my favorite books! I think that it really does open up your mind and make you think about how lucky we are even thought Jonus and his family live in a so called ""perfect world."" I don't think that this book is inappropriate at all. Usually I don't like sci-fi books but this is one of my favorite books! Don't listen to the people that said it was bad because there are way more people that loved this book. Take my advice and read it!!!"
"Probably one of my favorite books. It doesn't even need a sequel, its just beautiful."
"One of my all time favorite stories! This is a great story, one that is worth a read."
I have read this book numerous times over the last few years. I just enjoy the story.
I liked the book until I got to the end.  Just did not care for the ambiguous ending.
This book was a favorite of mine as a kid and I'm glad to have reread it as an adult!
My son said he enjoyed the book he had to read it for school.  He rated the book a 5.
WYou did a great job on the book and you putallot of detail into the book.  END
It was an interesting book. Makes you think of how fortunate we are without knowing.
Great book that we bought for my daughter. She loves reading so it was good for her.
I give this 5 stars cause it's good  oh us oh Yahoo oh Yahoo oh Yahoo oh Yahoo oh oh
This was an OK book.  Looking forward to the next one to develop the storyline more.
This was a very quick and thoughtful read that's good for a lazy weekend of reading.
The book is an excellent story and I am waiting to view the movie made of the story.
This is a phenomenal book. I have always loved it since first reading it as a child.
I had to get this book for class and it is a great book! Plus it's at a great price.
It's a wonderful book that leaves the reader wondering what will the future be like.
Awesome book couldn't wait to read the rest... Very different but amazing quartet!!
Excellent book.  I will be using this book for my homeschoolers 10th grade English.
I was hanging on for something that never came. I believe this story is over hyped.
Haven't read a book I enjoyed that much in a while. Can't wait to read the second part.
Great. Quick read... Definitely a book everyone should read in thier life at least once
"I have always loved this book since i was a child, and i still love it many years later"
I love it except I wish I knew what happened to gabriel an Jonas at the end of the book
Good it was very very good but I didn't really like it but I liked the story very a lot
A masterpiece that I discovered twenty years late....everyone needs to read this book!
"Aaaah, the great imagination and  tried and true values.  Science fiction at its best."
it was a good book to read and I can't wait to read the rest of the giver series soon.
I was intrigued by the book but disappointed in the ending. I wanted a happier ending.
"Well written, good plot and characters plus a message about the importance of memories"
Read it with my almost twelve year led daughter!  Lots of great topics to discuss.
Usually the book is better then the movie but I didn't feel that way in this case.
Great book I read this as a child and now I read it to my kids they love it me too
"A book well worth the read.  Actually, they do read it in High School in Colorado."
An interesting book and recently it was turned into a movie. I really got into it.
Great story. Hated the ending and didn't like how it fast forwarded to the ending.
"Fantastic book with important message.  Also read ""1984"" by George Orwell."
Me and my mom read it and we loved it. It is in the top ten books I have ever read
Loved it..
"This book is very well written, it it just soo interesting! When I read this book I refused to put it down because I never wanted to! It never got boring at any one point,and the end was sooooo nice! When I was done reading it I was actually sad because I wanted to keep reading! This book is totally five stars!!!!!!!!!! Lois Lowry has the most creative ideas,and is my favorite author!!!!!"
"Excellent, and scary, read.  Looking forward to reading the rest of the trilogy."
I enjoyed the book better than the movie. Awesome book. Excellent read for kids.
"Very suspenseful!!  Don't usually read futuristic books, but this was very good."
this book is a story of a comunity of people making the decision to have a seemingly utopia.  where there is no pain no gain and no decisions ever.  i could'nt help but think this must be what obama's administration would like have in america.  with income equal total dependence on your governing people.  it is something to think about but i did'nt realy care for the book even though it is well writen for a fantasy.
"Very disappointed with the condition of this book.  I chose this one because it said GOOD condition.  I wanted it for my son to follow along with in school and make his own notes.  The cover was beat up, the pages were ragged and just about every page had notes and marks on it.  The seller contacted me via email and discussed a possible return or replacement, and I never heard from them again.  Very disappointed."
"I was very disappointed at how shallow the book is in regard to virtually every aspect...character development, development of the general theme of the book, development of the sense of the community, etc. I suppose that I expected something along the lines of the ""Divergent"" series. This book is absolutely nothing like that series. I would not recommend this book to anyone unless you have time to waste."
"I bought the book so that I could read it  before seeing the movie. It's boring and the ending was aweful. After reading over 150 pages (3/4 of the book), I was still waiting for it to get interesting. I got to the last page and thought, that's It?, what happened?, where's the ending? Is it a trilogy? No.  That's $6 and 2-1/2 hours of my life that I'm never going to get back. I'm not even going to see the movie."
"IN Lois Lowry's The Giver, the reader follows Jonas as he confronts the realities of the highly controlled community he lives in.  He discovers that the lack of illness and war in his community comes with a high p[ricetag of personal freedoms.I greatly enjoyed The Giver because it gave me a glimpse at the negative side of a scoiety in which others make all decisions for you.  I recommend this book!"
When I started this book I couldn't put it down but the ending left me hanging.
It was a very interesting book. Iliked when  Asher got smack and snack mixed up
Great story! Makes you think differently and appreciate things we take for granted.
It was such a good book and it was so sad at the end but overall it was a good bool
"The Giver is a thought provoking book, but not spell-binding.  It was a quick read."
Great Classic Book! A must for young reader and great to revisit as they get older!
Interesting book.  Kept my interest but didn't like ending.  I was waiting for more
"I know this is technically YA fiction, but as an adult I really enjoyed reading it."
Great book. Has an interesting plot. Would recommend to any science fiction lovers.
"Well told story, and the reader was good.  Very thought provoking and entertaining."
6th grader begged me to read this!  So I'll let you know but she says it gets an A
No cartwheels. Pretty unbelievable story line that was not not at all captivating.
Great story. My daughter read it for her summer reading list and loved the book
Brilliant read!! Couldn't put it down... Just wished it didn't end so abruptly!
I am confused on the ending. An English teacher would probably love the ending.
Wonderful set of books.  I highly recommend them.  Can't wait to see the movie.
Found it to be a good Science fiction read.  Hopefully this will never be true.
Excellent! A great read.... Hangs you to the next thing that's going to happen!
This series was a very good read. I plan t to assign It to my senior this year.
"Good book, but left things hanging.  Make sure to read the rest of the series."
This is the Last book of the trilogy. Really wraps up the story. Good reading.
Order and chaosWrapped up in a short novelDogs would love it there
"The Giver is a dystopian world where Sameness reigns. It is a disturbing look at a bleak future which includes euthanasia of those no longer deemed productive. It includes a description of the death of an infant which is realistically depicted. While the story is concise, clearly written and has won awards, I feel that the story has been told before in other books that were better written and not targeting twelve year olds.  Of the twelve year old that I know, I can't say that this is a book that I would recommend due to the content."
"Maybe it's just me. Because some people loved this book. I missed the Christ allegory, apparently, and I guess I was wrong about the point of the  story. I wanted to know more about how the communities worked; I was  properly spooked by the assignment of jobs to twelve-year-olds with the  line, ""Thank you for your childhood,"" but I wanted to know what  happened later on. The story seemed to end without ending, and the big  secret revelation was obvious to me from the start. Unpleasant, to be sure,  but hardly surprising."
This book blew my mind! Awesome food for thought. I discussed this with my teenage sons extensively.
It was amazing and intriguing and gave me a sense of passion to care for Gabe and Jonas. Great book.
My favorite book as a child and I still love it as an adult. Can't wait to read it with my daughter.
Read it in 2 days! Was great love books like this any recommendations if so please say so thank you!
Good reading...ending was not what I expected. I will have to get the next book to find out happens.
This book was just astonashing.I loved it so much.Once I started to read it I could not put it down!
I am so thankful that Lois Lowry created this book! I rate it 5 stars even though I HATE the ending!
My favorite book growing up and still enjoy it! Have not seen the movie yet but will get to it soon.
"Read it before seeing the movie.  Loved the movie, but loved the book more!"
"Thoroughly enjoyed this thought provoking exploration of ""reality""."
I thoroughly enjoyed this book and didnt want the story to end. Well done!
"The majority of the book is enthralling.  However, the ending seems abrupt."
"Still it remains in my memories! I like the depth and the details, however there is really only one word I can use to describe the story, different! It's a great book because it allows you to think on your own and lets you have your own opinions while the author has hers; it's not just there for pure entertainment. This book was an easy read yet it taught me some significance to life."
I think everyone should read this book. It had really good idea's about the perfect world. Jonas a boy who is about to turn 12 and going to find out about what his assigned job is going to be. he receives the most  important job of all...the receiver of memory. He has to feel pain never  felt before and see color in the world of black and white. I think this  book was well written.
Very thought provoking and most unusual theme. I liked it but wanted more!
Bought this little book as a gift for a friend's son. He loved reading it.
"Makes you think.  Radiates with you, long after you've completed the book."
"This book was a great read, although I was looking for a different ending."
It is so goodSo good love it so goodLove it so a good book love it so much
Thiught orovojing story of how life could be without choice and yhat finally coice is tajen anyway
This was an interesting reflection of society and where we might be headed and we should be aware.
Cubby hung fight hbcfbb. BjAndnf and ban cannddnns chance. And a can d and ANC and and and and and
They refuse to allow me to move forward unless I share so I am sharing that I don't want to share.
Not my normal reading material but it kept my interest to the end!! Can't wait to see the movie!!!
I love the book great for middle schoolers. It shows a new way of thought about live as we know it
"An Excellent read!  Not only for young adults, but for older adults, too.  Very thought provoking!"
I enjoyed the book. But the ending was not written as I like. Not that it was bad. Just different.
"What can I say that won't ruin it even a bit? Nothing really. Just buy it, read it and enjoy -C.C."
Excellent
I highly recommend reading this book. Gives a person lots to think about.
Loved it. What a cliffhanger at the end! Leaves you wantin more of Jonas.
Classic novel.  A great read and an exciting story line.  Worth the read.
Excellent book.  Makes you appreciate the diversity of life that we have.
"Started out well and interesting, but was a little far fetched at the end"
This is a great book series.  I would recommend it to family and friends.
Well written and great read for young adults.  NOT the same as the movie.
I love the movie and the book is awesome so overall you should read this.
The concept of the book was interesting but the ending was disappointing.
"I have always loved this book, and it is still just as impactful as the first time I read it."
It was an amazing story... but now I feel so lost without knowing if he made it to Elsewhere.
Reread this as an adult before the movie came out. Both the book and the movie are fantastic!
I LOVE this book.  This is one of those books that will stay with you for a long while after.
I loved this book it was amazing I read it in a day it was soooooooo good! XD read this book!
"Awesome book.  Son read it in highschool, so i read it.  Loved it. Not sure ill see the movie"
"I wanted to read this book, and now I have. I made a prediction while reading and I was right"
This was a great story! A total surprise in the story that I did not see coming. A must read!
"This book was ok. Boring a lot of the time though. A little wacky of a plot , too. Two stars."
My brother had to read it for school who I figured I would read it as well.  Good story line.
Wasn't that convinced by the whole story. Left too many unanswered questions.
Great classic book to read. Gives you lots of what if's to think about also.
Read it along with my son for summer reading. It held both of our interests.
Well written story about the opposite of diversity and the chaos of freedom.
A wonderful classic! Everybody every age can get something positive from it.
Great book with compelling and engaging dialog and scenarios. A must read!!!
"Easy read. Made into a movie now. Book, as always, is better than the movie."
Strange. Slightly political. Symbolic of many things in life. Worth reading.
Disappointing considering all the hype for the movie. How about an ending!!'
Fascinating concept. The book has good flow to it and was an enjoyable read.
"The book The Giver is an awesome book and should be read by all. There are many twist in this book, and is sometimes hard to understand. But it is a very well written book and very interesting. You will not regret buying and reading this book I have already read the book three time since i have received the book in the mail. It is a really good even great book."
the giver is a good book because their is no war and everybodygrts treated the same. It is a perfect comunty their is no pain. Youwill find no animals in this perfect comunty. Parents don't have names they just call them mom and dad you have to applie for a marage and you can only have two children one male and one female. At 12 you go to training for your job.
One of the most amazing children's novels ever written. A true classic
"Enjoyed it, but questions weren't answered and the ending was unclear."
It was interesting although a little vague.  The ending left me empty!
"Somewhat disappointing ending, but a good story that was well written."
Ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok no I g j u
required summer reading book for my 7th grader. She really enjoyed it!
not a single crease in the pages or scratch on the cover. Good job. :)
A great story about an alternate world and way of living. Quick read.
"This book is a fantastic read for both children and adults. I would recommend it for 12 and up, depending on your child's reading comfort level. The story is engaging and engrossing. It is not a terribly challenging read, and can be finished in less than one day. The moral of the story is great, and the ending leaves room for the imagination to take over. Highly recommended!"
"Even though this book is considered a novel for younger adults, I think that it is great for any age. Very thought-provoking and inspiring, this book reminds us of the importance of being an individual and standing up for your beliefs. It's also gives a different perspective and appreciation for the simple things in life that you don't think about. I DEFINITELY recommend it!"
Quite thought provoking and really makes you reassess our way of living.
My wife's book club studied this book and they all found it to be great.
I had a nice time reading this book. Something to think about afterwards
This was a book we read for my church book club. Very thought provoking.
I enjoyed the book.  The book made me think and want to read the others.
Very interesting.  Gives you a lot to think about.  I really enjoyed it.
Love the cd. Can't wait to see the movie now that I have heard the book.
"I read this book along with my 8 year old son.  After spending the summer reading the 5th Harry Potter book, this little 180 page book gave us something more meaningful to reflect upon --i.e. how memories affect our lives.  My son cried in the end, but overall, he loved it.  He wanted the book to continue or to have a sequel.  We also loved the author's Number the Stars."
"It's a good book, but I need to finish the series to see how it ends."
Fantastic read. I think I finished it in two days. The movie sucks!!!
"Amazing book read it in middle school, high school and for enjoyment."
Excellent book.  Quick read and stays with you long after you finish.
Once you get into this book it is almost impossible to stop reading!!
The book is as describe. 4 star because the shipping takes too long.
This was a good book. I even bought the movie. I would recommend it.
I I I I I I I I I I I I u u u I liked itA lot more than a rock
I ehjoyed the book but I did not like the ending.  h h h h h h h h h
i didn't care for that kind of story but i finished it and it was OK
It was a great book I loved it and good for ages 11 and up.Very interesting and a good story.
"I found the story interesting, couldn't put it down now I can't wait to read the other books."
"Son needed to read for his 4th grade book club, so I read it along with him.  Loved the book!"
Incredible book. And I love the way Lois Lowry writes. I can't wait to finish all four books!
"great book to read, love Lowry's writing style, made me get the other 3 books of the quartet."
It came quickly and it helped me help a student who was studying this at the time! Thank-you!
"Pretty Easy to  read, can't wait to see the movie and see how well it compares to the novel ."
"I really enjoyed this book, just couldn't put it down towards the end. Very though provoking!"
Its a fast and interesting read...it will make you think --- wish it was longer to be honest.
"Daughter loves this book. Must read for any kid between 10-13.  Great price, fast shipment!!!"
I loved it after I realized it was 1 of 4. I loved the whole series!
Interesting book. I read it to my students and they really liked it.
Good book....quick read...leaves much to the imagination at the end.
"Interesting idea for sure, however a great writer keeps you engaged."
my grandson recommended this book it was read by his 6th grade class
This book is very good helps us appreciate the little things we have
Thoughtful speculative fiction: what does it mean to truly be alive.
"Every once in a while, a book comes along that changes the way we look at ourselves and at the world in which we live.  The Giver is one of those books.  The writing style is deceptively simple; the prose conveys controversial and explosive ideas and issues with incredible clarity.  This is truly an incredible book...  for readers of all ages."
"First, the baby is described squirming in its soft blanket.  It is made clear that the child is healthy.  Then, the blanket is removed and the father opens the cupboard and removes the bottle and syringe.  He very carefully puts the syringe in the bottle and begins to fill it.  The book describes the newborns fragile skin and the pulsing vein in his forehead.  It describes the puncturing of the babys head and his faint wail.  It describes the fathers special voice acknowledging that the baby is being hurt and the teeny-weeny veins in the babys arms.  It describes the slow descent of the plunger injecting the liquid into the scalp vein until the syringe was empty.  Again, the fathers cheerful voice as he tells the dying infant it wasnt so bad.  It tells us that the newborns cries have stopped but that the babys arms and legs are now jerking.  It describes how the baby goes limp, how his head fell to the side, his eyes half open and then he was still.The description goes on and on  next describing clean up, picking up a small carton from the floor and placing it on a bed, placing the dead babys limp body inside, placing the lid on the carton tightly, picking it up and carrying it across the room, opening a door in the wall, and loading the carton containing the body into the [trash] chute and [giving] it a shove.  The description is actually even more drawn out as it includes Jonass reactions.This chapter nauseated me.  I have found that the imagery remains with me.  In my opinion, the scope of the violence in this chapter is completely unnecessary and seems extremely inappropriate for a middle schooler.  If children are not horrified and sickened, I would actually be even more concerned about the level of desensitization to violence this would seem to indicate."
I finished the book very quickly! It has that grab for the readers.
They never explain why the society became so sheltered (dystopian).
Nice quick read. After reading I was ready to read the second book.
"one of the best young adult books ever. A thoughtful, serious story"
"Interesting book, but seemed to be too short and light on the plot."
A most interesting reflection of sameness and a spiritless society.
Strange events in this book but thought provoking and well written.
You are going to have to read all four books to complete the story.
Very thought provoking.  Will be sending it to my 14 yr old nephew.
"This novel opens with a jet zooming by overhead and scaring everyone.  The author explains that they are scared because they are only used to airplanes, not jets, even though they've got both.  Happily, the pilot is Released for scaring people (no explanation of what that means), and now that we have had our scary opening, we carry on, a little bemused by these panic-stricken futuristic types.Later--much later--we learn that ""Released"" is the author's code word for killed.  The author likes to capitalize various words so that we will appreciate her work as deeply philosophical: Giver, Receiver, Stirrings, Elders, and so on.  People who don't do their jobs right are Released, but this is not scary because they haven't been told what it means (the author also likes Big Secrets).Children entering adolescence experience Stirrings (sexual feelings) and are chemically castrated to keep them docile, except that somehow or other low-functioning females get pregnant and bear children who are cared for by low-functioning nurses and passed out to various families to raise.  No explanation of why pregnancy and nursing are reserved to the low-functioning--this is another Big Secret.The main character, Jonas, has been assigned a high-functioning female administrator about whom we learn little, and a low-functioning male nurse with a high-pitched voice who just adores babies.  He calls them ""mother"" and ""father""--the writer's code words for unrelated asexual adults who raise their assigned young according to the directives of the Elders.  Socialization is handled with an extensive use of Big Secrets and oral taboos to keep the children from learning unacceptable behavior, and an equally extensive use of forced apology to control verbal hostility.Some Elders show up mid-book to assign twelve-year-old children their work roles in a rather pompous ceremony, at the end of which Jonas learns he has a unique role--a Receiver--and is told to report to another singular individual, the Giver, an old man whom he will eventually replace.  In contrast to all others, the Giver has memories that give him access to The Truth--a complete account of history, including war, murder, disease, and catastrophe, that has been kept a Big Secret--and by cleverly placing his hands on Jonas' back he transmits these memories one by one.How are these memories transmitted--particularly through the back, which has relatively little innervation--and how long will it take to transmit human history to Jonas one memory at a time?  Another Big Secret. The important consideration is that the Giver is in constant psychic agony because these memories are ever so hurtful, and likewise Jonas begins to experience dreadful torment--a sacrifice they both must make to keep The Truth from afflicting the rest of their society with similar boojums.People, this is major, major woohoo, and we should read it without reflecting that we callous types seem to be able to bear The Truth without flinching.  But interestingly, the Elders seem to be able to hear it from the Giver in dribs and drabs, and consider it essential to the management of their society.  And still more interestingly, nurses--in particular Jonas' father--seem to have no trouble acting out The Truth by giving lethal injections to newborns, complete with tender endearments and cooing intonations.  Apparently The Truth hurts, except when it doesn't.Given this theme that is no longer a theme, what is the point of this book?  It comes when Jonas is trapped in a blizzard while trying to rescue a baby from the clutches of Demon Daddy-o.  This is the climax, this is the denouement--and nothing happens at all.  The book ends with Jonas and the baby in the blizzard, and another Big Secret, which the author uses to sell a sequel.Selling a sequel--that is the point of modern young adult literature."
"Hello.  For those of you out there who haven't read The Giver, run out and buy it.  Lois Lowery has strayed from her usual course of writing books for teenage girls, The Anastasia Series is a flicker in the past compared to The Giver.  This book tackles a subject that most of us have never consider or read about before, a utopian society or ""sameness"".  The Giver  is about Jonas, one of the few ""different"" people in his  community.  In the book a special day is designated for all of the children  in the community to have a sort of birthday party.  Children who become a  Nine will receive a bicycle and Twelve children, like Jonas, will have a  job chosen for them.  Jonas has been selected as a receiver, a very special  assignment in the community.  On his first day of training, Jonas receives  something from The Giver that few in the society have ever gotten.  A  memory of a sled ride.  At the end of every training session Jonas receives  a happy memory, a rainbow, Christmas or a birthday, in addition to all the  painful memories he may receive during training, like war, or a broken  bone.  Jonas and The Giver have been talking about how the conversion to  sameness doesn't seem right anymore.  They began to plot and this is where  the story really begins.  In my opinion this book is undoubtedly a good  read, but is wanting in the adventure department.  I love the new concept  of ""sameness"", but it reminds me somewhat of Communism, everyone  supposedly being of equal respect and opportunity.  Although in reality no  one can ever be the same.  I enjoyed reading about Jonas and discovering  what life in his community is like, but the book lacked something.  Not  until Jonas's escape did I get really into the book and even that wasn't  too exciting.  I enjoyed it, but definitely thought it could have been  better.  I hope that other people can get more out of it."
"Good condition,  good read. Would recommend this seller and book."
"Well written, thought provoking book.  Not just a book for teens."
"I thought it was a good book, although I did not love the ending."
A great book but had a lacking ending. I would give it 3.5 stars.
"The Giver is a book that makes you think.  The main character is a boy who lives in a closed community and he is about to have a very different life.  The book is very powerful, but keeps a good story line, unlike some other philosophical books.  I enjoyed the book so much.  It makes you appreciate  everything you have in life."
I receive this book long time ago it was awesome would buy again
I ordered several copies for different people and they liked it.
"I enjoyed most of the book, but thought the ending was very odd."
Perfect read for every person of faith. It brings the Word home.
great book and a classic. Read in school but wantedt to re-read!
"An interesting read,but the story was a little disturbing to me."
Such a classic. Yet such a popular genre with more recent books!
Everything was great. I got the book much faster than I thought.
Amazing book. A was left wanting a little more of a tidy ending.
A great book that really makes you wonder what our future holds.
"The story fell short at the end,  too many unanswered questions."
"Best Book, in great condition!! Worth your money. And then some."
This book was wonderful and really makes you think.  Great read!
"interesting plot, great book for teenagers along 1884 by Orwell."
"I downloaded and read this because it was listed as a must read for this year. There were sixteen books on the list and I was disappointed in the content. It left me somewhat sad and depressed. I did not care for it but on the by right side, it was a short book so not much time ""wasted"" for me. Would not recommend."
I can't believe I waited so long to read this. One of the best!
Loved this book! It was absolutely different from this society!
This is a fantastic book - my favorite. I gave them to friends.
"Good story, sometimes a little tedious with unnecessary details"
It may be a childrens book but it kept my attention. Good read.
Very well written. Just wish the ending had been more complete.
"I thought the book was a little strange, but thought provoking."
"Great book - and yes, the book is ALWAYS better than the movie!"
A very absorbing book.  I plan to read the others in the series
The concept of the book is extraordinary and very well written.
I can't believe I missed this one when I was a kid. Fabulous.
Good read! Interesting futuristic story-recommend reading it.
I read this book in the 6th grade and it was an amazing story
Overall the book read smoothly but not happy with the ending.
Excellent book.  I can't wait to read the rest of the series.
Read this book with my older grandchildren...we all loved it.
Great story.  Only one let down.  Not saying no spoiler here.
Great book for all ages.  Well written and thought provoking.
"This is a must-read. Geared towards the YA audience, it is a well-written, quick-paced read that explores a number of important themes. It is a page-turner. Because it is such a short book, I finished it in an hour on a flight. Not to give any spoilers, but I ended up crying for the remainder of the flight."
"I assume this book was meant to be some kind of allegory, but I have no idea what the author was trying to say.  The story has no actual end it just stops. The author says in her remarks  that the meaning of the ending is different for everyone. What blather. What laziness. She could have just published blank pages and let us make up the whole thing. I guess the Newberry award is to distinguish books that are exceptionally weird and meaningless. Thanks for wasting two hours of my life. I only gave it one star because you have to give at least one to leave a review. It deserves zero."
"I liked it, but my granddaughter didn't, but she is only 12."
It was an okay book.  Easy read for a long train/plane ride.
Compelling story.  I wanted more.  The ending was ambiguous.
A good look at life as we know it and a philosophy of change
This book was recommended by a co-worker. I loved the story.
The ending sucked. It's like the author got tired of writing
"Great book. It was different, but it was really interesting."
The movie was nothing like the book. The book was way better
Loved this book as a kid. Just as good the 3rd time through.
"Love this book, and also recommend the others in the series."
"Great story, it just needed one more chapter to complete it."
"The cover always kept me from reading this book. But my 7th grader came home with it, so I read it. I really enjoyed it!A friend tells me there are additional books in a series - need to check these out...It was a fast read, so it won't take too much of your time, either.  ENJOY!"
What a surprising book.  From the name alone you can never guess what this book is going to be about.  There are so many twists and turns throughout that it is such a quick read and keeps the reader on the edge of the seat.  I would recommend this book to anyone of all ages and reading levels.
This book was one of the best books I have ever read. I can really say that this book changed my way of thinking. The people I know who did not enjoy this book were people who do not enjoy thinking. I would suggest this book to everyone 12 and up it may not be the best to be read by young children.
This book is very interesting...it puts a twist on reality.
Highly recommended.  My grandson told me to read this book.
"Got this for the Wife's book club.  Happy woman, happy man!"
This was a good but sad book. I used it to tutor a student.
Very thought provoking book. Gives one much to think about.
"chilling, but hopeful.  YA but very appropriate for adults."
"this book is long if you read it by yourself, but I hade a tape so if you want to read it fast you should get the tape. I think that you should read it yourself then you understand it better.  I think that you should read this book because it has a very good story line. Also it can make you think of things you wouldin't think of."
"...so highly rated?It is an early YA dystopian novel that has a very thin plot and an unsurprising revelation. I thought there would be some great payoff or deep emotional connection created by the book, but the characters seem two dimensional and the plot quite predictable. It's easy to read but for all the wrong reasons."
"I loved the story very much, but feel that the ending was rushed."
I didn't like this one much. Didn't live up to the hype about it.
I thought it was an interesting book of a very different society.
"Interesting, but I like more of an ending. That's just me though!"
Wanted to get ahead of the movie.  I read all four books.  Great.
This was a gift and the recipient loved it. Therefore five stars.
It is great at getting across that what one likes others may not!
This was OK. I was curious about it. My be good for young adults.
Amazing! Thought provoking. Not your usual dystopian novel.
Left me feeling rather sad. Need to move on to second book.
It was a whole lot more impactful the first time I read it.
Most interesting in light of current events. Very readable.
Way too short. Needs to be a novel. Instead of a novelette.
"not great but a very good tale, especially for young adults"
A profound book to enjoy and share with future generations!
This book is a stunning glimpse of the beauty in diversity.
Good read.  I am ready for the movie to come out this year.
Excellent book. Quick read with a very interesting concept.
This was a truly great book but I didn't like it because of the story. The most powerful book I've ever read.  This book makes you think and wonder about your life and pain and also about your happy feelings and the question rises what is worth what. Everyone should read this powerful book.
Dissapointment.  No conclusion for any of the characters.
Items purchased were exactly as described! Great Seller!!
I thought it was depressing and an unsatisfactory ending.
Love this book.  Gave it to 2 different people this year.
11 yr old g.daughter requested this book for Christmas...
Felt like there should have been.........more at the end.
"Great book for any age. Fast easy read, I wanted more.  ."
Very easy read and makes you think after you put it down.
I like this book... and  all of ideas are exciting to me.
"Excellent read, the story takes over your mind. It was hard to put the book down!"
This distopic world recreated in this picture makes us think about our own world.
Wonderful chance to experience how blessed we are to enjoy the freedom of choice.
"if you like 1984, the movie the prisioner you will adore this.  Read it in a day."
Egh....Wife liked it back in the day.  It truly is written for Jr High schoolers.
This book was so good.  I just couldn't put my kindle down I had to keep reading.
"Loved this book, it was everything I remembered having read it so many years ago."
"This book is amazing. The main character, Jonas is faced with some very important decisions to make. His experience mirrors that which many young people go through. Though his experience and world is fictional, he has to make very real decisions based on exposure to the truths and harsh realities that life can bring.For Lowry's treatment of that issue alone, I think that ""The Giver"" is worth picking up for ANYone!!!"
"The book was alright. I am not going to say really anything bad because I have never wrote a book myself. The book was kind of confusing but not much. The meaning of the book was ok. It was kind of wierd how every one there was the same. The people there did no wrong and if they did they would be hit with some kind of stick. So the book was alright there was nothing wrong with it. So ""The Giver"" is a good book to me."
Bought this book for my son for his summer reading program. He seems to like it.
Was recommended by my daughter and will try to read the series.
Excellent short novel. A quick read and very thought provoking.
I absolutely love this book! The movie is pretty good as well!
As described. The delivery was slower than I would have liked.
It was a good book.  Sad to think that it could really happen.
Bought the book used but it look new. Very happy with the book
Don't watch the movie. very different. read the book. SO good.
Great read. Makes you appreciate the differences we each have.
This was for my granddaughter school homework. She enjoyed it
"I love this book, except for the fact that there's no ending."
"The Giver, by Lois Lowery, follows the story of a boy named Jonas. Jonas lives in a place unlike any you will find today. Where he lives is a town constructed completely around the idea of similitude. Spouses, friends, children, and careers are chosen for you. Emotions and feelings are controlled by drugs and freedom is not in the vocabulary. But to Jonas and the rest of the town nothing is strange. They go on day by day the way they always have. Until it comes time for Jonas to receive a career. He is chosen to have a very mysterious job. A job few have ever even heard of, the Giver. Jonas comes to discover soon after the giver is the one who holds memories of what the outside world is like. He is taught by a wise man  , he receives wonderful memories like snow and color, but he also receives memories like pain, and heartache. But now that Jonas has been exposed to emotion will he be able to make it in a place where individuality is literally a crime?  Though this book starts out a little slow it quickly becomes a thriller. Ever page brings an unexpected story twist. Lois lowery masterfully weaves the tale of a confused city and an even more confused teenage boy. I would say this book is best for those eleven and older. This book would be great for anyone who likes mystery and thrill because this book is a mellowed combination of the two.Alyssa Pendleton"
Fantastic book loved it u should get it too great story
Required reading for 7th grader in our school district.
Nothing new...seen this type of fairy tale too often...
"I'm a little disappointed with the author. I feel like she came up with an incredible story, but just didn't take it where it needed to be taken. This story had the potential to be an amazing story about the triumphs and tragedies of human existence. It could have taken you to the graphic and horrible lows, and then right back up. But it fell flat. I understand that the book was for young adults, but I feel the memories were hurriedly described and could have been so much more poignant.One of the most poignant moments in the book is when Jonas sees his friends playing ""war"" immediately after experiencing a memory of real war and he is shocked and appalled. But even this scene doesn't make sense! They live in a community where you're not even allowed to say unkind things to people, and yet they let the children run around and pretend to shoot each other?To make matters worse, the ending made very little sense. There's a fine line between leaving it up to the reader's imagination and just not giving enough explanation, and I felt that the ending in The Giver fell on the wrong side of that line. It also seemed to have very little to do with the actual plot and moral of the story.I just feel like the author squandered the amazing gift that this story could have been. I wish she would rewrite it for adults and put a little more effort into it."
"A literature for a young adults class was collectively required to read this text.-4 students=5 stars-7 students=4 stars-2 students=3 stars-teacher=5 starsWe, as a class, agreed that the book had an ambiguous ending.11=optimistic 2=pessimistic"
"Horrible, with a capital H. LOUIS Lowry can do better."
Favorite book i was evwr forced to read in junior high
"Excellent read , keep me interested and wanting more !"
Read the book before you go see the movie that is out.
Interesting take on Utopia.... The true nature of men.
Ending was so bad that it ruined the whole experience.
Great book. It's been a favorite of mine for 20 years.
I WILL BE READING THE REST OF THIS SERIES.  GREAT BOOK
Interesting. Led me to read the others in the quartet.
"Great classic book, got it quickly and with no hassle!"
Enjoyed this book very much. Quick read and enjoyable.
The book is for my 6th grader for his class in english
Well written story but the ending was a little abrupt.
"interesting idea, a little hard as far as reality goes"
my second time reading it...just as good as the first. The movie....awesome!
This was going somewhere I didn't want to go. I will not finish the trilogy.
"When I read the book The Giver it made me think about different things. For instance, how would I feel about living in a utopia. At twelve, Jonas is assigned his career: Receiver of Memories. He is trained by an Elder called ""The Giver."" And, Jonas finds out what the world could be like. In Jonas's community your matched with the job that best fits you. this is a good book you should read it."
"This book is about a boy named Jonas who is living in a futuristic society where color and emotions are non-existent and jobs are assigned to people when they turn 12 years old. Jonas is assigned the job of ""The Receiver"". This means he holds all the memories of the past.This is by far the most amazing book I've ever read. I'd never read a book more than once before this one, and I'd also never read a book in one day before this one. I read this book two years ago when I was in the 8th grade. My friend had suggested that I read it. I had previously attempted to read this book in the 6th grade, but I just couldn't get interested in it. I was not assigned to read this book, but after trying to pressure my other friends into reading it, they explained to me that they had already tried to when they were younger. I don't believe that this book is appropriate for children under the age of 13. It's too advanced, and I don't believe that they would understand or really take in the point of the book.The best part about this book is that at the end, you get to choose what happens. It's left to the reader to decide Jonas's and Gabe's fate.I highly recommend this book! Lois Lowry is amazing, and I can't wait to check out other books she's written!"
One of those books that will be read again and again down through the ages.
"Delivered as promised, good value. This was purchased for a school library."
Great book received in excellent condition and received in expected timing.
This was my favorite book I read in school and is still a great book today.
"It is somewhat confusing but engaging and a quick read, but very short book"
Very interesting concept of creating boundaries in your mind and coming out
This book was a real thought provker. The futuristic society Lowry portrays has tons of rules and regulations that cripple the average persons imagination and lust for change.  The story is excelent and the points  brought up can really change one's preception on society.
"The idea behind The Giver is clearly a unique perspective on things. It is the type of book where, you are placed in the middle of a totally different area, and you are left to figure out how it works. Gradually, you learn more and more, and things you thought were obviously true, weren't.  However, there are some things in this book that are unacceptable. For  instance, this society is very complex, and yet, there was still only one  active plot throughout the entire book. There was not a single scene that  did not contain the main character. This book has the potential to be alot  more entertaining to read, if it were to have more subplots. Also, the book  is very simply written when it comes to the grammar and choice of  vocabulary, thus, you do not have to be ""mature"" to understand  this book at all."
Fabulous & thought provoking. Must read for everyone!
Good book. Cant wait to see how far off the movie is.
It definitely was not predictable.  I liked it a lot.
Excellent.... but I needed more than the ending gave.
A wonderful book. Thought provoking & heart touching.
great series. fast shipping from amazon = Awesome!!!!
SLOW START BUT GETS BETTER QUICKLY. THOUGHT PROVOKING
Love.love.love. read the book don't watch the movie.
I had not read this before.  Very thought provoking!
Bizarr subject. I hope the World never comes to that
"Didn't like the way it ended, it leaves you hanging."
Good story. I just wish the end was a little better.
Good read. I question if this is really a kids book.
I have read this book a few time enjoy it each time.
Really liked this book.  It makes you stop and think
Easy to read book. I compare it to the Hunger Games.
what an inspiring book.  I could hardly put it down.
Recommended by a friend and it was amazing and more.
Fascinating.  Quick read but one you could read and learn from time and again.
Very different theme and plot; well written. Look forward to seeing the movie.
"I loved The Giver, makes you look a little deeper in ourselves and our society"
"I loved this book!  Once I started reading it, I didn't stop until I was done!"
The Giver is a wonderful story about a boy named Jonas who becomes a Twelve in his community and gets assigned the job of Receiver of Memory.  The rest of the story is about his life at his new  job.  The is an  excellent story that you should really read.  I thought it was great and I  don't do much reading.  So if you like reading and you like fictional  stories than I suggest that you read this book.
The book after the first 2 chapters was pretty boring and I wanted to stop. But I kept reading and I couldn't put it down!This book had not too many exciting parts but interesting ones. Who would theink that everyone being the same would be interesting? The part that I thought the author should change is rhe unpredicable ending where it keeps you thinking that there should be more to The Giver.
There is a reason this book is a classic. Its absolutely amazing. I loved it!
"GREAT book. If the ending wasn't such a cliffhanger, I would give it 5 stars."
A classic. Read when I was younger and with the movie coming out I revisited.
"Could not get into it, finally finished and than wanted to read the next one!"
I thought this was a very good book!! I liked it very much.
Classic
an okay book that did not live up to the hype it is given.
Book arrived in new condition and we enjoyed it very much.
I couldn't stop reading this book and recommend it highly.
An important book to read during one's life!! I loved it!!
Interesting concept novel. Ending was a bit disappointing.
"Very good book, now and when I first read it 20 years ago."
"I remember reading this book in elementary school.  I also remember that I hated this book.  I could not stand it.  As I grew older, I appreciated the nuances and messages contained in this ""child"" book.  I recommend this book to any child or adult on what an ""utopian"" society could look like."
"This is a very exciting book that keeps the reader on edge throughout the entire story. It captivates the readers emotions in some of the most unimaginable ways. The Giver is a book about trust, betrayal, and everything that a human-being living in the ""real world"" has ever taken for granted."
This book is very interesting. loved it to the end.
fits well into the series they are all well written
Really made me think of the future... a great read!
Well written book with unexpected twists and turns.
Pleasure to read.  Excited to watch the movie next.
Once I started I couldn't stop reading. Great book.
I didn't quite enjoy the end - personal preference.
"It was very simply written, and not a lot happened."
"Very good book, no matter how many times I read it!"
Really liked this book - fast read even for adults.
Very different.  Good read for a younger audience.
It was good and this book is strongly recommended.
Thought provoking- I hope the movies is as good...
It was a great book and the movie was even better!
Quick read that is engaging and thought provoking.
"Interesting. Futuristic.  ""1984"" feeling."
Wonderful piece of literature and in great shape!
I enjoyed this book..so much...I am now on Book 4
Very compelling interesting book.  Worth reading.
Nice book. Could not drop it until I finished it.
"Trerifically amazing book, I highly recommend it."
Literally one of the best books i have ever read!
A quick 'must read' for all...not just pre-teens!
The Giver was a great book!  And I don't really like to read books.  But The Giver was different.  It contained tons of interesting scenes.  Therefore I recommend this book to everyone who can read.  READ  IT!!!!!!!
"I read this book when I was in middle school, and loved ever minute of it. It is a sad book, about a boy who lives in a black and white world. Of oppressed dreams and desires. Only through the eyes of an old man who knows the reality of life."
"I read this book when I was in middle school, and loved ever minute of it. It is a sad book, about a boy who lives in a black and white world. Of oppressed dreams and desires. Only through the eyes of an old man who knows the reality of life."
"This book is stupid, it's about a perfect world."
"Loved, loved, loved this book.  Series is great!"
"Excellent, this item is exactly what I expected."
Im so sorry but i just didn't enjoy this book :(
Still reading but it is a very interesting concept!
Well written but ultimately it left me unsatisfied.
First 2 books are great can't wait to read the rest
One of my favorite books as a kid and still is now.
Very good description of a very unpleasant society.
I've read it at least 5 times! It is sooooooo good!
Weird.
I loved this book so much. By far my favorite read
Well written but didn't care for the story at all.
awesome to read it while my daughter did in school
It gives you something to think about. ..what if
"Good book, easy read.  Would recommend to teens."
Awesome look of what could happen in the future.
Great book! Looking forward to reading 2nd one.
Book is appropriate for an incoming 8th grader.
Interesting story but with an unsettled ending.
a very good read.  closely followed by the film
Good book until the ending. Kind of a let down.
Good book but would have liked a better ending!
Really sets your mind to what could be someday.
Everyone over the age of 12 should read this!
"I didn't; like the book, or the way it ended,"
Awesome book.  My 10 year old and I loved it.
Very engaging.  A most read for young and old
This book was one of the best book I've read.
I enjoyed every part of it. It's worth buying
I think that this is an exallent book! The whole idea of the stoy is very good!Its about a boy that gets the job of the giver and is about his experiences as the giver. I defentlly think that you should read this book!!!
I think  this book is a intertaning book for others who are intrested in a great book.The Giver makes you think about things you haven't tought in your life. I recomend this book to people because it's a very good book.
"It was a little good at first but then it started to get boring.the conflict was lame, I could have solved it in less than an hour.I wauld recomend this book to people who like to read hoursand wont fall asleep."
very interesting  still pondering the ending
"It's awesome. Absolutely, one of my favorites."
This is on of the best books I have ever read!
It's a very intending book and intriguing book
loved it oh but the ending was some thing else
Holy cow - its 1984 and Animal Farm for teens.
Only read if you don't mind ambiguous endings.
Reread from middle school days. Still awesome!
Good read. Wish it had a closed ending though!
I would have like this story to go on longer.
"Very good book, my Daughters love reading it."
"Easy read, wish there would have been more to the ending"
It was a good book and I liked it.  It was an easy read.
Never knew what happened to main characters or the town.
I could not put it down. Start to finish.. a Great read.
Surprisingly relevant with a few surprises. A good read.
I think it is a life changing read. Extremely emotional.
As soon as it started getting interesting... It was over
Excellent book with a clear message.  Gets you thinking.
"Storyline was great, characters were really good the book starts to take you on a journey of something very new then leaves ya kinda flat.  It's like the Author got halfway through the writing of this book and then either forgot the rest or just hurried it over.  Elementary at best."
This book The Giver was a great book.  It was so interesting.  With Jonas's strange village.  The village had weird costums.  Some things in this story I just couldn't belive like what they do to one of twins when they're born.  The only part I didn't like was how they ended it.
A classic and a thinker. Always a good read.
Very good reading for middle school students
I loved this book! Lots of things to ponder!
Great read! I'm glad we don't live this way!
The book was of good quality when delivered.
very good read....much better than the movie
It was in very good condition and I loved it
"ok all you guys who look at these reviews: this book is one I truly enjoyed, but that might not be the same case for others. If you like fiction and you have a great imagination, this book should grow on you. It did for me. Jonas's world reflects the world we all want, at least way in  the depths of our minds. We all want everyone to be equal, but Lois Lowry  shows us what happens (or doesn't happen) because of this sameness. Jonas  has friends, parents, teachers, and siblings just like we all do. The book  follows Jonas through one of the hardest periods of his life, basically  when his real or full and complete life begins. He will make his stand in  the world of his people, and grows up by making extremely difficult choices  all of us are required to make. Reading this book should be based on what  the reader wants, not based on what this or other reviews say. I, like  others, just want to make my point known to all of you. Thank you for  reading this. Do what you want, don't be pressured or swayed by people  other than yourself. Have fun readers!"
This book is twisted and wrong. I hated it. I know I am supposed to think this is amazing. But it is highly disturbing and should not be targeted to a YA  audience. Seriously . yo
Perfect condition. Great read! For any age!
Would read again. waiting to see the movie.
I loved this book and couldn't put it down.
Amazing story. Can't wait to see the movie!
"Quick read, characters developed very well."
Classic book - can't wait to see the movie!
"If you have already read the book ""The Giver"", don't buy this book thinking you are getting additional chapters.  The only things added were a few interviews that are not worth the price of this book!"
"The giver is about an eleven year old boy named jonah and he lives in a place called the community. The community is a near perfect place where there is no crimes, problems or deaths. The people in the community don't even know what death is. Since there isn't any health issues to worry about within the community hen a person reaches 65 years old they are released out of the community. People believe that the elderly are sent to a paradise island where they will spend eternity in. In actuality there is something much darker going on.The community works in a very orderly fashion. When you turn a certain age you get things to represent your maturity. Each year people in the same age group gets a the same thing. or example when you turn nine you get a bike to symbolize your independence and not having to rely on your parents to take you everywhere. Or when you turn five and you get a jacket with buttons that symbolizes your ability to get dressed by yourself. The main character jonah is going to turn twelve in a couple of months at the start of the book. When you turn twelve you are appointed a role in the community.The elders get to appoint each child a job based on personality and physical or mental strength The day jonah has been waiting for is very close by. I would recommend this book to anybody who likes mysteries. At some parts it does get boring because the author does tend to over explain things that have already been stated earlier in the book, but there is a lot of high points in the book that really overshadows the bad stuff in the book. The conclusion was very straight to the point without any cliffhangers and the character really matures throughout the book. He gains wisdom and the power to change everybodys way of thinking."
"How did I not read this book years ago? I only just recently discovered 'The Giver' and the biggest surprise for me was that it was written so long ago (1993). After reading a synopsis and a few reviews I figured it was a much more recent book.The political theme these days seems to me to be one of making sure everyone gets their 'fair share', of redistributing the wealth, of making sure that life treats everyone equally. This is pure hogwash. Life isn't fair. Crap happens. And no amount of federal money or social engineering will accomplish what our government seems hell-bent on trying to buy for the population.That's why I was so surprised to find this book written in the 90s. It's amazing to me Lois Lowry wrote about a utopian society so many years ago that certain members of our government now would be thrilled to make a reality - the non-scifi aspects at least.In 'The Giver' everyone's choices are made for them so that no one makes a wrong choice. There's no chance for the members of the community to choose the wrong vocation or spouse (they are assigned jobs and spouses). No one has more or less than another. No one goes hungry. No one feels pain. All the discomforts of normal life are regulated away. And should someone choose to disobey the rules they are severely punished until they fall into line or they are 'released' (a euphemism for the death penalty). Memories of the collective past are held by a single individual so that no one is burdened by the unpleasantness of past horrors or mistakes.It all sounds lovely on the surface, but the reality is much different. Without the ability to make choices, learn from mistakes, and grow in understanding these people become automatons who commit atrocities without knowing what they are truly doing.Not sure I would say I enjoyed this book, since the subject matter is so heavy, but it did give me pause for thought and cement some feelings I've had about the way I see our country heading. The more effort we make in trying to protect others from poor choices (or simple bad luck) the closer we get to the society portrayed where we will no longer have choice.And we will have done it to ourselves. We will have given up our ability to choose for the comfort of safety and equality."
"According to the back cover, The Giver is a Boston-Globe-Horn Book Honor Book, an American Library Association Best Book for Young Adults, an American Library Association Notable Book for Children, a winner of the Regina Medal, a Booklist Editors Choice, a School Library Journal Best Book of the Year, and it won the John Newbery Award. With all of that, do you really need me to tell you that The Giver is a really good book? Probably not, but I'm going to anyway. The Giver is a really good book and one of my all time favorites. If you haven't read it, stop what you're doing and read it now.The focus of The Giver is the people living in The Community, a perfect society. There are echoes of Brave New World and 1984, but The Giver is only a dystopian novel depending on how you look at it. The Community is a utopia. It's perhaps a little rough around the edges, true, but it's a mostly perfect place and it has to be, or the main thesis of the novel would fall short. I'm getting a bit ahead of myself, but just remember that for this book to work, life in The Community has to be a life worth considering or there is no dilemma for our characters or the reader.Imagine no possessions, I wonder if you can. No need for greed or hunger, a brotherhood of man. Imagine all the people sharing all the world... You may say Lois Lowry is a dreamer, but this is the world of The Community. There is almost no pain, no sickness, no poverty, no religion, no racism, no one is left wanting for anything (and what they might want, they've never known), and almost no one is ever lonely. I know what you're thinking, Esteemed reader: What's the catch? Well there is one and we'll get to it, but first consider life in The Community.The people of The Community are healthy because for the first year of their life they are in the care of nurturers, who ensure every baby is the perfect weight and well taken care of by experienced professionals. There are no unwanted children in The Community and that right there is something to consider. Every child growing up in The Community is given everything they'll ever need and cared for all the way into their old age.True, the members of The Community do have to give up some things, but that's not all bad either. At twelve years of age, a committee decides a person's occupation and they go into training and there they'll work for the rest of their lives, so job stability is never an issue. If a person requests one, a mate will be assigned to them. A mate carefully chosen by committee to ensure they are a perfect match for their spouse and later the couple can apply for two children, a girl and a boy. When the children have grown, they'll live with their friends, Mom and Dad will live with their friends, and no one is lonely or rejected.Again, I know what you're thinking: how could anyone live with all of their decisions made by others and no freedom? Well, if I may play devil's advocate, I might ask ""what's so great about freedom?"" And temporarily suspend your patriotic programming as an American and really consider it. I'm fortunate that God put the perfect woman on earth just for me and I found her and married her, but Lord knows I found a few who weren't her beforehand. There were others I could have married that might just have wrecked my life and made wretched my destiny. There was no committee to help me out and I might just have made the wrong choice. Anybody reading ever know anyone who made the wrong choice in a mate?And what about career choice? Sure, I've found the perfect job for me and I couldn't be happier now, but I spent a lot of years in wrong jobs I chose. And what about the folks we all know who just plain make the wrong choices all around? Their wrong choices don't affect just them, we all suffer. A person making the choice to lose themselves in drugs or other indulgences may claim it's only themselves they are hurting, but this is a lie as transparent as Charlie Sheen's recent claim that he is only going to smoke crack socially (a funnier line than anything on his show).My favorite thing about The Community is how they treat their old. When folks in The Community get old, they are moved to The House for the Old where they are cared for like the children. They never experience dementia or other horrifying sickness. No one is kept in a hospital bed for years suffering alone. When it's time, the old person is surrounded by their friends and their life is celebrated. They tell the story of the person's life and then he or she says one last goodbye and is ""released into Elseworld."" Is that a euphemism that means what you think it means? There are no spoilers on this blog, but even if it does mean that, is that really so bad? I can think of much worse ways to go.So what's the catch, already? I know it's our anniversary and all, but this review is running a little long. The catch is that The Community has no memory, no passion, and no sense of its past. They have no hate, but they also have no love. There's a wonderful freedom in this as well, but is it worth it? I'm not going to tell you and one of my most favorite things about The Giver is that Lois Lowry doesn't tell you either. The best books provoke the reader's imagination and leave readers to ponder these questions for themselves and draw their own conclusions. Lowry implies some things, perhaps, but for the most part she is simply asking the question.Nor is there a lot of explanation about the scientific workings that make The Community possible. Lowry wrote two sequels and I recommend them both and you can check them out if you want more details, but the details are sort of beside the point. There probably isn't a one hundred percent plausible explanation for everything, but so what? Lowry wisely leaves much of these details to the imagination. For example, genetic engineering is never mentioned, but it's certainly implied. And whether The Community is achieved through science, recovered UFO technology, or the wave of a wand, it makes little difference and a lesser writer going on and on about the explanation would be a waste of our time. We know The Community isn't possible, but Lowry need only provide a few details to provoke us to consider the implications of such a world if it were possible. And The Community is very real for the characters in this story, which is was ultimately matters.Instead, Lowry focuses on the story. When our hero, Jonas, turns twelve he is selected for the most unusual occupation of Receiver. Only one is picked every so many generations and no one really knows what he or she does, only that they need the Receiver and that it is the most important position in The Community. As Receiver, Jonas is separated from the rest of The Community. He is allowed to lie, something no one else is allowed to do, although how can he really know? He is also allowed to ask anyone anything and he is the only person who will know all that there is to know about The Community.Jonas is sent to the old Receiver, who becomes The Giver, and what he's giving are memories. I've said that The Community has no memory or sense of past. This is because the Receiver holds the memories for them in his head and when he grows old he transmits them to the new Receiver. The Giver transmits memories such as snow and sunburn to Jonas, which he has never experienced living in the climate controlled world of The Community. The Giver also transmits memories of war, poverty, suffering, disease, and all the rest of it to Jonas. But also colors and love, neither of which the people of The Community have ever known because they're colorblind (literally).In order to achieve Utopia, these people have given up everything that might create passion in their lives, even music and, gasp, choke, books. What the heck would I blog about in such a world? This is the most weighty of concerns, I know:) I wondered if the people of The Community ever engaged in, ahem, adult relationships. As this is a book for younger readers, I didn't think Lowry would cover it, but she does. After Jonas has an inappropriate dream about his sister and a bath (not his biological sister), his mother tells him he must take a pill each day to remove such ""stirrings"".I guess I sort of read over that part as a kid and didn't catch it until now. But in our world we have Viagra, and in Lowry's world there are pills that do the exact opposite. I won't spend a lot of time on this, but I would imagine you adult readers enjoy the capacity to have such relationships. On the other hand, that same capacity has brought about plenty of suffering, so I ask again: Is The Community really that bad?True, there is no color, no music, no art, no... um, kissing, no passion of any kind, and no books. We who love books might balk at the prospect, but that's because we know about them. The people in The Community have never had these things and don't know what they're missing. Most of them don't even know about death, and just think how much stress would be relieved if you didn't know you were going to die one day (spoiler, I know).But now Jonas does know and the question is what's he going to do now that he knows? Could it be that something traumatic has happened to The Giver that will make this giving and receiving of memories different than any such giving and receiving that has come in generations past? Of course it could, or this novel will be episodic and there would be no story worth telling that makes this time in The Community's history more notable than any of the others Lowry could have chosen. But I have promised no spoilers and even though a few probably slipped through, here we'll leave it.I haven't touched much on craft and I'm afraid I'm not going to this week. Lowry does everything right from start to finish. Like a work of Mozart, the misplacing of a single note could mean diminishment, but Lowry absolutely nails every aspect of craft and delivers what may just be a perfect book. Her prose is clear and crisp and never a distraction. In fact, I was so completely drawn into the story upon reading this book, I forgot to take that many notes even though I already knew the ending. The Giver sucks its reader in and I read the whole thing in a single sitting because it became physically impossible for me to put the book down.Fair warning: there are some extremely disturbing scenes in the later part of the book that would make Stephen King say, ""Dude, that's messed up!"" I'm not going to spoil them either. Still, sensitive readers should be aware that you may be most unpleasantly shocked. But remember, it's good to be shocked every so often.Be sure to be here on Thursday when none other than Lois Lowry will be here to face the 7 Questions and check back on Saturday as God willing, we'll have a literary agent here on Saturday as well. By the way, I mentioned God several times in this review, but I also listed ""no religion"" as a quality of utopia. That is sort of perplexing, isn't it? I never do quite reveal my full thoughts on religion or even most political issues do I? Thanks for a great year of giving and receiving on this blog everybody:)And now, because I see I have not included a single passage from the text in this entire longwinded review, I'll leave you with some of my favorite bits from The Giver:It was almost December, and Jonas was beginning to be frightened. (a great opening line if I ever read one--MGN)But her father had already gone to the shelf and taken down the stuffed elephant which was kept there. Many of the comfort objects, like Lily's, were soft, stuffed, imaginary creatures. Jonas's had been called a bear.""There's administrative work, and the dietary rules, and punishment for disobedience--did you know that they use a discipline wand on the Old, the same as for small children?""""Definitely not safe,"" Jonas said with certainty. ""What if they were allowed to choose their own mate? And chose wrong?""Or what if,"" he went on, almost laughing at the absurdity, ""they chose their own jobs?""Frightening, isn't it?"" The Giver said.Jonas chuckled. ""Very frightening. I can't even imagine it. We really have to protect people from wrong choices.""""It's bye-bye to you, Gabe, in the morning,"" Father had said, in his sweet, sing-song voice. (really only effective if read in context, but if you've read the book, you know the impact of this line -MGN)After countless tries, the net yielded two flopping silvery fish. Methodically, Jonas hacked them to pieces with a sharp rock and fed the raw shreds to himself and to... (spoiler -- MGN)."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry  won the Newberry Award in 1994. (On a side note, it also won the Rebecca Caudill Young Reader's Award in 1996 which is an award sponsored by the state of Illinois!)  I'm certainly glad I decided to read it!""It was almost December, and Jonas was beginning to be frightened."" And so starts the story of a boy that is growing up in a time and place where sameness is the way only way of life. There is no such thing as choice. When a child is born, it is placed in the hands of a Nurturer. The child isn't even named until December. Every December, there is a ceremony celebrating the year's in the life of a child. The newchild is placed with it's new family...one that is chosen for that child. Every family unit is allowed 2 children. One boy and one girl. No more, no less. As the years progress, so do the ceremonies. At 8, the child is allowed to start his volunteer hours. At 9, the child is given his bike. And at 12, the child is given his Assignment. This assignment is the job you are going to do for the rest of your life.Jonas is nervous about the 12's Ceremony this year because he is to be assigned, and he has no idea what that assignment will be. As he sits in his position waiting, he hears the assignments of all his friends. But Jonas assignment is one that is a surprise to everyone. He is assigned to be the next ""Receiver of Memories"". It's one of the highest honors in the Community.When Jonas starts his training, he meets ""The Giver"", the man he is replacing as a Receiver of Memories. The Giver must ""give"" memories to Jonas. And not just memories of the Community, but memories that have been passed from Receiver to Receiver. He is given memories of color, because there is no longer color in the world of Sameness. He is given beautiful memories of snow and family and love, all things that he has never really experienced before. But when Jonas is shown what it really means to be released, he must find the courage within himself to try to change the way of life for one newchild that is about to be released.I thought this book was wonderful. I like dystopian books anyway. But Lowry has created a world that is structured and filled with sameness. A world that is hard to imagine. She shows us that even though the world we live in right now is filled with tough choices, at least we HAVE the right to choose. Maybe we make the wrong choice sometimes, but the alternative is not really better. And she has created a compassionate, loving and courageous character in Jonas. A character that should be admired. I can see why this book won the Newberry!! I think all young adults should read this one."
"Very Good product, thanksJuan Carlos"
This is one of my all-time favorite books!
"It was a good book, better than the movie."
Love this book!  Fast shipping good value.
This book is great i really like the story
Very interesting concept.  A little scary.
Great read. My 12 year old also loved. It.
It was a great read and thought provoking.
EXCELLENT BOOK> read the whole series!
Love the giver can't wait to see the movie
"With sameness in a community, no one can experience real pain.  In The Giver, written by Lois Lowry, no one has inflicted pain on him or her.  Even if they fall off their bike they have never felt it.  In the ending I think that he went to a community that actually has pain and suffering.  He also hasn't heard music before.  He has only heard it in his memories.  With these memories that are giver by the giver, he has to suffer with them. I think that the ending really implies that he has re-entered his old community.  They have taken in the memories while he was gone.  Just like when Rosemary ""Released"" herself and the community got all of the lost memories.  With these new memories, they have been able to see the colors and feel love.  Now they have opened a door to the past that is a memory.  These memories are the key for how they survive. I recommend this book to a person that has really good imagination.  With this imagination, you can understand the ending very well and that is why I have comprehended the ending.  The ending is a little hard to understand because of the sudden stop that is on the last page, it just says all of the things about the community, and it never states what the community says or does to him.  The ending is very hard to understand, but I think I chose the right one.  I chose this ending because there have been many hints to describe it.  For example, the planes just stopped coming.  I think that someone had seen them when they had that really close encounter.  Another reason is that they had described many curves in the road.  This has given an obvious reason that they had gone in a circle.  He had also said that he had recognized the face in the crowd.  That makes it just plain obvious that he had come back to his old community when he saw this. I think that Lois Lowry should come out with The Giver 2.  In this book she should write about the new community.  This should put a better ending on the book.  Then people wouldn't think this book is so weird.  I'm not saying that this book is bad or anything, I'm just saying that this book was had to understand for some people. If this book were banned from all schools, then the people wouldn't know what it would be like to be in this kind of community.  If this book is banned, then many books like this will be banned.  For example, a book with Hitler in it will be banned.  If this book is banned, then people won't learn about history and a book that talks about drugs or war will be banned.  If this happens then the whole world will change."
"Jonas is a young boy that is growing up in a plain community. There is no color and people get released from the community for little reasons that we would find weird. Jonas is anticipating his twelfth ceremony; it is so exiting to him. He is given the task of being the new receiver. At first he is scared about it because he doesn't know what to expect of it. After a while he is more comfortable with his assignment. He sees what life use to be like and he wishes that it could go back to the old ways instead of having sameness. He wants to have color instead of black and white. There is a little baby by the name of Gabriel and he could not sleep on his own so he gets to stay with Jonas' family. One day while Gabriel was being noisy and upset Jonas accidentally gave him one of his memories and it seemed to sooth the little boy. After that he did it to calm him down and his parents would let Gabriel sleep in the room with Jonas because he would sleep easier. Jonas was sick of living in the community and he wanted to get away and find something else, something that existed else where, where they played music and had color.He learned what it really meant to get released from the community and he didn't like it at all. In the community they could not have identical twins. The smallest one of them would be released from the community. Since the baby's arm did not have big enough veins, a shot was put into it's forehead and it's body would go limp. This was going to happen to Gabriel because he would not sleep though the night. Jonas loved Gabriel, also known as Gabe and he didn't want that to happen to him. The Giver decided that he would help Jonas to get away from the community, but Jonas knew that he would never be able to come back again. They traveled for what seemed like forever and they were running out of food. The weather started to change and it got bitterly cold, with lots of snow falling down. They had to use the memory of warmth to survive. Helicopters were out looking for him and the baby but they soon gave up on it. Jonas and Gabe found a sled on top of a hill and they hopped onto it with all the strength that they had left. They flew down the hill and when they reached the bottom they found a house with lights all around. People were gathered around and there was music playing. Jonas thought that maybe he heard laughter and music from the community that he just left but he figured that it was probably just an echo from the house that they just had found.I really found that the book was very interesting to me. The only thing that I did not like was how the people were released from the community. Other than that it was good. There are not that many books that I can really get into. I would not want to live the way that they lived in the book, but they did not know any better. It was the way that things had been for a long time and they were use to it. It is definitely a book that I would recommend that people should read."
"In the small community life is perfect. There are no choices, no pain and nothing can go wrong. Jonas is an eleven and the day when all eleven's not only turn twelve but each individual eleven is assigned a role in the community is coming closer and closer. Although Jonas is unaware what he will be assigned he knows the elders have been watching him and will choose what they know is right for him. He is nervous but the feeling deep inside him is anxious for the day to arrive!  The day of the ceremony comes and Jonas watches the ages before him go by making him extremely anxious. Jonas sees his friends and the people before him get their assignment's but when he is next something extremely odd happens. He is skipped! For the first time he finds himself different and singled out. The chief elder announces Jonas as the receiver of memories, everyone else seems to know what it is but Jonas. Jonas receives a small list of instructions and is to report to the annex behind the house of old for his training. At training Jonas realizes what his job really is. He is to hold the memories from the past in his mind. The giver holds all memories from the past of pain and pleasure and is to give them to Jonas. The memories Jonas receives from the giver's strong but comforting touch are memories of the past with pain, color, unlikeness, feelings and love. The giver has come up with a plan but this plan includes great risks for Jonas. What will Jonas do and how far will he go to achieve it? I loved this book! It is extremely different and definitely original. I could not imagine living in that community were everything is the same and the people feel nothing. This book is unbelievable and the characters and plot make this book fun and exciting to read. The strange ""world"" in which Jonas lives in is unimaginable and is interesting to picture in your mind. I would recommend this book to people who like adventures and books that let you mind wonder and explore the fascinating settings and characters of a story!"
"A Review by JasonThe Giver is about a young boy named Jonas who lives in a ""community"" with his mother, father and little sister Lilly. Jonas is eleven and turns twelve during the course of the book. Every year the community has a ceremony of 12 where the children who will be turning 12 for that year will get the assignment for the job they will do for the rest of their lives in the community. Jonas is assigned as the giver, and finds out that his assignment is the most important in the community.This book is an easy read for most people who in 6th grade or above but it is a book that I enjoyed from front to back. This book seems to be very well written and flows very naturally with very few unnecessary words or information, everything seems to tie into something that previously happened so you are always gathering new information about something you may not have gotten earlier in the book.  The only thing I did not lie about this book was the ending, I think Jonas could have handled the situation that was eventually the end of the book better than what he did. I like how Lois Lowry describes how important the ceremony of twelve is and how Jonas and the rest of his peers have many apprehensions just before the ceremony, ""the entire community attended the ceremony each year. For the parents, it meant two days holiday from work; they sat together in the huge hall. Children sat with their groups until the went, one by one, to the stage.""I would recommend this book for any person that likes a science fiction book about what the future might be like for us. This book is about a 6th grade reading level but it can be read by 4th and 5th graders without much trouble. This is a great book and an interesting one about what our future might be like."
"The GiverBy: Lois LowryReviewed By: Jason YehPer. 2  This book is about a community where Jonas lives and Jonas life. The community was normal and everything was Sameness. They had the annual ceremonies which celebrated the aging of children and selection of new jobs for the Twelves. Jonas spent his volunteer hours as an Eleven at many different places. When the day of Jona's ceremony finally begins, everything goes by slowly until all the Elevens were Twelves and started working. The headperson skipped Jonas number and gave the rest jobs. The citizens figured out and started wondering. The headperson apologizes and tells Jonas that he was going to be given the job as next receiver of memory which was a highly honored job. When his job began, Jonas met the current receiver and became friends with him very quickly.  The next few weeks, Jonas learned much information from the Giver. He received memories of pleasant things at first, but the Giver knew that it was his job to transfer pain to him.He transferred light memories of pain and finally transferred a great pain to Jonas, ""poverty."" Jonas lives this life until the day he ran away with a newborn, Gabriel, who was about to be released. With the help of the Giver, Jonas escaped to another community. With few memories, he and Gabriel traveled many miles to try and reach another community. Finally, hey hear some music in the distance and knew they had reached their goal.  My favorite part of the book was when Jonas received the memories. He was forced to bear with the pain but was relieved with a dose of happiness, love, and warmth. Receiving the memories seemed exciting and unexpecting. He didn't know how much pain he would receive.  I enjoyed this book because it was very tense and had a good plot line to it. ""JONAS, JONAS, JONAS, JONAS."" This quote explains how the community was accepting the selection of Jonas as the next receiver. Unfortunately, he doesn't last very long. He decides to run away. ""'He lied to me!' sobbed Jonas"" This might have been one of the reasons Jonas wanted to run away. Since he was not used to being lied to, Jonas felt angry at his father when he lied to him. Overall, this book was still a wonderful piece of literature."
"The GiverBy: Lois LowryReviewed by: E. LeePeriod: 5 In this book, Jonas, the main character, lives in a perfect world. Here, all the people are assigned jobs and there isnt any war or pain. As time goes by, Jonas becomes a Twelve and receives an assignment. As easy it may seem, Jonas becomes encouraged for it is a big change that is going to appear. Now as a Twelve, everyone is counting on him for he receives a special assignment. Jonas receives the assignment of being the next Receiver of Memory. The reason why I like this book, The Giver, is that it showed the same experience as what I went through. In this book, Jonas goes through a stage where he receives a job that he has to complete.  Jonas was identified as a possible Receiver many years ago. We have observed him meticulously. There were no dreams of uncertainty. This reminds me of all the things I had to do as I reached a certain age. Every time I read this book, it showed me that even though you receive a job, you should always try to accomplish it without a complaint. In other words, this book showed me of all the burdens that might pull you down, but you should always try to do your best to release the burden. For that, The Giver was a book I was fond by. Another reason The Giver was my favorite book is where this book took place. Here in the world where Jonas lives, the people cant feel pain.  Jonass world is perfect. Everything is under control. There is no war or fear or pain. Also, the world is peaceful without a war to be insight. Comparing this world to the world we live in, there is a big difference. In our world, wars and pain are all felt by the citizens while in Jonass world, they dont. It always seemed to come into my mind the fact that our world cant be in peace while Jonass can. For this, I desire to live a world in peace and somewhere with out pain. My favorite part would have to be when Jonass friend, Asher, called snacks smacks when he was in hi Threes. Long ago, Asher wanted a snack for he was hungry. When he went to the Chief Elder, he asked,  Can I have some smacks? After that, all the other Threes started laughing and told Asher that it was snacks not smacks. This was my favorite part because when Asher said smacks, I thought he wanted a slap. This was my favorite part for it provided a sense of humor as the book continued."
"The Giver, by Lois Lowry is an exceptional book to say the least.  It grabbes your eye and your attention and takes you along for a whirlwind ride to a time and place unimaginable to even the most creative of minds.Within a moment of opening the book, one is thrashed abrubtly into a fairy tale land in which emotions and freedom of choice are nonexistant.  What I particuarly liked about this book was its ability to strech ones mind and imagination far beyond any normal boundaries.  Being an American citizen and thus, accustomed to the American belief systems of freedom of choice, speech, religion, ext. it was fascinating to visit a place which was the complete antithesis of all that America stands for.  One almost wonders while reading ""The Giver"" whether the major conceptual ideas relate to world history, with possibly America as ""Elsewhere"" which Jonas and The Giver frequently talk about, and a communist/fascist/dictatorship being where they are up until that point.  I am unaware at this point during which time peroid ""The Giver"" was written, however, it is an interesting thought to say the least.Regardless, although I thought The Giver's compliance with Jonas's precipitious ideas came rather quickly (their runaway mission to Elsewhere), prehaps too quickly to say the least, I enjoyed the book and would list that as my only complaint if asked to do so.  Also, I thought ""The Giver"" was extremly well written and not too verbose as many novels tend to with their superflous words which only confuse and slow the process of reading as opposed to intriguing and interesting which they are intended to do.Therefore, I truely enjoy the book ""The Giver"" and would recommend it to anyone looking for an escape, as I was at the time.  For ""The Giver"" does just that, takes you to a faraway land where you can forget all your troubles and bask in the simple pleasures that belong (hopefully) to you, such as freedom of speech, religion, ext., that unfourtunatly, Jonas did not."
"It has been several years since I have read any Lois Lowry, yet The Giver fully met my expectations and the standard I have come to recognize from Lowry's works.  I think the book's importance is to make the reader realize that one is never helpless, regardless of the situation at hand, and that some how there is a way out. For our world to keep on turning we must be forever instigating change, at any cost. Jonas' world was one of regulation, control and most importantly denial. Everything from the matchings of husband and wife to the climate was carefully and meticulously calculated assuring that nothing or no one could go wrong. When Jonas becomes aware of the ""Elsewhere"" (the outside world, only alive in the memories of the Receiver) he realizes the importance of getting out of the control, and so he runs away saving the live of baby Gabriel who would have been ""released"" because he did not fit the so-called standards of the society. In other words something had gone terribly wrong during his production and he, a difference must be weeded out and destroyed.  Another very important theme in The Giver is the importance of memory. Before Jonas is given the assignment of ""Receiver"" he is unable to realize that another way of life could exist. Yet his ignorance is by no way his own fault, for until he is introduced, or given the memories of another life, he couldn't possibly realize that it once existed. His society has successfully extracted all emotion, all feelings including love, the warmth of sunshine, the coldness and adventure of snow and the brightness of colors. Once he is given the memories he escapes his controlled community in search of the very essence of life his memory has been filled with.  Because this book was written as a children's book, I think that many times it is easily overlooked. Though the language is simplistic, the ideas and themes are by no means easy to understand. The struggle for independence, change and difference are important to any person searching for themselves, and extremely vital to teenagers who are desperately searching for their own freedom. The theme of memory teaches so many lessons, ensuring that mistakes won't be made as strong as they were the first time, enabling a person keep in touch with their roots, and reminding us that we are forever changing, and that we constantly need to be changing.  I strongly recommend this book, as a reminder to ourselves that we mustn't forget who we are and that we can't close ourselves off to change."
"This is great literature.  The story appeals to your curiosity and then you are sucked in emotionally.  Super thought provoking, great for stimulating discussions on the importance and challenges of freedom."
Great book! Excited to continue the series
This was a great book!  I couldn't put it down.
Great read. It held my attention until the end.
Good story but I wished it was a little longer.
Loved this book. Can't wait to watch the movie.
"Did not like the ending, left you just hanging."
Good book for young readers. Thought provoking.
This book was not as deep as I might have liked
Love this book!!! Book came in mint condition!
Can't wait to read the next book in the series
Great book for early readers. Good story line.
"Most people want to live in a perfect world. They never realize that a perfect world would not be fun at all. This books helps everyone realize thatt perfect is boring and monotonous. The same schedule, weather, ""birthday"" every year - and every day. After reading this book, I realized that I'm happy with the way life is now, always changing and never the same again."
"This was a book used by our small book club, and it was enjoyed by all."
One of the best books I've read in a long time.  Could not put it down.
Wonderful book. Had to read for class. This was better than I expected.
I couldn't finish the book. It was so boring. I do recommend this book.
Great book and it arrived within the time period that amazon estimated.
Good story but the ending left me wondering what was the final outcome.
I am so glad to have been told about & read this book. It is revealing.
"The Giver may be a great book, and I *have* read it three times, but it still comes nowhere near the power of This Perfect Day, by Ira Levin.  The Giver is very incomplete, with a lack of detail about the society and an incomplete ending.  It is prophetic in fortelling a possible future, but I just read This Perfect Day, and Ira Levin's reality seems more feasible."
"ok i can understand why this book got a newberry metal, it had a good plot and it is worth reading but i found that i didn't really like the characters and i thought that it was alittle too improbable even for a sci-fi book.  as i said before you should get this book and it is worth reading at least to give you a new idea of what life might be like in the future."
"a hard read at times, but well worth it!"
An easy read with an interesting premise
Thanks. The book was in great condition.
My 10 year old grandson loved this book.
Fantastic story.  Lois Lowry is amazing.
"good reading, and shipping was on time !"
Love this book. I want to hug this book.
I read it for the third time.  Loved it!
One of the best books I have ever read !
Good book.  Well written.  Lousy ending.
Fantastic book for a fantastic price! :)
Really good and thought provoking story!
T h e g I v e r I s a g o o d b o o k 
"my grandson read it and really liked it,"
delivered on time. don't like  the book.
"In this story there are 10 characters Jonas, The Giver, Jonas mother, Jonas father, Lily, Gabriel, Asher, Fiona, Larissa, and The Chief Elder.  The Giver is a futuristic story of a boy named Jonas who's world is perfect.  In his life there is no fear, no war, no pain, no feeling, no hunger, nothing.  Everything is made to be exactly the same.  Everything is done according to the community leaders.  Everybody in the community is given their job when they turn twelve.  Jonas turns twelve and is chosen to become the receiver of memory.  As he trains with The Giver, he finds out that the community he lives in is not fair. Everyone is not being able to feel the good things in life but the good side of it is they can't feel the bad things in life either.  The people who don't live to the rules of the community are ""released"".  Jonas finds out that this release process is like death.  He decides that it is his job to return what he has been taken from the community and its people.  With the help of The Giver, Jonas exscapes from the community which will result in the release of all memories to the community.  The memory release shows the members of the community the unfelt feelings of pain, famine, war, as well as human differences, love, and happiness from before.  This book reminds me of a movie that I saw called ""Equilibrium"".  It's almost exactly the same but they take some kind of drug to keep them so they don't feel any emotion because they believe that human emotion causes wars.  So if they don't take this drug they are killed. It is almost the same except there's alot of fighting scenes.  That's why I like this book."
"The fact that I had to read it for class did not help me appreciate this book.  I did not like the main character, Jonas, or any of the other characters.  I was utterly bored, even with the few interesting pages this book provided.  I did appreciate the messages that (my class and) I got out of this book (such as how differences are important).  The ending, though some may enjoy being able to make up their own, annoyed me.  I had many unanswered questions by the end of the book.  It bothered me that Jonas, knowing the cruelty of his lifestyle and that there was a better place, would leave his impressionable sister there.  Jonas is willing to save the baby, but not his own sister?  Having read The Outsiders the year before (which I had enjoyed immensely) I had high hopes for this book.  Reading this book made me return to my previous opinion that the teachers who choose which books the class is to read enjoy torturing their students."
"As a teacher of learning disabled students...I can say that all of my pupils loved this book.  Some of the ideas might need a bit of explaining, but it is a story that kids can really get into."
"This is a world that is dark and gray where everyone is prescribed a job in life, and there is no sound, no color, and no music.  Jonas, a twelve year old boy, has been chosen to do an important job.  He is to become the receiver of memories.The Giver, the man in the community who has received  all the memories, is to be his teacher.  There were different jobs, such as  the caretaker, and the assistant directer of recreation. People receive  their job at the annual cemermony. Jonas has been chosen to be the  receiver, the most impotant job.  In my opinion it's quite great in  the middle of the book. The author uses good desciptions.This is one of  those science fictions or fantasy books, that I would recommend to readers  that are in sixth grade to people that are sixty. I rated the book four  stars because of the way the author is saying what she's saying. That is  that this world we live in shouldn't ever be like this."
"Imagine that you live in a world where everything operates in an orderly fashion and pain, anguish, crime, poverty, hunger, prejudice, racism, sexism and other societal ills have been eliminated. It is just such a society that young 12-year-old Jonas lives and we are given a glimpse into this idyllic community.The Gift by Lois Lowry opens as Jonas is approaching his twelfth birthday which is also the year of a milestone where the young persons, reaching the age of twelve, enter into adulthood, are given their vocational assignments, and enter into a period of apprenticeship. Jonas is bestowed a great honor when he is selected as the next Receiver of Memory.Jonas' world quickly turns upside down as he learns that his society, which has totally eliminated individuality and personal choice, is not as perfect as he once thought.This is a wonderful book and the ending is quite poetic."
Great book - great price - fast shipment.
Good story.  Ending left me wanting more.
Hope movie is better with special effects
"The Giver is hands down one of the best novels I've read. The 1994 Newbery Medal winning-book by Lois Lowry. The Newbery Medal honors the most outstanding contribution to children's literature published in the prior year.The Giver provides fantasy with enough realism that you find yourself comparing things to the world we live in. The Giver is about Jonas, a child living in a particular community. In his community, individuals do not get to choose their own careers. You are observed throughout your schooling and required volunteer hours, and a job that fits your aptitudes is selected for you. So Jonas is looking forward to the ceremony where he receives his assignment, or job.Jonas soon discovers that he has not received any ordinary job. He has been named as the new ""Receiver of Memories."" Only one person has this job at any time, and the old one is ready to retire. Before the old one, whom Jonas comes to call ""The Giver,"" can retire, he must pass on all of his knowledge to Jonas.Through the course of his job training, Jonas discovers that his society isn't all it's cracked up to be. The more he finds out about other societies, the more dissatisfied he becomes with his own. However, his society can only be changed in one way, and that way can be deadly. What does Jonas decide to do? You'll have to read and find out!  The best thing about this book was the way it kept me on the edge of my seat from beginning to end. Wherever I thought the story was going, that's not where it went. New twists, turns, and ideas were found on every page of every chapter. Even things that are familiar to you will be seen from a new perspective."
"I think the book's concept is interesting, but I think this is more of a ""short story"" than an in-depth, fleshed out novel.  When reading the book, I could not help but keep thinking of the youth series ""Divergent"" or ""The Hunger Games."" (or Red Rising as well, the first in what is expected to be a series)  Both have fascinating dystopian story lines, with a great concept that is then carried out in complex, mind bending and questioning manners.  You have the creation of a future society, and then a complex story showing the positive and negative aspects of that society, and the ways in which the society's underpinnings can/should be challenged.  With ""The Giver,"" I felt the author created a very basic architecture of a dystopian society, gives a few details of that society, and then quickly attempts to show basic weaknesses and an attempt to break it down.  But, compared to the other named book series, The Giver gives you 5% of the society structure, 5% of its strengths/weaknesses and then, BAM, an attempt to challenge it all.  Just when you start getting a little detail on something, the author quickly moves on to something else, and then she does it over and over again.  Connections, deeper details, all go missing.  This does not happen at all with the other youth book series.I did watch ""The Giver"" movie right after finishing the book and I felt it has the exact same weaknesses.  A lot of jumping around from point A to C to F and then Z.  You're left wondering why all of the jumps, and why skip all of the connecting details.So good concept, missing depth throughout the novel."
"This story takes place in a utopia-like society.  One of the most unusual elements of the community was that the members were only able to perceive their surroundings in black and white.  The central piece of the story was that one person (The Giver) was the sole owner of all past memories and the time had arrived to pass that information along to a successor (Jonas).  The only persons experiencing any form of conflict in the story were Jonas and the Giver.  Being without memories, the rest of the society, including the Elders who ran the society, were ignorant of any other way of doing things and were, therefore, content.  Jonas was given the ability to see things from new perspectives, taking into account past pleasures and pains.  He began to understand different moralities of situations and seriously doubted the way of doing things that he had previously accepted without question.  This book is not necessarily a question of good versus evil, but rather a matter of learning from past experiences.  Was the decision of 'sameness' the correct one for their community?  Why wasn't euthanization (being released) a question of morality?  Were the decisions of doing things for the good of the community really good for the community?  And without memories, what was left to compare their lives to?  I don't think that many children who read this story would care to live in that type of society.  Middle School students (and I don't think that this book is appropriate for students younger than that) pride themselves on their originality.  However, the topics addressed in this book are interesting for any students ready to consider them."
"Take a close look. This encompasses the central theme of the book. At some point, people realized that all kinds of sin and strife sprang from differences and envy. And so they removed color. The book never explains quite how- it's not pure science fiction but more of a mix with fantasy. But there are two in the society that can always see in color. And they are the ones who remember pain, for without pain you can not truly make wise decisions.Now that cuts to the wick. You don't expect something so deep in a children's novel that puts the novel into a category of not only readable for adults, but one adults *should* read. Lowry very realistically describes the process of emerging color-sight, describing what it is like for the first time to truly see after all your life living in a society of black and white. In the process she reveals, if it is our differences which cause the strife between us, perhaps the removal of those differences is too great a price to pay. And perhaps pain itself is too great a thing to lose if it means a life of mediocrity and forgetfulness. For with much pain also comes much Joy.I wrote this review before there was a hint of two sequels, and hence was forced o give it the low rating.  Without the sequels, it is incomplete.  The Giver will stick with you; you will remember it's myth. But embrace it as an unfinished story until you've read the sequels."
"""The Giver"" is an intriguing science-fiction novel that is extremely hard to put down. It is a fast, interesting read for adults, teens, and children.The society portrayed in ""The Giver"" removes many vital traits from the citizens that make us human. Some of these are the ability to make decisions, the ability to make mistakes and learn from them, difference and individuality, love, and to a certain extent, intelligence. The people of the society are like robots, they are ""programmed"" to work, raise a family, and be released. The society believes that when you are released, you go to a different place. About 3/4 of the way through the book, the reader learns what it really means to be released. The truth will seem disturbing to the reader, but for the 'people' living in the Giver's society, it is simply how life works. They do not know any other way, and therefore do not speak out against it, or for that matter, against anything else that happens.Jonas, the main character, becomes the ""receiver of memory"" for the society. During the story, he goes through extensive training with the Giver (the old receiver) and starts to develop into a real human. He recieves memory of the past that show things such as sunshine and love, that the society is lacking. Jonas enjoys these feelings, he even knows that from experiencing the bad memories, he learns something. Jonas starts to feel alone, just as the Giver has for many years.""The Giver's"" plot is very interesting. Although some details of the society and the characters are missing, the book is well written and enjoyable.I recommend ""The Giver"" to anyone. I loved the book!"
Great start.  Looking forward to Book 2!
"Great read, and I got a nostalgia boner."
"The book ""The Giver"" takes place in a futuristic and perfect world. The author, Lois Lowry gets an award, the Newbery Medal for the most distinguished contibution to American literature for children, but it might  be interesting for adults too. Jonas, the main character, lives in a far  future. In this future, the people do not live in cities, no, they live in  communities. Jonas goes to school and does his volunteer hours, the rules  say it so. These rules can be compared with our law. If you break one of  the rules for the third time, you will be released, which means you have to  leave the community. One day, at the ""Ceremony of Twelve"" (a kind  of birthday celebrity), Jonas is chosen to be the new ""Receiver of the  Memory"". This means hard training for him and one day, during the  training, Jonas finds out about the dark side of this, his ""perfect  world"". First he has to accept these things, but finnaly, Jonas  decides something, that will change his life forever. When you read the  book, you will notice that Lois Lowry uses words you have never heard  before or have a new meaning. This makes it very interesting to read the  book, you must first understand the system and then you can understand this  mysteries world. First the book contains an introduction, which is (imho)  not so interesting, but then it builds up an undescribable thrill, which  forces you to read on and on. Except of the introducing part, the book has  no weaknesses. One of the positive aspects is, that this book was written  for children, but it can also be read by adults who feel young inside or  occasional readers. I can only advise you to read it. If you want to buy a  book, think about ""The Giver""!"
I enjoyed the book and then watched the movie which made it better
"Great series, endings can be irritating to some, but I liked them."
"Had to read it before the movie came out, too bad the movie sucks."
very well written book. read it with my 10 year old grand daughter
"Great book, short read. Just go ahead and pick up the other three."
Book(s) for my Mother who reads constantly nothing negative to say
"Very thought provoking, but disappointed the ending was so abrupt."
"This book is well writtten and keeps you trapped in its suspense,."
It was hard to put this book down.  I can't wait to see the movie.
Great book.  Shipped quickly.  Thanks.
Love this book. Could not put it down.
Solid concept/story. Hated the ending.
"Better than the movie, which was great"
My English students enjoyed The Giver.
Makes grandparents look pretty cool...
Enjoyed the story very much. well done
Just could not get into the story line
Very interesting!!!! Couldn't put down
Great book a must read for every child
Wasn't satisfied with the ending.....
A tale with a lot of elements of 1984
Great book. Everyone need to read it.
very fast and exactly as described!!!
It was ok but not my kind of reading.
Great book....reading second one now.
Amazing story line I recommended 100%
Could this happen here??????.........
"Perfect, just as described by seller."
I read it to my boys.  We enjoyed it.
interesting as a preview to the movie
"Great book, came in perfect condition"
"This book is an interesting story. It is called The Giver.AlthoughI don't like to read, this story is great for anyone who likes toread. I do recimend this book The Giver."
"In this world, there is no color, there are no choices. People can't feel pain and teens are watched from birth then assigned a job when they turn 12.Jonas is just like everyone else. He plays with his friends. He eats three times a day. He goes home and goes to bed, when he is supposed to. He never did anything wrong, and he never did anything incredibly good either. So why should he be singled out to apprentice The Giver when he turned 12?The Giver holds all the memories of pain and war and beauty and color that Jonas's world doesn't know exists. But the Giver is getting old. He needs to transfer those memories to someone.The first memory Jonas experiences is snow. He lies on a bed and the Giver transfers his memory of sledding down a hill in the snow to Jonas's mind. So you might think this would be a pleasnt experience, finding out all the things you never knew about.But not really. Because a memory means you have already experienced it, and you can remember and feel every detail. So when Jonas is transfered pain and war and death and blood, he feels it. And it isn't all that pleasnt.Through these memories, Jonas sees and feels the world differently. He knows that he can see color, and he is the only person that can. He feels pain, and he cringes when his friends play war. Because these things are real. And he is about to find out more about his not-so-perfect-world.This book is a huge turning point in understanding feeling and the image of perfect."
"I never saw so much media hype for such a thin plot and outcome. I cannot recommend it except that it is so short, not too much time is wasted learning what the hype was about."
Read with my son we both enjoyed it.
Excellent book. My daughter loved it
My daughter loved it. Thanks Amazon.
Great book for both teens and adults
Unfulfilling. A long build to blah..
good reading. good customer service.
Liked the movie a lot more - strange
It captures you from the first page!
It is a horrible book. Don't get it.
Strange story but kept my attention!
Book arrived in excellent condition.
great price and fast delivery!!AAA++
"Very strange, but gets you thinking!"
I really didn't care for the ending.
A classic that everyone should read.
best book I have read in a long time
Highly recommend for all age readers
"Analysis of THE GIVER  After I had completed reading The Giver, by Lois Lowry I began to think about life in a different perspective.  The ways society was run and how the people were selectively placed in their family groups, was all very thought provoking for me.  I felt that it was interesting how the community determines what job each individual would perform once reaching the age of twelve.  It was obvious to me that the state of government in this story was run entirely by communism.  This made me realize how much I take for granted how appealing it is to live in a democratic society. This aspect where every citizen in the community is tightly controlled and limited to almost everything they chose to do frustrated me.  It was like there were no freedoms given to these people at all.  The memories received by Jonas from the Giver really added an important factor to an important theme to this novel. This part of the novel was very enjoyable to me.  These memories passed on by the giver made me realize the things in life I take for granted so frequently.  I really felt sympathetic to Jonas and to the other people of the community that had never experienced the simple things in life, which the Giver was giving to Jonas.  Although this present state of life within the community revolves around protecting its citizens from receiving unfavorable memories, in effect restrains many enjoyable memories, which these people can't experience."
"I loved this book, because it made me think about how life would be like if everything wasn't the same, and there were no individuals.  READ IT -- you'll be glad you did."
Great book. Loved the whole series.
"Quirky and interesting, weak ending"
Great read for 5th grade and above.
This series is well worth the read!
A great book with a terrible ending
Well written book but not my style.
A good read. Fiction but well told.
Interesting concept.  Great ending!
"Excellent condition, good read too."
As good as I remembered from school
"Jonas lives in a community that can't see in color. He is just like you and me except that he is able to do a lot of things that nobody can do. He is the only one that can see in color. In the book he received memories and ran away to help his community. Jonas is a brave young man.Jonas took on the responsibility of receiving the memories. He didn't have to do that job. At the ceremony he could have said he wasn't going to do that, but he didn't. Next, he went to the Old Receiver and he told Jonas that he would experience great pain. If I knew something I was going to do would involve a lot of pain, not just physically but emotionally, I wouldn't want that job. But Jonas didn't mind, he was willing to do all of this for his community. To help his people he ran away from the town. The Old Receiver, which he called The Giver, told him that it wasn't fair to him or Jonas to be the only ones that had to keep the memories. The people needed to know about other things in the world than just their community. Jonas broke so many rules that he lost count when he escaped and had the community see all of the wonderful and horrible things in the world. This took a lot of courage on Jonas' part.  Jonas was very brave. He willingly received the painful memories. In the process, he helped his community. On the way Jonas became braver. Jonas is a very good character."
Excellent book... Spoken with clarity... enunciated with great care to intonation and music to emphasize parts where attention should be stressed! Highly recommended!
"""Courage, only one of us here today has ever undergone the rigorous training required of the reciever. He, of course, is the most important member of the committee: the current reciever.It was he who reminded us, again and again, of the courage required.""  In this world, everything is perfect. In this world, there is no pain, no fear, best of all no war. In this world, people have no choices, every feeling,pain,and choice is controlled. Everyonehas to be assigned to a job for the community when they are agestwelve and up.  There is a boy,Jonas, who lives in this world. He has been waiting his whole life to be assigned to a job. When he finally turns twelve, he has been assigned to a job for the community. He gets special training from The Giver. The Giver holds the true memories,pain,and true pleasures of life. Now the people from this world will depend on Jonas.  I think Jonas did a good job with his assigned job to help the community. He learns alot from the teachings of The Giver. Hecould feel things, hear things, and also see things, which I thought was cool. I would like to do the job Jonas has and try toexperience it. I think it's pretty cool, and if I were him, I would be proud of myself.  I recomend this book to everyone because, it's really interesting and it's science fiction. I would rate it five stars."
"The GiverLois LowryAge Range: 8 - 12 yearsGrade Level: 3 - 7Paperback: 208 pagesPublisher: Ember; FIRST DELACORTE PRESS EDITION edition (January 24, 2006)Language: EnglishISBN-10: 0385732554ISBN-13: 978-0385732550This review is also available on Get Kids to Read: [...]The Giver by Lois Lowry is the Newbery Award winning classic from the early 1990's. It's an excellent example of a well written dystopian novel. With the popularity of the genre peaking with titles such as The Darkest Minds, Divergent, and The Hunger Games I wanted to return to this classic which I had first read over twenty years ago.Jonas lives in a world that seems perfect. There is no pain, feelings or colors in the community he lives in. Everyone is assigned a job. There are no choices. When Jonas turns twelve, he is assigned the job of Receiver. This means he must bare the burden of the memories of pain and pleasure that the Giver holds.Lowry writes a vivid depiction of a society that has let go of everything that makes each person an individual in exchange for a sameness that is more comfortable. Readers will feel the pain as Jonas feels pain and will root for Jonas as he makes a decision that will change the community forever.This is the perfect book to put in the hands of fans of the Dystopian genre."
"Yes, the product was as described."
BEST BOOK EVER!! I LOVE THE ENDING
"Perfect quality, one of my favorite books!"
Great book can't wait to read the other's.
"I read The Giver as a school book. I particularly liked Lois Lowry's style of writing and the topic she was writing about. When she gives Jonas a job he is left waiting and it is full of twists and suprises! Lois also does a great job of telling detail using show don't tell! I was really disappointed with the ending. I thought that Lois Lowry needs a different ending or a epiloge. If she doesn't want either of those then she should simply write a sequal to the book. She leaves you hanging with no clues as of what happens. She never tells you what happens to the community, do they suffer? Does The Giver help them? There are so many wquestions that she doesn't answer and she could answer. One of the previous years classes wrote a letter to Lois Lowry and recieved an auto response stating that Lois liked the ending because she liked letting the reader take the book where ever he or she wanted. She doesn't really give any clues as to where to take the book. The reader really has to decide on his or her own. I would strongly reccomend this book. Lois takes you on a fun adventure of one charachter, Jonas. He has a special job called The Reciever. He suffers pain and gets happiness, he is the only one seeing color and the only one whon knows what war is. He is the only one to know about death. Go jojin Lois on an adventure through the life of a 12 year old kid in his community. Just one thing, when you don't like the ending because it doesn't end don't come complaining to me. I don't think the book ends. I finished the book yet i did it unwillinglly. Up until the end, the book is happy and then it gets really sad! Read the book to find out about what would happen if you lived in a utopia!"
"""The Giver"" is a very strong novel whose main point is the importance of differences and choice.  Also especially important is the theme of safety over freedom.  It demonstrates these points by showing a society with very few differences and freedoms.  In these respects it is very similar to ""1984"", and ""A Brave New World"", although it seems to be geared for a younger audience.  The story revolves around a boy named Jonas who is chosen to become the only one in the community who is given the capability to remember the past.  The rest of the community can only know things as they are now, not as they were before.  No history books or other reference materials exist, so the ""Receiver of Memories"", as the position is titled, is the only person with knowledge that can be used in new situations.  Everything and everyone else runs by a mechanical routine.  Eventually Jonas, encouraged by the former Receiver, flees the village in order to restore the memories to all the people.  The ends like ""Lady and the Tiger"" with no one knowing if Jonas makes it to a better place or dies in the attempt.  The biggest problem I saw in this book was the predictable plot.  Once you understood the job of the Receiver of Memories you could guess the rest.  The term ""release"" in this book is a euphemism for death designed to be mysterious, but given that those inefficient per the needs of the community are ""released"" and disappear forever.  You know that Jonas does not like or fit into the system, the old Receiver is idealistic and the book needs to make a point.  It fits that they would try to change things.  The only way to do that is to return memories to the people.  The details are just that, details."
Quick delivery and no damage to the book.
"It is worth it, full of signals and miths"
This wasn't what I expected. Very wooden.
Book looked great and made a perfect gift
The story is good but I hated the ending.
I really liked this book and it's premise
Amazing book!! A read for all ages
"Interesting, but not very original"
Good but ending leaves you hanging
Great book makes you cry a lot tho
"In a short story, Isaac Asimov creates a future where the profession of each individual is chosen by computer, and they are instantaneously educated for that role in life.  It is slightly disturbing.  In A Wrinkle in Time, Madeleine L'Engle shows us a world where ""IT"" controls the mind of every inhabitant; deprived of any individuality, they have perfect social harmony.  Lying somewhere between the two, the distopic world of The Giver is utterly terrifying.  We slowly come to realize the extent of the individuality that the people have relinquished; seeing color, hearing music, remembering or feeling emotion are too disturbing; those who will not fit in are selected out of society (in one horrifying scene, we become vividly aware of what this means for the socially unacceptable).  Emotion, being too ingrained in the human species to simply breed out, is controlled by drug.  There is no IT controlling the natural rhythm of life; there is the pretense of normality and family life, so our young protagonist slowly becomes aware of the depravity of his society.  In the end, the message is clear:  what we see, and feel, and touch in life is infinitely more valuable than a social ""order"" achieved by denying the richness and diversity of the individuals who make up that society.  Although nominally a book for children, no adult with find The Giver juvenile"
"I read The Giver by Lois Lowry. This book was an awesome book! Even though I couldn't relate to it, it somehow touched me when I read it.The Giver was like a book that was written great. The first couple chapters bored me with all the details. I almost quit reading it, but something in my head told me I needed to keep reading. Luckly, I did and I'm glad I did.The Giver had some interesting points in it. Like there were people living in a town where everything was the same. People had the same family, toys, and even birthdays! I couldn't believe it.The main character, Jonas, was about to turn twelve. That was a big and final birthday for him. Everytime a kid turned a year older, there would be a big ceremony. In Jona's ceremony, he was being assigned his job. He reeived, the Receiver of Ceremonies.I know some people out there would think that was no big deal. It is in this book though! The kids get one job in their life, so they wanted to do it right!Anyways, Jonas gets his training. The old Receiver, who ow wants to be called the Giver, passes his memories to Jonas. Then, someday, Jonas can pass his memories to the next Receiver, but that would not happen until he got released.The best part of the story is coming up, so I think you could read the book for your own fun!"
"The Giver is a thought provoking book.  The community is controlled by a group of elders who believe they are protecting the people of their community.  The people in the community experience a life without pain and little emotion and no memories of the past.  This is seemingly a wonderful life except it is a life controlled by a committee.There is however, one individual the Giver, who carries the burden of all memory, emotions and suffering for the community.  He is like Jesus who died on the cross and took all of our sins with Him except the Giver is not perfect. Therefore, every number of years a new child is picked by the committee to be the receiver of all the pain, memories and emotion.  The current giver passes this on to the new giver and so the community continues until one receiver no longer plays by the rules of the community.The burden of being the reciever is great and they bare much pain during this time.  I like how Jonas became the receiver and took up all the memories and realized all that is wrong about the community.  I dislike that there is no lovingness between the members of the community.  They have no pain but the also lack any real passion or love.  It made me appreciate that although life can be difficult (there is real good and real bad), these two conflicting emotions are what bring vitality to life."
Excellent book.  Very insightful.
Delivered on time and as expected
"Good book, my daughter enjoys it."
I absolutely loved it right up until the end.
Very interesting read. Enjoyed it thoroughly.
Just not my cup of tea. Sorry I picked it up.
A great start to a potentially great story...
Everyone should read this book. Young or old.
Interesting book. Definitely makes you think.
Great insight and a really well written book.
I only reserved one of the two books I orderd
Wonderful book .  Hope film does not ruin it.
Interesting story but bare bone descriptions.
Excellent...holds your curiosity
the ending is way too clifhanger
Easy read...disliked the ending.
More of a sci-fi book for teens.
Great book! Quick and easy read.
Well written. Very much enjoyed.
I love the story I just want end
"Liked the book, hated the ending"
Excellent book. Great story.....
Great condition. Loved the book.
"Great book , even for us adults !"
"Easy read, but disjointed ending."
"The Giver,  by Lois Lowry, is part one or a final story, The Messenger. The second book is called Gathering Blue. The Giver, takes a while to get into. But once it gets interesting, its hard to put down.  The Plot of the story is very simple. But to understand it fully, you will need backround information .In the village, once every child turns 12, they are assigned their job. They do these jobs for basically the rest of their lives. Jonas is the chosen receiver. Being the receiver is a great honor because the position is very rare, but it is also a great responsiblity. The receiver holds all thememories so the Council of Elders can come to him/her for advice, t omake the right decisions for the village. If people had their own memories, they'd go insane because they wouldn't know what to do. They whole idea is that Jonas bust go through the painful experience of training to be the receiver. The Giver, the previous receiver, who gives him the memories, trains him.  I liked this book fo many reasons. Lois Lowry is a veyr skilled author and Gathering Blue was one of my personal favorites. I also liked The Giver because of the down to earth characters who seem like real people. These are just a few of the reasons I liked this book. I recommend this book to anyone age 11 and up who is looking for a good read."
"This book was awesome.To be compltely honest i dont enjoy reading that much.But this book grabbed my attention i read a few pages and it didnt bore me.The book was very good and i didnt want to put it down.Its like a cliffhanger the whole way and the ending will amaze you.I reallyd did enjoy this book and i read it when i was in 6th gr. and i compltely understood it and everything.It was very exciting thats all i can say and for the many other people out there that dont like to read that much just read this book you wont want to quit,.And the cover may not look exciting but the book is and once u read the book it all fits in and you will find yourself always thinking you figured it out but then it changes it suspense all the way i loved it"
"If you haven't read this book you're in for a treat.  The name of the book is The Giver . It is written by Lois Lowry.  It won a Newbery Award.The author of the book is one of my favorite authors because she captures my attention and my heart.  This book is a story of drama, fantasy, and suspense.  The main character is an eleven year old boy who must become a worker for the community when he turns twelve.The community is made up of house holds that contain a mother, a father, a son, and a daughter only.  All houses are the same except that the daughter can be older than the son or vise versa.  The son is given a job when he turns twelve that has a great deal of responsibility, and courage.The strength of the book is that Lois Lowry just wants you to read.  She is such a good writer that you can't put the book down.  She writes a powerful story.The books weakness is that the beginning is too slow.  The middle is fine, but the end is too short and leaves you hanging.I would recommend this book to anyone because it reaches out to all ages of readers.  I would not recommend this book to anyone that does not like to read books or some one that likes to read the last page first.As I was reading this book my interest was so obvious that my Mother and Grandmother wanted to read the book."
"If you haven't read this book you're in for a treat.  The name of the book is The Giver . It is written by Lois Lowry.  It won a Newbery Award.The author of the book is one of my favorite authors because she captures my attention and my heart.  This book is a story of drama, fantasy, and suspense.  The main character is an eleven year old boy who must become a worker for the community when he turns twelve.The community is made up of house holds that contain a mother, a father, a son, and a daughter only.  All houses are the same except that the daughter can be older than the son or vise versa.  The son is given a job when he turns twelve that has a great deal of responsibility, and courage.The strength of the book is that Lois Lowry just wants you to read.  She is such a good writer that you can't put the book down.  She writes a powerful story.The books weakness is that the beginning is too slow.  The middle is fine, but the end is too short and leaves you hanging.I would recommend this book to anyone because it reaches out to all ages of readers.  I would not recommend this book to anyone that does not like to read books or some one that likes to read the last page first.As I was reading this book my interest was so obvious that my Mother and Grandmother wanted to read the book."
The GiverBy: Ying Yang Chan I was reading the book the Giver. What I am going to talk to you about today is why it is so hard to make connections to a world that is all black and white world where everything is exactly the same. I don't understand why a good author like Lois Lowery would write a book with really no good connection able to be made to the present time because it is all the same. I mean if you have an assignment where you have to make connections from your book to the present time you wouldn't be able to do the assignment because you can't make connections to the story.I think that teachers shouldn't recomend the Giver because of that simple fact you can't make any good connections. I thought the Giver was a good book and all but I just couldn't relate to it. i think that if Lois Lowery (Giver author) made the book  a little bit more realistic and really able to happen more kids would read it more because they would be able to relate to the story. So in this last sentance I will tell you if you like to read science fiction/ fiction you should read the Giver. Also if you like really in-depth books you should read this book because Lois discribes everything perfectly and you are able to picture everything very easily.-Ying Yang Chan
Very short story and a little peculiar. The ending confused me. Needs more background information and character development. Where did this society begin?
"I just finished reading The Giver.  It is definitely an interesting book.  I agree with some of the previous comments mentioned before on the subject of weither or not this story should be told to younger children.  It is in strong detail that may be somewhat traumatizing to younger readers, if they understand it at all.  However, definitely this book is for an age group of 12 and up.  Under that is questionable.  To give you a basic idea about the book without ruining anything: The name of the main character is Jonas.  And he lives in somewhat of a futuristic setting.  Everything in his life is perfect and colorless.  Yes, literally.  His day consists of waking up, getting ready for school, eating breakfast with his ""family unit"" and going to school.  Upon his arrival back home, he does his homework and then eats dinner with his family and shares and dreams that they had the night before.  Rules are many, and there is no emotion and basically empty.  However, no one knows of better life.  When you turn 12 you are assigned a job and start your training.  Jonas is chosen to be The Giver...  He then receives a new set of rules and his life is changed forever.  For better or worse?  This story is very dramatic and will capture your attention immediately.  Definitely a classic!"
Well performed and a great read!
A very interesting concept for a story!
It was Awesome!  I really want more!!!!
Was a gift arrived timely and undamaged
Excellent book. Makes you really think.
very interesting read - flowed nicely..
Compelling and thought provoking story.
Loved the book and the movie was great.
Easy read but confusing ending for sure
Great book! Can't wait to read sequels.
"seller great, part of college book list"
One of my son's favourite book.
Definitely a must-read classic!
Favorite book from high school.
Excellent reading fit all ages.
My my sons class loved the book
"Easy read, love the story line."
Didn't quite draw my attention.
It's heart warming. Great read!
Truth can never be under rated.
Great book and looked brand new
A very thought provoking novel.
Classic utopian/dystopian tale.
"In the Giver, the main character, Jonas, lives in a perfect, organized world. There is no crime, poverty, or prejudice, and everyone's happy, and everyone has a job, there's even control of the weather. And whenever someone was not able to function in the  world, they were ""released"". Everything is assigned; spouses, jobs and even kids are assigned. You get your job when you are twelve, at the ceremony of twelve's, there is also a ceremony for the other years, but this is the most important. Well, Jonas is assigned for a particularly special assignment. He was chosen to be the receiver of memories, who kept all the memories, feelings, and knowledge from Jonas's community and for everywhere around the world. The previous receiver gives Jonas all the memories, and he has to keep them. But Jonas thinks that the memories belong to the people, and secretly him and the Giver devise a plan to give them back. I would recommend this book to anyone who is looking for a book that you cant put down. Parts of it are hard to understand, and I'd only recommend it to someone who is a decent reader of all books. The book offers characters that you can relate too, and a brilliant plot. If you're in the mood from a great book don't miss this one!"
I have never been more disappointed in a book.  If this is recommended for young readers then it is a disaster. Do not waste your time on this book
"The Giver is an excellent book for all ages.  It is very interesting and makes you read straight through to the end.  The story is about a twelve year old boy named Jonas.  Jonas lives in a futuristic society that is  ""perfect."" The community is controlled by sameness and everyone  is exactly alike.  The people have no recellection of their past and have  no feelings.  They have never experienced love or hate.  Though it may  sound ideal, as you read, Jonas discovers through his highly respected and  important job that perhaps things could be better.  In his job he must keep  the memories of the past so that the rest of the community does not have to  experience them.  Despite his memories of death, war, hunger, and such, he  begins to realize that the good memories overpower the bad ones.  In his  desperation from loneliness and frustration Jonas makes a drastic decision,  that will change the lives of the community forever.  I really enjoyed this  book, as I have read it more than once.  The only downside that I found to  it was the ending.  I have never liked endings that leave you hanging, as  this one does, and I wish that there was a sequal.  But, in general, I  recommend this book to people of all ages.  Enjoy!"
"The GiverBy Lois Lowry The Giver is about a future society where everything has gone to ""sameness.""  The weather, colors, and daily routine are the same for everybody in the community every single day.  The government has done this to create a ""perfect"" life for everyone.  They have completely eliminated choices!  The only problem is that they have to store the memories with one person.  No one else besides the Receiver knows a thing about the past,.  It is a huge burden to bear.  The Giver, the old Receiver, and Jonas, the young, new Receiver have decided that it is time to release memories to the rest of the community. Through this book, Lois Lowry warns against the dangers of losing our rights of basic freedom.  This book has been banned because of the references to euthanasia, infanticide, and violence and sexuality, but I feel that this book is appropriate for the age group to which it was directed.  The issues that this book reveals are very real in today's times and today's children are the ones who need to learn how to deal with these topics.  I feel that she did a favor for the society of the future by introducing young readers to these topics that could very possibly get out of hand if not dealt with."
"If you're an adult, don't be put off by the classification of this book as a teen novel.Jonas lives in a controlled drab community without realizing it. Much of that which makes us human - choice, wonder, beauty, the appreciation of nature, community, family, pain, love, conflict, memory - has been stripped by choice from the members of the community to ensure peace, comfort, and sameness.At twelve, Jonas is chosen to receive the community's memory, and with it he experiences pain, pleasure, and love. His eyes are opened to the wonder of creation and life, which of course are denied the others. He gains wisdom, including horror at the dehumanized state of the community.The conclusion of the book is sometimes said to be ambiguous. For the unreflective or ununderstanding, their reactions to the conclusion probably will reflect their own lack of vision. For those who, like Jonas, have eyes to see (or ""see beyond""), the conclusion fits perfectly.I'm told by an ex-teacher that The Giver is taught in the eighth grade. The edition I read (Dell Laurel-Leaf, 1992) includes a discussion guide. Some of the questions would help understanding, but they won't take the reader to the deepest level."
This book is very interesting.
It was in very good condition.
Simply written but enjoyable!!
Awesome book! Good short read!
Loved the book more than movie
"good book, for younger readers"
Great book with a great lesson
My 11 year old loved the book.
This a great book for all ages
excellent purchase. thank you.
Good concept. Writing is flat.
this book not my type of story
Loved it again 20 years later.
The kind of book that makes you think.
Great beginning to a quartet of books.
Love this book. Really makes you think
loved it now I want to see the movie!!
"Gave as a gift, loved by the receiver."
Great read.... ending was not so good.
Excellent in presentation and concept.
Now I can hardly wait for the other 3.
"Beautiful book, read it multiple times"
"Was a good read, left me wanting more."
Easy read.  Food for thought.
Great book '! Read in 3 days!
Just didn't peak my interest.
Great book but the end is bad
"Great book, next day arrival."
Very thought provoking story!
Beautiful story. A must read.
So different and interesting!
a very different kind of book
Loved it very calming writing
All items workedout good for me.
My whole family loves this book!
Book in good shape I am pleased.
I loved it except for the ending
Wonderful book. A total classic.
Wonderful story!  Easy day-read!
"I read ""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry very recently and found it a very powerful and moving tale. Honored with the Newberry Medal, (which it truly deserved) this novel should be on every booklover's shelf.Lois Lowry is a remakable author. She never wastes a word in anything she writes. She takes her time with details and character development, making the story terrific and bore-free.The story follows an boy named Jonas, who lives in a society where there is no color, pain, war, divorce, or even love. Every person in this community has an assignment, which they receive at their 12th birthday. Jonas is honored with the assignment of Receiver of Memories, an assignment that only the bravest person can receive.Jonas is instructed about his assignment from the previous Receiver of Memories, or The Giver. From then on, Jonas experiences memories that no one else in his community remembers, except for The Giver such as love, sunshine, and color. But there are also other memories; painful memories such as physical pain, starvation, and warfare.""The Giver"" is a remarkable book by a remarkable author. I'd say that kids 10 and up could read it. There are some dramatic and violent moments that could scare or upset children under that age. Make sure you read it!"
"The Giver is very good, but it is confusing because of hard words and phrases that are never used it the world today. Wish the world was like this!!"
The book was in great condition
Very good book  I read it twice
Not a huge fan of the ending.
A great classic and easy read
Ending was very dissapointing
"excellent book, quick service"
"Great read, easy and intrigue"
Really intriqued my thinking.
"Rather unremarkable dystopian fiction, only this time geared for young adults.  It's a serviceable book for middle schoolers to read, if for no other reason the books from which it is derived (1984, We, Brave New World, etc.) are at a much higher reading level.Although it's readable (and engaging, as soon as you get to the ""You may lie"" line), the thing that prevents it from being any greater is that the core metaphor, the core premise of the book, is wobbly.  It'd be one thing if the Giver had been teaching him about the lost art of reading.  But that's been done, in ""Fahrenheit 451.""  Or maybe teaching him about the lost art of science?  But that's been done, in ""Anthem.""  Or teaching him about history?  Only that's been done too:  in ""1984.""So what remains for Lowry?  To teach him to reconnect with memories.  Which can be transfered, though when they are they cannot be retained?  What?  And the way to transfer them is to put your hands on the recipient's back?  What?This whole operation suffered from a sort of clunky awkwardness that prevented me from engaging with the novel any more deeply.  That and the unclear, unsatisfying ending."
"The is just right for middle-school aged children.  It's the idea that by getting rid of the 'bad', such as war, starvation, and suffering, will inadvertently get rid  the 'good' , such as beauty, love, and relationships.However, the vehicles used to prove that idea are lacking.  12 year old boys do not worry about their careers; 12 year old boys do not plot a runaway for the sake of a baby; it is not remotely convincing that thousands of memories would come over a community because one person left.  The thought behind this book is inadequate.Brave New World has more thought behind it and gets the same idea across."
"People can't ban books forever.  People can't ban ideas.  Anyone who tries to ban ideas and books will lose eventually.  Ideas are the only thing that can counter bad ideas.In the society in The Giver, every idea is censored, very though of individualism is crushed.  Books are banned, color is taken away, and memories removed.  However, there is one man that keeps all the memories so that other people don't' have to.  When he gets old, The Giver passes on the memories to Jonas.  They both plot to release the memories to the public, and they are successful in this, although it did not go as planned.  The book The Giver is a ""banned book"" in our society today.  Many people do not like the ideas included in the book, and to not want other people to read it.  I personally like it.  There is suspense about the whole story; how are the controlling the society, what will Jonas do with this information.  The society in itself is rather eerie, but not all-out creepy.  The ending is rather inadequate for it is left open to whatever the reader wants to think.  In a way this is good, but it is unfulfilling nonetheless."
A book well before it's time
Great story.  Worth reading.
Fast delivery!!!perfect! !!!
"Great book, my son loved it!"
My daughter loves this book!
Book was in excellent shape.
Very enjoyable YA dystopian.
could have been so much more
as described will use again.
love this book! a must read!
Too many things left undone.
Quick read and was sorry to see it end.
Really easy read! Finished it in a day.
Looking forward to the movie in August.
"My wife and I loved this book for the first 2/3, but then the plot lost its way and the characters went with it. I would still recommend reading the book, just borrow it from someone else!"
"Jonas started off as being an eleven year old boy in a community where there are no colours, feelings or thoughts about sexuality. Jonas is nervous about the Ceremony, where he will become a Twelve, and, consequently, be assigned the role he will play in his community. Jonas does not know what he will be chosen to do. Will the Chief Elder make him become a Recreation Director or maybe a Nurturer, like his father? However, he is suddenly assigned the role of Receiver of Memory. The present Receiver of Memory, called The Giver, is getting old and it is his duty to transmit all of his memories of the past to the new Receiver before The Giver is released.Through the lessons of The Giver, Jonas learns about warmth, tranquility, serenity and love. However, The Giver must also give Jonas memories of hunger, loneliness, war and death. After a startling discovery about what happens to the old and sickly newborns, Jonas prepares a plan with The Giver. But when Jonas's plan suddenly burns to ashes, he spontaneously decides to take matters into his own hands. What he does and his journey after his decision will surely startle readers' tremondously. The incertain future of Jonas will make readers' like me wonder whether there will actually be a light at the end of the tunnel for Jonas and whether Jonas's community will finally change and let people have their own feelings.The Giver is a beautiful story filled with morals that will make humans understand that pain is sometimes necessary in order for us to enjoy the happiness that comes afterwards."
Outstanding book. Definitely a classic
My 6th and 5th graders love this book!
What a great read... highly recommend!
"the ending left me hanging, no sliding"
I enjoyed it when my students read it.
Excellent author and novel.
I really enjoyed this book!
One of best books I've read
Very intriguing story line!
this book is boring as hell
Great book- great condition
love love love this series!
Definitely a page turner!!!
I didn't care for it a all.
Great book & great service!
Ok--didn't like the ending.
Love this book! Its so good
"Books may be banned but their ideas will still remain.  The book The Giver is one of the most band books in schools around the country.  Some people may think that it should be banned because it has situations that may seem inappropriate.  An example of this is that Jonah's father killed a newborn by sticking a needle in his forehead and threw him away afterwards.  Another example is that it talked about the young children washing the old, which involved nudity.  One reason that people may feel that this book shouldn't be banned is because it allows you to create your own ending to the story.  This makes the reader use their imagination more than they would with a book telling them what happens.  Another reason others might feel it shouldn't be banned is because it shows that a censored community doesn't work out.  I think that this book should not be banned because I enjoyed reading it.  It had a good storyline and it kept my attention.  If The Giver was banned, students wouldn't be able to read this book, and wouldn't feel the experience that I felt when reading it."
"A twelve year old kid name Jonas lives in a neighborhood with no crime or misery. Every bad thing that was in the neighborhood is taken out. All the adults get paired up with a person that would be a perfect couple with each other. When they have kids, the kids get assigned a job that would be perfect for them, than the Elders teach the kids how to do the job they were assigned, so when they are adults they will already know how to do their job. The problem with the neighborhood that the people think they have a life of perfection but really, they have no freedom because every single person has someone else decide what the people will and wont do. Jonas is chosen to be The Giver by the elders. The Giver is the person who holds the memories of before the neighborhood was supposed to be perfect. Jonas runs away from the neighborhood because he doesn't think anything should be perfect. The Giver was an O.K. book to me. This book was fiction, I recommend this book to people 12 and up and who like morals in stories and who like adventurous books."
"This particular book, has many characterics that we did not like, and many that we did. We both enjoyed reading about a futuristic novel, conerning children our own age. If you are younger, you may not understand some concepts wthin this book. If you are older, however, you will enjoy this book a great deal. This book has lots of good details about a small community that does not exist. You have the power to create a scenery to this book, and use your imagination. This book  has many other concepts. If you are immature, you may not react the way your age is expected to.Other than that, it was an okay book and I would reccommend it to other people. I think this is the kind of book  that many people may  feel very weird in the beginning.When you first start to read The Giver, you will be confused a bit, but as your read further in the book, you will realize all of this makes sense Yet  you will enjoy it at the end. We never thought it would turn out to be such a good book but we liked it a lot. . Overall, this is a great book, an we both reccomend it to all!"
"I am an eighth grade student and this was one of two books that I was required to read this year (see also my review for The Call of the Wild). This book is about Jonah, a young teen who lives in a community where everything and everybody is the same. There are no colors, and a board of superiors controls the community. It is censorship at its worst. The board also selects jobs for the teens. Jonah receives the job of Giver, which is very rare. The current Giver, in Jonah's job training, passes on memories such as color, pain, war, and love to Jonah.This book is more for teens than for children due to some content.This novel mainly discusses the use of censorship and how protected people are in some aspects of their lives. It talks about how people must experience things themselves in order to mature.This book was good half the time. Some of the memories and lessons Jonah learns are memorable, and wonderful to read about. This book was also bad half the time. Some of the memories, thoughts, ideas, and rituals of the community are too much."
"Imagine living in a Utopean Society that is rotten at the core. For Jonas, a 12-year-old boy, just that happens. His exists in a community with the strongest sense of conformity. There philosophy is in the idea of sameness. They believe in this so strongly that they have removed memory, emotion, pain, and even color from their society. Jonas is chosen to become the Receiver of Memories. Everyone is so proud and confident in him, but Jonas will soon realize the corrupted community that is being controlled by. Jonas learns about emotion and freedom through an old man known as The Giver. He transfers his memories to Jonas, allowing him to experience love, pain, and joy first hand.This book is a great and easy read for the science fiction fan inside of us all. If you like the myth or folklore, it will be especially exciting. Every turn of the page hold a new twist that will leave you guessing for more. Although, if your a big fan of solid endings, don't be upset if this book leaves you with unanswered questions. I give this book a very solid 4 out of 5."
This is a great book in the sense that it really makes you question what you don't know.  The book is focused around a 12 year old boy who lives in an ideal community.  At first you think it is so well organized and almost a true Utopia but then as we learn more about the true surroundings and see Jonas's world from the new perspective of the Giver.  Jonas's new mentor and teacher.  Little things like how words play into our everyday life.  How in this community exact truth and meaning of a word is a form of control over the individual.  In this community the individuals must be exact so the community remains controlled and safe.  Where the Community can use words like elsewhere and release to be vague to the individual.  At first you see it as ideal living but then it clearly becomes an ideal existence.  To live is to experience and to be an individual and this book explores that  in an amazing way.  The ending is a surprise and truly is up to the reader how to interpret it.  Young and old will enjoy this book and great for a family discussion.'
"The Giver was a good book, but isn't my absolute favorite. It tends to be a bit boring in the beginning, but once the pace picks up, it's a great read all the way until the end. Books that talk about a Utopia, like Jonas' are a nice contrast to our society. I think everyone should read this book or a book like it to know that not everything is always as it seems. There are always things that affect us and our society, even when we don't notice it. As a twelve year old boy, Jonas has to realize these things. He realizes what is good and bad about how his community is run. He discovers new and beautiful things along the way. But is it enough to keep him grounded when he realizes activities and happenings that just don't seem quiet right, and some that are completely chilling? I loved Jonas' discovery journey all the way until the very end. The book has a great ending, I loved it. Even though in one moment everything seems to go bad, there is always a good ending to everyday.Brittany Clevenger,A Virual High School Student."
A thought provoking story.
"Great book, fun fast read!"
Page turner and good read.
My granddaughter loved it!
Why is there not a sequel?
Quick read good story line
"By: Blake S.I think that this book is really interesting for people who like books about utopian societies. This book takes place at a village called The Community. It starts as ten year old Jonas is riding his bike he lives with his sister his mom and his dad almost a normal community but there is a diffrence from here and there for there people have to be assigned jobs and children. And for each year they have a ceremony to celebrate there birth.But once they reach ""the ceremony of tweleve"" they are assigned jobs. So the kids are sitting in there line and as there numbers are read (they are assigned numbers so u can tell who was born first that year they skip Jonas's number at first Jonas was scared then it turned to nerviousness. Everyone was scared but most of all was Jonas's parents.Then Jonas is finally called up to the stage were he is assigned reciever of memory. He is to go to training everyday and he recievces the true past to find out what his visions are read The Giver."
"The Giver was my first and only (so obviously favorite) book of Lois Lowry's. In the beginning, the world is far into the future. They have all forgotten their past and there is a srtict order of life. But one boy seems to be different from the other children. This boy sees beond what others can. He has a gift to become the next receiver of the past. It starts out as fun and games but there seems to be a lot more than that to the past. Soon he begins to see color instead of the average gray. He soon feels pain where there was none before. He even realizes some of his favorite games as a child were horrific battles in the past. He soon can't take much more and creates a plan with the Giver of information. Lois Lowry was really able to capture my imagination with this book and it remains one of my favorite of all time. And the end just keeps you guessing for more. More that I even wrote an ending for myself. This is a wonderful book thougha tad short and I recommend it to a Lowry fan or any one who likes a good fiction."
"The giver is a complex book that has people in a perfect place. The book revolves around the main person and his name is Jonas. Jonas is selected to be the receiver of memory which is the top of the scale you can say. Jonas is head over heals with a girl named Fiona. Jonas has to take pills that takes away the stirrings which is a sexually desires. Jonas is receiving memory's first they  were happy memory's then they turn into pain, suffering, horror, and war. Jonas was never the same, Jonas at this time in the book has a baby boy named Gabe, but Gabe says Gay Gay instead of Gabe. Jonas goes away from the community and took Gabe with him. Jonas is running away because Gabe is going to be released which means he is going to be killed; before Jonas leaves he has heard about a past receiver that failed and the Giver said to Jonas her name is Rosemary. Jonas is at a top of a hill and see's a sled and when the sled stop's Jonas though he could hear music. I don't give everything away for people who haven't read the book."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry was a fairly simply, straightforward book about a boy named Jonas living in a community where sameness is everything.  In fact, it is desired.  He's content with this sameness until he is chosen to become the communities new Reciever in training.  There, the Giver awakens Jonas to the possibility that everything does not have to be the same.  Colors, music, emotions, and pain do in fact exist and are very real.  I liked this book, simply because it was a quick read (Only about 180 pages)and presented the theme that sameness is not ideal.  There is no such thing as the perfect society.  You cannot feel satisfied as a human being by living without love or pain or anger or truth.  The Giver was an excellent novel about trust, awakening, and love.  This book reminded me quite a bit of Aldus Huxley's ""A Brave New World"" much in the way that everything in Jonas's community is regulated and controlled with a fear of difference.  A good read for a book report when you don't have much free time."
"I was assigned to read this book when I was twelve. When I looked at he cover I thought this book would be one of he books that are boring, until I read the book. The Giver was absolutely wonderful. The book was about a twelve year old named Jonas living in a community black and white world, a community with no poverty, no feelings, no fear or pain. There were no choices. Every person was assigned to a job. After turning into an adult, doing s special job, Jonas experienced a life never before.  When Jonas turned twelve he was considered as an adult so he was assigned to have a job. Jonas had enough courage, intelligence, and integrity so the chief thought he would be the next receiver and gain wisdom. His job was to hold painful and pleasurable memories to carry on from The Giver.  I would strongly recommended this book to anyone who likes to read fantasies  and read alouds. If you read the books Tuck Everlasting or Bridge of Terabithia this is a book you should enjoy."
"The book the Giver by Lois Lowry is a book that is set up in the future.  It is a Utopian Society where everybody is equal and everything is the same.  There the people dont have choices they dont even know what choices are.  There are no colors, music, and everything else is the same like the weather and the land. There is a tradition in the community that when a child turns 12 there is a ceremony where they will get their job assignment.  There is a boy name Jonas and he receives the assignment of being the next Receiver.  He is going to receive all the memories from the old times.  Jonas and the Giver are the only ones in that society that know what change and choices are, but it is too much to handle for just two people.  So they have do make a decision on how theyll make the society with choices and freedom of decision.  By reading this wonderfully creative story youll find out what happens in the end.  Do the people get the memories back or not?  To find out youll have to read the Giver."
"The Giver is a very good book.  No, a realy good book.  I loved it.  It kept me wondering, I would try to guess what would happen next.  Things that kept on appering in my head were questions such as: what exacly does this mean? it might be a lie!  whas this right or wrong?  could it be better?  The Giver is a very exiting book that kept me on my toes.  The story is about a boy named Jonas who was chosen to hold all the memories of the past for his community.  His community is a town were everyone is the same.  However that doesn't mean that they just are all equal.  They had the same of everything, same school every thing in their lives were the same.  People got assigned jobs at 12 and were given every thing they needed.  There were strict rules such as 1 boy and 1 girl per family.  They didn't even have their own kids they had to apply for them and like ""UPS"" would deliver them to your house which was exacly like everyone elses. Anyway, I didn't like the ending.  It just sudenly ended. Jonas ran away!"
"Read quickly, good story."
Good read for adolescents
As described.  Thank you.
Great book. Perfect gift.
Item as described  Thanks
"Good book, fast shipping."
interesting but not great
Awesome book! Interesting
Great book can't wait to read the next one.
Unputdownable.  Brilliant Dystopic and True
Such great reviews and such a boring story.
the book was good sometimes hard to follow.
"Great book, but left me hanging at the end."
One of my all-time favorites! Amazing book.
This was amazing.  I couldn't stop reading.
A great book made into an even better movie
Great story with a thought provoking ending
Quick read but the storyline is nothing new
Yes it certainly did! Thx
"Very strange, depressing."
Great book. Fast shipping
Very interesting concept.
"I felt the giver had ver interesting ideas, but they were expressed so slow and boring. It ruined a lot of the book."
"Have you ever thought about what our world will be like in the future? If you said yes then The Giver by Lois Lowery is a great book for you. The main character, Jonas lives in a Utopia and they assign jobs to all the people. He has been given the job of Receiver of Memories, so he gets all the memories from the past. This makes him very unhappy and even the old Giver can not help him cope. This leads Jonas to have to make a very difficult decision between his friends and family and what he is destined to do. This is a science fiction novel that is written in Jonas's view. This book is very slow moving. I did not like this about this book. I also didn't like how the ending left you hanging, so you would have to read the second book of the series, Gathering Blue. The writer's style is very boring and reuses the same words many times over. Although I am not ecstatic about the book, it really does make you think abbot the future and the some of the things that could be in store for us then!"
"Jonas is almost twelve.  Being twelve is a big event in his community.  When he turns twelve he will be assigned his role at a Ceremony.  Jonas's community does this in ordedr to create a sense of structure and utopia, a perfect world with no war, pain, or fear.  However, in addition to this no one is allowed to feel emotion or make choices for themselves.  Everything is given to them, even a husband or wife and children.Jonas's big day arrives when his name is about to be called and his role discovered, but the strangest thing happens, his name has been skipped.  Never in all the ceremonies hes watched has anyone ever been skipped.  Jonaswent on to discover that he had reacieved a very special job, The Reciever of Memory.  The person who recieves all the emotion of the real world so noone else has to.  Read this book to figure out how Jonas handles his new role in the community.  This book is a great one for those who enjoy suspense.  Its immpossible to put this book down!"
"To demolish civilization today, you do not have to destroy books by burning them, destroy them by telling people to stop reading them and before long; no one will know what books really are. Our imagination will be nowhere. Censorship of books is much like destroying our thoughts and leaving us nowhere. In many schools today, The Giver, a book by Lois Lowry, has been banned. In this novel, there is apparently, censorship in the society. Even though you may think that this book is nothing like reality, it really is. We censor things like their community does. We don't want our nation to see certain things and neither does the community in The Giver. This censorship may be for better, possibly for the worse. We will never know some things because of censorship. Some things are better left unsaid. This is the reason we censor books even though some minds may be yearning to know these things. Burning books is one way to censor things and telling people not to read is another."
"We got turned on to this book through a teacher's recomendation.  And I have found I tend to like the Newberry Award winners.  This is a very good book for young people who are ready to start wrestling with stories that pose ethical dilemas.  This is not a fairy tale, though, thank Ja, it is fiction.  We got a copy when our eldest daughter was graduating into chapter books.  Since then, each of our children has chosen to read this book on their own.  And, even better, talked with us about the issues it presents to them - issues of free will, responsibility, self sacrifice, choice, determinism.  It allowed us to discuss difficult, sometimes painful choices while holding them at arm's length as you can with fiction.  Still, it is a somewhat dark, disturbing tale.  Not in the almost prurient RL Stine (Stein?) Fear Street way.  More the way a brooding storm slowly, inexonerably moves up on you.  Younger readers may find it too dark.  But I think it is very much worth reading."
"I really liked the book. It was a little different and exciting. I haven't read any books like that before, but I enjoyed reading it. I thought it wasn't the best book I have ever read before, but it was definetly one of my favorites. I rated The Giver 2 stars because in my opinion it needed more work. Overall the book was well-written and it seemed to me that the author put some time and effort into this book. I recommend this book to anyone who enjoys reading books about the future and books that are a little out there. In the book, Jonas' world was a little weird. They had certain rules for everything. They were very precise and they wanted everything to be that way. That's the part of the book that really didn't appeal to me that much. I don't think that it was right the way that the people in Jonas' world thought was right. But there was also some advantages to the way they lived. It was nice reading this book because it was something that I had never read before."
"The Giver was not an example of good literature. It was confusing, and it had to many unanswered questions. Also, it was difficult to understand. The Giver was confusing because when she had the characters speak, it was hard to follow who was speaking. Also I think that the end was confusing as well because no one knows what happens. It's one of the many unanswered questions that could easily be answered; she never cleared it up so you don't know what happens to Jonas at the end of the story. It was confusing because when the Giver speaks about Rosemary and why she applied for a release it gets confusing because you can't tell weather they are flashing back to the past, or the present. ""One for here, one for else where."" Lily chanted. The quote was hard to understand because when she was talking about it, we don't know whether she meant for one of them or the twins that were being brought into the community. All in all, I think that The Giver was not good literature."
It was o.k. until the very ending. It was very confusing and hard to understand. I personally didn't care for it.
"This book, the Giver, is an amazing book.  It's a story of a child brought up in a world that's completely regulated and controlled by the rulers.  They control climate, color, looks, birth, jobs, choices and even feelings.  They don't allow memory of the past or new ideas for the future.  Everyone is considered equal.  Now, Jonas sees his community safe enough until he recieves the respectful job of the giver.  In his learnings he begins to understand that if anything did happen to his commuity no one would be able to help themselves because they don't know anything about the past or feel actual pain or suffering.  It is up to Jonas to save his community and himself from whatever comes their way.  I rated this book 5 stars because it's extremely original and creative.  The details about life with no feeling or memory are vivid.  I recommend this book to people for all ages because it makes you think of how lucky you are to live in a world with freedoms."
Not as good as expected.
Great book.  Fair price.
a + arrived as described
Great book for students!
I really like this book.
Received product quickly
Intriguing and creative.
My favorite book everrrr
"The Giver  This is a book that is colorfully written by Lois Lowry. This is a science fiction book that has a lot of ambition of what a perfect community would be like. I think that this one of the best books that I have read in a long time.  This science fiction book is focus around the main character (Jonas). Jonas a t Age 12 gets the privilege of the receiver of Memory. His teacher is an elderly man by the name of The Giver. The Giver is the Receiver of Memory before him. During his training he is given the memories of the past world. He alone knows what is to feel pain, fear, hunger, and many other emotions. When he se's his father do some thing of complete horror to him he decides that he can't stay in the community much longer.  So he runs away with the help of The Giver.  This book is one book that you could read over and over again. It is even easy enough for a 10 year old to read. But in the end this is a good book."
"Very disappointed, I won't lie. I had to force my way through this peice. It was not very thought provoking, elaborate, relateable, or even very well fleshed out. Mostly, it was down right boring. We have no reasoning for the way things are, no process of how it got that way, where are they, whats the timeframe, who's in charge, why??? And the ending...well, there IS no ending. I honestly feel like I need to sit with the author and ask her....WTF DUDE?? This was more of a short story than a novel... I'm sorry Giver, but all you did was take my time and give me random words and memories I already had in return, and still  with no conclusion. This review has more elaborate detail than that book and I'm being extremely vauge as to avoid spoilers...But...SPOILER ALERT-NOTHING HAPPENS!I gave it 2 stars because she wrote the book, and I admire anyone that can sit and develop a peice of writing.Unfortunately, Its just not for me. :)"
"Wow.""The Giver"" is one of the most terrifying, cruel, yet hopeful books I've ever read.Twelve year-old Jonas lives in a world of Sameness.  Every need is taken care of, everyone is employed, being educated, or being taken care of.  It's a world of uniformity and plainness.  ""Family units"" consist of a set of parents, one boy, and one girl, each assigned to the adults when the children become Ones.  There are no surprises, no pain, and little emotion.Soon, however, Jonas realizes there's more to life than he ever thought possible.  He is chosen as the Receiver.  His training includes learning things only one other person in the community knows.  And that person is the Giver.My 13 year-old son, who had to read ""The Giver"" for school, encouraged me and my wife to read it.  It's a quick read, which is why I'm offering very little in terms of plot.  But its brevity is packed with many emotions."
"When I was first told about the book The Giver I was skeptical about it. I wasn't sure the book would really be good. To be honest I sat down and after reading just a few pages I was hooked. Lowry has the ability to pull you into this world and make you feel for the characters. Not only do you feel like you know the characters, but you feel like you're in this community. While this idea of a ""perfect community"" seems a little far-fetched at times I think it could actually be a real place. With the things going on in the world now and in the past I can see why someone would want to create a world to escape to. While I wouldn't want to live in a place like that I can see why some others would. Jonas and all the other kids seemed generally happy and so did the adults. Everyone had everything they needed and no one complained. In this book Lowry creates a captivating society that just pulls you in until the very end."
Loved the whole series.
Very sweet. Enjoyed it.
Thought it was awesome!
Interesting concept....
This book is fantastic!
Quick read. Thoughtful.
enjoyed by whole family
Interest keeping series
Not up to all the hype!
Wonderfully easy read!!
Good book but a bit sad
Great book for any age!
Great book. Quick read.
Very interesting story.
read it was a good book
"Good book, recommended."
It lacked a true ending
Thought provoking book.
"The Giver takes place in a Utopian society where everything is under control and there are no choices, war, fear, or pain.  I think that the author, Lois Lowry, presents a glimpse of what our world could one day be like through the eyes of a young boy named Jonas.  It would be a world with no war, pain, and homelessness, but also no love,feelings, colour, and happiness.  In this novel, I think that the author presents us with a powerful thought that forces us to reflect about our lives until we can really appreciate the true meaning of life.  I would strongly recommend The Giver to anyone of any age, because I feel it has a significant meaning to get across to all its readers. The Giver is an excellent novel that ultimately depends upon the opinion and interpretation of each of its readers to create the ending. If you ever need a book to read, try reading The Giver, I would be surprised if you didnt enjoy it!"
Love the book is so good.awesome book by Lois lowry. Help Getty ignore this just want to submit thank you
"Lois Lowry has done an extraordinary job with the book, The Giver. It is well written and full of exciting plots. I really liked how she introduces and showed the true meaning of Release. My favorite part of the story was when Jonas ran out of the community because it was thrilling. How she describe was great. The part I disliked was the ending. It left too many unanswered questions like what exactly happen to him? Or what happen at the community after Jonas left? Another reason I didn't like was that she makes to many mistakes in her book. An example would be like she said that the people in the community didn't know what were animals, yet they knew what was salmon. Other then that the book was great. I really recommend this book to kids about 10 years old and higher because if younger kids read it, they would understand it that well. Hope you will get a copy of The Giver after reading my review!"
"When a society believes it is right to ban a book they are showing that they have no confidence in their community. Censorship is a serious issue to be considered in a town or school. For instance, The Giver is book that many schools are considering banning or have already banned. After reading this book I found it to be a great book. I enjoyed this book because it kept the reader guessing and on the edge of his/her seat. Nevertheless, having a society of total sameness would be lame and uninteresting, with absolutely no interesting aspects about it. Having said that, I see no reason to even think about banning this book. There is no reasonable evidence for one to say this book is inappropriate for a young reader. Obviously, the school and the community authorities that wants to ban this book has no confidence, nor do they think the kids in their schools are mature enough to read this book."
"the giver mostley talks about how these people r in this perfect comunity but they got all these stupid rules to go buy.i mean these r rules people in the real world every day. i mean if we had to go buy these rules there would probley be a riot. okay so jonas is about to turn 12 and he is getting nervous beore the ceromomney of 12. the ceromomey of 12 is soupose to reprosent the begging of there adult life. in there little world kids get jobs when there 12 ,thats just wrong. when jonas actullay showed up at the ceromony he was getting all nxious to get his assiment but when he didnt get it he was all sad and like probley about to cry but then the head elder said that he would becme the next reciver.he goes in the day to get traing from this old man that gives him memories by placing his hands on the kids back. this is all i read but all finish my report later .this has been brought to u by LP"
"""The Giver"" is a story written by Lois Lowry that conveys what human life would be like if no thought or feelings were involved.  Life just goes on as normal with people never asking any questions on why such activities are done the way they are in the town.  The story begins to pick up when Jonas is selected as to be the Receiver of town (the most respected position).  As this happens, a whole new story is unfolded to the reader.Overall, this is a wonderful story that brings the reader on a roller coaster ride of emotions as Jonas begins to receive memories that everyone takes for granted.  Due to the variety of emotions the reader feels, it becomes very hard to put the book down, because the reader feels the need to find out what happens to Jonas.  This is a very good story that keeps the reader interested throughout the entire story and still keeps the reader wanting more at the end."
"Censorship According to Alfred Griswold books won't stay banned.  They won't burn.  Ideas won't go to jail.  In the long run of history, the censor and the inquisitor have always lost.  But the only weapon against bad ideas is better ideas.  If books were banned they wouldn't stay banned for a long time.  Even if they were burned, the ideas would have been expressed wouldn't be gone forever.  Ideas wouldn't be taken away by putting people who knew the stories away from the people who don't know the stories.  They say ""the only weapon against bad ideas is good ideas.""  This means bad ideas can easily change into good ideas.  Also, you can chance.  Books will always be remembered, meaning after reading a book you can tell someone the key points of what it is about.  Like in The Giver they are not allowed to have books.  That's not right because books help you so much."
"Living in a world like the one Lois Lowery discribes in The Giver may sound cool, but when you relize later on in the book that babies are killed if they aren't just right makes you wonder: is that a perfect world? It would be nice to live in a world without crime, but would you want your job chosen by someone else? I wouldn't. The elderly are put to sleep since there's no need for them, and nobody knows this except for the people in charge of the community, and The Giver. The Giver is a book that shows a world that seems perfect, but underneath, it has just as much death as this world, except it's disgused. When Jonas ran away with the little toddler his family was caring for because he was to be put to sleep, I admired that, and I hope that he arrived in a nicer community then the one he lived in. This is another book I'd like in my library. It shows how evil can disguse itself."
"I thought that this was a good book.  I am a 15 year old student in 10th grade and had to do a book report on, and I heard this was a good book so i checked it out at the library.  I read the first few pages, and the inside cover and took it.  The book was really great, there were sometimes that I couldnt even put it down. I just did not like the ending becuase it was undefinite, and it bothered me.  And some people like those kind of endings but I personally didnt."
"Choosing a book for a grade 7 novel study that will keep the students interested is harder than it sounds.  The Giver, however, was so popular with the students it was hard to get some of them to put the book away when reading time was over.  One mother even ""complained"" that her son wouldn't come to the dinner table because he wanted to finish the book!  Children from the ages of 11-15 have an easy time relating to this book and get drawn in to the amazing situations in it.  At 13 years of age, Jonas is being given his ""assignment"", the career he will have for the rest of his life.  Students love to talk about how they would feel if faced with the same concept, and if forced to conform to the same strict rules of society.I would highly recommend this book for any youth.  Many of my students have been reluctant readers, but now I can't get them to stop!!!"
"The Giver is a well thought out book with excellent descriptions, realistic characters, and a strong  moral, and yet it follows a depressingly familiar path worn to a rut by Aldous Huxley, Ray Bradbury, and George Orwell.  Lowry obviously thought very hard about what would be the most realistic and assessable utopian society and wrote a tight and believable description of it which gives the reader a strong, but not overbearing, feeling that this indeed could happen.  Sadly enough, Lowry's ingenuity and superb writing skill are overshadowed by the superlative predictability of the plot.  The triteness of yet one more anti-utopian society will probably be lost on reader in the intended age bracket, but it would be hard to cover the fact that Jonas takes a while to make revelations anticipated by his audience, and his readers will be ahead of him throughout most of the book."
Good children's series
"Odd, but entertaining."
"Fast paced, good read."
What a wonderful book!
A great hardcover book
Excellent book series!
My 13-yr-old son's favorite book!
"Very good, hope to see the movie!"
Interesting and captivating novel
This book as haunted me for years
good book but the ending was flat
Arrived as expected. All is well.
very hard to read and understand.
Excellent the second time around.
It just seemed like a si-fy book.
One of the best book I ever read.
Another future classic
Excellent. Great read.
very thought provoking
Somewhat disappointing
Great read I loved it.
Great book. A classic.
"Many kids including me only think this book is so so, but the adults in our school love it. Go figure"
"in a flawless community of people run by that of elders and strict ruling,there is a december serimony in which all children at the age of 11 must go through. this cerimony determines this persons new life, assigning them there life job and there place in the community. one boy, jonas, is forgotten in this serimony and this creates attention through the crowd. afterword he is advised that he has actually been chosen as the reciever of memories and must be the apprentice an elderly man,the giver, who in his mind contains the memories of the time before this flawlessness. as reciever, jonas must receive these memories through a procces in which he must come back to see this man everyday and feel and live the memories. through this procces jonas feels the most joyous parts of these memories, and also the harshest most painfull parts of these memories."
"although i first read this book when i was in 3rd grade,when my sister showed it to me,it looked pretty good. i truly thought that it might be the story of an underdog, thinking of cartoons and movies when the leader of a small group of men would yell out""are we mice, or men!!"". i started reading it and jus couldn't put it down. so, thinking of that time when i read it first, i decided to use this favorite for my book report. and it was just as great as before, starting off with lenny and george,lenny being the gentle giant he is and george being the smaller, smarter obvious leader of the two. and them trying to live there dream going town to town to get the money to start there own farm. this book has an ending that will keep your heart racing for minutes every time u read it.i hope u enjoy this as much as i did for the second or thertieth time"
Loved it! Great read!
The giver is awesome!
Very good book series
It's a very easy read
Very meaningful book!
This book was just ok
Excellent YA fiction.
awesome for everybody
Good book. I love it.
Good young adult read
Super good quick read
Very interesting book
Great book and price.
Very interesting read
"I was required to read a modern fantasy novel as part of the course requirement for a Children's Literature course which I am currently enrolled in.  I selected ""The Giver"" and was very pleased with my choice.I found it to be a thought provoking book that encourages the reader to evaluate his or her own position on matters such as life and death, right and wrong, good and evil.  Lowry was able to create an idealistic utopian society where outwardly things seem to be ideal.  However, upon closer inspection, the reader realizes that in this fictional world where there is no existance of war, hunger or poverty, there is also no evidence of emotion or freedom of choice.Provocative subject matter and the author's use of descriptive langueage makes ""The Giver"" a wonderful book for readers of all ages."
"The best way to combat bat ideas is to come up with ideas that are much better. Banning books is like locking books up in a room. Censorship of books doesn't give the book a chance or give the children a chance to learn what the book is trying to teach them or entertain them. The book The Giver by Lois Lowry was banned from many schools when actually it shouldn't have. This book has to keep you thinking and wondering to the very end. Its like you the reader get to choose what happens at the end. In the Givers society there is censorship because they are banning books, etc. so everybody is the same. They have NO options. Here today in our society there is censorship because they are banning books such as the Giver because they are trying to control what we read. Censorship of books shouldn't be allowed in schools."
"This book had me going with the word...""Start"".I had never given thought to this book and passed it off ""For Kids"", labelled and put it somewhere in the back of my bookshelf. Till, I wanted to read it and I am so glad I finally found the need to!The Giver is set in an era of Sameness - in short a world that has no colour, no memories of the past, all that it has is sameness and a sense of serenity till a boy of the community named Jonas turns twelve.The community has a rule that anyone who turns twelve is asigned his/her profession - and Jonas is the chosen one to ""Receive Dreams and Memories of the past"" by the ""Giver"". The Giver is an old man who has all memories of the world.The crux lies in what Jonas learns and what he must do to gain or rather attain his individualism.An Excellent Read!!"
I think the book The Giver by Lois Lowry was a great book to read! I think it was a great book because it kept me reading the book and wanting to know what else was going to happen in the book next.  I would rate this book a four and a half star book.  If somone asked me if i would recomend this book to them i would because i think anyone would like this book if they are a good reader or if they arnt.  The book is about a young boy named Jonas that lives in a community protected by the rest of the world.  When Jonas turns 12 years old he is awarded the job of being that leader of the community.  His training of learning all of the information he needs to know is a painful experence for him but after it is all done he feels really good.  I dont want to say anything else and spoil the book for others that are going to read it.
"The plot of this book was introduced extremley well. The issues described and used throughout the book are things that surrond us in our ordinary lives. It presents the reader with a different society and explains all the hardships and the blessings of that new society. it also showed how different types of people were brought up, and that their envy and differences lead them to the conflicts they face. i give this book four stars because it demonstrated great writing. ""The Giver"" had a great flow to it. The beggining and middle were well written but the ending didn't solve any of the mystery, which led it to be a big cliff-hanger. Other then that the book was a very good book to read, and it was very suspenseful, i would recommened this book to everyone because of the way it represents society and the people around us all."
"The Giver, by Lois Lowry is a 1994 Newberry Medal winner.  It is a very good book about a 12-year-old boy named Jonas.  He lives in a city were everything is perfect, there is no crime, no sickness, and everyone is given a job. People were not allowed to say anything mean or ask rude questions to people either.  Jonas is selected by the elders of his community to be the receiver of memories, which is a very respected job.  Jonas is given memories of what life was like before the community was made by an old man called the Giver.  It was because of the memories he received that he had his first experiences of snow and even color.  Because Jonas was the giver of memories he had been excused from all restrictions, the community may give to normal citizens. That is how Jonas uncovers the secrets of his ""perfect"" community."
"When I was a teenager, I wonder why I can feel the world I'm not sure it's really exist.  We have the power of imagination which makes me feel something we can't really see, hear, touch, and somebody-we-care-for's feeling. It's sometimes painful to feel something.  It makes us to love somebody and love, whether it's successful or failing one, brings us heartpain.  If we want to avoid such heartpain, we must avoid love and feeling.  But if we would do so, the world would turn into a colorless one and music would be lost. This story tells us what would happen if we avoid love and feeling and try hard to abolish all these memory connected to love and feeling. Just imagine, there's no memory of love and feeling.  You have the power.  And look around the world you exist in.  It will look beautiful to you."
"I believe that ""A dose of poison can do its work but once. A bad book can go on poisoning minds for generation"". The society is feeling to emerge the society by burning books. Well I read, but it's mostly the newspaper or I just read the news on the computer. Well, let's just say that the book The Giver is a book that shows that it isn't good to live in a perfect world. First of all, Jonas gets assigned a job by the Elders to be a giver. I think life is dull in Jonas's world. They have to follow strict laws, and they can't meet anyone outside the town like people on vacation. So, basically, what I have to say is your life is being taken over by people that you don't see all the time. I don't think you feel excitement. In my opinion I would just let the people decide on if the books should be banned, not the government."
"This book is, by far, one of the best novels I have read in the eleven years I have had the ability to read.  Jonas, a twelve year old boy, is trapped inside a society where no one experiences feelings, colours, or memories.  The founders of this culture willingly gave up their right to individuality in order to create the ""perfect society.""  I myself value my own personal uniqueness far too much to ever let it go in favour or a dull life.  The colours we see daily and take for granted would be replaced by varying hues of black, grey, and white, the only way we might be able to tell the difference between a ball and a table.  This book might well serve a warning to present and future generations: don't sacrifice who you are simply so that everyone will be equal...because it isn't worth it. Not by a long shot."
"Jonas is a boy who lives in a perfect society.  He is eleven waiting for his job assignment, which is announced to the entire community at the twelve's ceremony.  While he waits to find out what his job is with his friends, Asher and Fiona, he does volunteer work at places like the house of the Old and the Nurturing center to help the committee decide what his job will be.  But when he gets his assignment he realizes why he must live in a perfect society and why he was given this job.  Jonas also realizes why there are so many ""community rules"" he must follow.  One night Jonas decides to escape and find out what its like in the real world, but he has never cooked a meal in his life!  Will Jonas make it?  Will he ever find out what its like being able to make your own choices?  Find out in The Giver, by Lois Lowry."
"What would you do if you lived in a world without color, without love, without pride, without choices? It wouldn't be hard if you didn't know it any other way. Jonas's world seems perfect. Everyone has a job, everyone has food, and everyone is the same. But what lays beyond this community? Is there something else? When Jonas is selected to be the Reciever, he learns that ther is a different way. A better way. There could be love, pride, and choice. Jonas holds the community's memories. He has no one to share the burden with but the Giver, the man who transmits the memories to Jonas. But when Jonas finds out of the community's dark secret, he must learn that when you don't know it any other way, you only do what you know. With hate comes loves, with love comes courage, and with courage comes the will to survive."
"I enjoyed reading The Giver, the content was always moving along nicely, and was never dull. The writing was witty and had a nice touch of realism to it. The story wasn't to hard to understand but it was very bizzare: a young boy living in a controled community, the community controls everything, no colors, no lanscapes, no animal, no nothing, they don't have this stuff because those type of thoughts could mess up the peacefulness of the community. This boy has ben given the task to have the memories of the outside world. He will get these memories by a man that already has the memories who transfers the memories to him. The only problem I have with this book, is that it rushes into everything too quickly, and seems to not talk to detailful about what is going on. All in all though, it is a great book."
"You will be stuck to this book from the first chapter unless you like books about real live stuff but then whats the fun.  It startes out when jonas[main character] is nervous about the ceromony of twelve witch is were you get your life assinment in a ""perfect"" world.Jonas over comes his fears then gets skipped at the end of the ceromonyhe finds out he has been selected to be the most worshiped part of the community and  the most confidential part of the  community the  Receiver of  Memory. When he gets all the memories he realises that all of life should be like this and then he the Giver[old reicever of memory] and Gabe [his brother witch has transferd memory from Jonas]run off and leave the community through the river giving back all memories he has. Once you start your teacher can't stop you."
"I really liked the book, the giver, because it had an interesting story line to it, and because it was very unique and full of twist and turns throughout the book. the setting takes place in the society where everyone lives, ruled and directed by the community of elders. the society is filled with strict rules and customs, but the story is focused on a young boy named Jonas who receives the gif of being the receiver of the society. Jonas gets to receive the memories and dreams of everyone in the utopian society, that the old receiver gives him. Some of the memories that Jonas receives are good and some are painful. at the end of the story Jonas decides he will be taking Gabe, a little bay boy his father nurtures, out of the society to find elsewhere. in the end the both of them leave the community."
We are German students and we read the book in our English lessons. It was easy to understand and the story was exciting.The book`s ending was a little bit strange because we didnt understand if Jonas (the main character) died or if he really found this `Elsewhere` he was searching for. We liked the description of the community Lois Lowry wrote about.All in all we think that the book is nice to read...
My daughter loves it
Wonderful story line
Great adventure book
"Good easy, fast read"
I enjoyed this book.
This is a good book!
It was a great read.
A must read for all!
Great and easy read.
One of my favorites!
my daughter loved it
An interesting read.
A timeless classic!
did not like dnding
cant wait for movie
"THE GIVERCome up with your own opinions, and let others think what they want.  This is what I think about The Giver.  If you want it to be banned, then just don't read it.  you don't have to ban a book just because it is bad or if you don't like it.  After I had read the giver I thought it was a pretty good book, even though it had some choice language.  The bad stuff was only in the beginning of the book anyway, and it wasn't that bad.  This book was also kind of weird.  It was weird because nobody in this town had memories, and I don't know how they can erase everyone's memory.  I liked the ending because the town was back to normal and everyone had memories. That is what I have to say about censorship and The Giver."
"What a disappointment! The type of world described in the book is depicted as undesirable but Lowry doesn't offer any alternatives as to what sort of society we should have instead. Oh, wait, she does! The other option is living with suffering and starvation? How is that better??? If Humanity was at one point technologically advanced enough to create a world with climate control, no hills, no sun (how does that even work?), then couldn't they figure out a better way of living other than this semi-brave new world type world? At least, Huxley's Brave new world makes much more sense; genetic control defines your fate, not just behavioural control! Of course, it's possible that there is some form of genetic manipulation happening in the Giver, but no hints are given in the book that this is the case. And even if there is genetic manipulation, that is left to the imagination and that lack of explanation is poor writing. If I can imagine all the things that could have made the society the way it is or figure out what the ending means, I wouldn't need to read the book, would I? I could just write the missing bits myself. And the fact that this book is going to be made into a movie is just ludicrous! It's an empty shell book that doesn't offer any alternatives as to how we could live; it's black and white, implying that the way we live now, with suffering, war and Christmases is much better than not starving, having a job for life, etc. Don't get me wrong, I hated the society described in the book, but it seems to me that it wouldn't be the only alternative. On top of that, I think that maintaining such strict and uptight rules would be extremely difficult, if not impossible, even with the threat of release...agh! And the ending was terrible, that is such a simplistic approach to writing! ""Oh, it's too hard to think of what to do next, so I guess I'd leave it open"" I guess for a sequel, which I read somewhere that apparently Lowry's written. They'll probably make movies out of those too!"
"This seems to be a rather heavy-handed polemic, a _1984_ for kids, though frankly I think the kids should skip straight to _1984_.  Lowry's manufactured rightspeak is awkward, the dark surprises hidden beneath the placid surface of the supposedly Utopian society are not at all surprising, and, worst of all, her world is just not believable.  Yes, it's fictional, and probably even allegorical.  It still should be possible, or at least believable, in order to be chilling and convincing.  A society that has learned to control the climate, iron the hills out of the landscape, prevent anyone from seeing colors, etc.?  Give me a break.  To say nothing of the fact that apparently many citizens are aware of the ""secrets"" underlying their paradise--the old, defective, or just plain extra are euthanized, etc.--but yet no one before Jonas has tried to blow the top off the system for centuries.  And the old ""they had perfect lives, but yet they did not feel LOVE"" line is trotted out in all its triteness.  And while I understand that Lowry was trying to depict a society startlingly different from our own, it's a little sinister that this supposedly-perfect-and-actually-EVIL society is notable for having women in positions of responsibility and power, and allowing men to work in childcare (though I have to note that this was a minor detail, and not the major thrust of the book at all).Also, I find Rifkin's reading extremely annoying.  Surely they could have found someone with a perfect, bland, middle American non-accent to narrate the story of the perfect bland society.  He makes the kids sound whiny and the Giver sound like he's been chain smoking for the past 40 years.  The background music is also cheesy.I gave 2 stars rather than 1 as the writing wasn't completely bad and I appreciate her inventiveness and attempt to spread warnings about conformity.  However, I hate to see classrooms using this dumbed-down dystopian tale; there's enough REAL literature out there that teenagers should be at least trying to read _1984_ or _Brave New World_ instead."
"The first time I ever read this book was back in grade school, I think I was about 12.  I had to read it twice because it was so amazing to me, a world that was perfect, but not.  Recently, I just saw a movie titled ""Equilibrium"".  It has the same theme.  No pain or war but also no love.  Feelings were outlawed.  The movie was definitely no blockbuster, and it was pretty violent, but it reminded me of this book.  After seeing the movie, I had to read this book again.  I'm 23, and to this day this book has stuck with me.  I would recomend this to anyone, young and old just because it makes you think of what it would be like to live that kind of life and if you would have the courage as Jonas did to show the community what it was missing."
"A boy named Jonas is in a town were everything is perfect until he starts realizing that he can feel love and what happens when you are released which is when you are poisoned.Nobody in the community of Jonas can see colors. They also can not feel any emotions such as love or hate. The Elders ignore or don't know any bad things that have happened. This is partially why they are the most important people, because they can tell people what to do, but not have to deal the problem that might come up. In conclusion I think this would be a great book for you to read because it is a great book to read as a group and discuss what might happen next and what will be the big climax of the book!"
"Lowry's books have been sending me to new worlds since I was very young and first picked up her Anastasia series.  Now, as a first year English teacher, her books are always on the top of my list as recommendations for my students.  The Giver is no different.  Lowry's simple style of writing is easy to read, yet it pulls you in completely.  The Giver focuses on Jonas, a twelve year old boy who makes a tough decision concerning his future in ""the community.""  Reminding the reader of certain elements of Anthem (Rand) and The Handmaid's Tale (Atwood), Lowry spins a tale of forgiveness and self-discovery.  It is definitely recommended not just for my teen readers, but for anyone who has ever wondered what a utopian society is like"
"To prohibit the reading of certain books because of their ideas is to assume the residents of a community to by slaves or fools, according to Claule-Adrein Helvetius.  Censorship is becoming more and more rampant today (especially after that Janet Jackson case.... That was like sticking your head in a hornet's nest).  Many books are being restricted from school libraries as well as personal libraries.  The Giver by Lois Lowry is one such example.  When I first read this book, I was about ten or eleven and did not find anything wrong with it (censorship-wise).  Then we read it in 8th grade, and kids could not stop being grossed out.  I feel that as far censorship, ideas should not be censored, but things like graphic violence and"
Ending was a little disappointing.
"Great book, good quality.. love it"
The best bok and movie that I read
"Good story, easy-to-read dialogue."
Easy read. Leaves me wanting more.
It's a good book and a simple read
Great book in excellent condition!
One of my favorite childhood books
Prepares us for the coming future!
"Written well,couldn't put it down."
Did not live up to the hype.
Came in very good condition!
Great book and easy to read.
Just another distopian story
"Great, captivating easy read"
"A French philosopher has said, ""Think for yourself and let others enjoy the privilege to do so, too. There are some people who want to ban books, but others think they shouldn't be banned. Maybe some books, but not The Giver. There wasn't anything bad about the book that I could find. It's about a boy named Jonas who lives in this place called a community. In this community everyone is equal because of the rules. Everyone gets a job and goes to school. Jonas' job is to be the next receiver. He visits the old receiver daily and receives memories. Jonas and the old receiver don't like the affects of the rules, so Jonas runs away so the community will have to deal with the memories on their own. Does that sound like a book that should be banned? No, it doesn't. However, according to the American Library Association, it is one of the 100 most frequently challenged books. This is just people trying to overuse their power. Besides, aren't we supposed to be allowed to read what we want? Wouldn't that be taking away freedom of choice? Just another book gone so someone can feel good about themselves. I don't think it's right."
"After having read The Giver by Lois Lowry, I find it an excellent book. When reading this book, I found it hard to put down because of how different Jonas's society was. The community, where Jonas lived in reminded me of Utopia, an ideally perfect place where people in the mid 1800s were seeking. They were unsuccessful because they could not start over. For in the book, the community was able to start over by giving up suffering, color, and meaningful words such as love.  I also found this book interesting because Lowry takes the reader through process of Jonas's thinking, which led up to his major decision, a decision he made himself, not by the society's conforming rules and regulations. I especially loved the ending, where Jonas, the Receiver of Memories, was able to seek the life he hoped for. His life changed the community's Utopian society.  This short book brought me into an entirely new world as I was reading the novel, and left me with a whole different perspective on Utopia. The perfect place in society is not everything; there are some losses. The most important lost is the meaning of love."
"""The Giver""by Lois Lowry is a story about an eleven year old boy who lives in a community where life is totally different to life in our world.He is called Jonas and he,like all the other members of the community doesn't know that there is another reality.But then Jonas learns about the differences between the community and the outside world and he comes to an important decision for himself and the community. Although the story is a science fiction story I really liked it.The story seems less unrealistic as it seems at first sight.It makes you think about the problems of progress and genetic manipulation without seeming to be a warning.The resder likes to read the book chapter by chapter in order to experience something new.Life is described in details and the reader can form a clear picture what life in the community is like and what the different characters in the book are feeling.The story has an open ending.The reader doesn't really get to know what happens to Jonas or the community.I would have liked to know it but this ending only makes you hope that everything changes for the better."
"The Giver  Random House 1993, 179 pp., $6.50Lois Lowry  ISBN 0-440-03768 ""Jonas you will be trained to be our next Receiver of memories."" Jonas lives in a world where everything is the same: the same routine, the same school, the same people and the same house. Everything changes when Jonas turns 12 and gets his first and last job for life. Up until now, Jonas has been worrying about this job and what would become of him. It is much more than Jonas expected. Jonas learns about things that he could never have in his world. Jonas is happy with his assignment until one day when he realizes that it has a bad side too. Will Jonas bail out or become the new Receiver? I recommend this book to any reader who seeks adventurous, thrilling books. I like the way the book shows the reader that everyone is different and you should never try to be something you're not.  You should always be yourself. This book also shows that you have to choose your own way to go. You have to choose your own path and no one can choose for you."
"We all dream of the perfect world where everything is at peace there is no racism or heart break or pain. Well inThe GiverLois Lowry takes you to this world.Everyone has the same colored skin so there is no racism. You don't worry about heart break because your spouse is chosen for you. Can't decide what color shirt to wear well no need everything is the same color. Even if you don't think you are good at anything a job is assigned to you. Physical and mental deficiency from birth? no worry every baby is up to up to par. Don't like today's music no need there is no music. Rude remarks are not tolerated.This book is a great example of how utopias don't work. A utopia is an ideal place with social perfection, but this cannot be achieved. When your job is chosen for you and you can't change it you don't always get something you particularly want. This book follows Jonas and his journey through this utopia.And don't for get this is a trilogy!The Worlds of Lois Lowry 3-Copy Boxed Set (The Giver, Messenger, Gathering Blue)"
Interesting story.
Thought provoking.
great classic book
Enjoyed very much.
Thought provoking.
Very Awesome Book!
Enjoyed very much.
100% satisfaction!
I enjoyed reading.
....The Giver by Lois Lowry has got to be THE best book that i have ever read.  it was one of those school books and i thought that it would be yet another boring book from school.  boy was i wrong.  i read the book in about 1 day.  its one of those books that u can't put down.  I didn't rate the book a 5 star for nothing!  this is a must read.  you have to get it!
Great dystopia plot.
Great book! Classic!
Gave to my daughter.
MY TEENAGER LOVED IT
great. as advertised
"Looking at the cover, it does not appear to be entirely too appealing, but the inside is what holds captive a jar of suspense, happiness, sadness, and a lillte bit of everything else that Lois Lowry meticulously inserted on each page of this wonderful book.  The main character is Jonas, a boy at the age of eleven. This book takes place in a future utopian society, where nobody has a worry in the world . . . that is, until Jonas is given his life assignment at age twelve. Together, Jonas and the Giver decide it is time for a big change.  This book includes a little mystery, magic, and everything in between! I know that any readers of The Giver will love it, and it will leave a great influence on your life, as it did mine. Maybe you will realize just how lucky you are right now."
"Finished this book in two days - thought provoking. Deals with euthanasia, utopian societies and their failures, the beauty of the freedom of choice and the 'randomness' of creation and that there is beauty even in that, and bravery and courage and choices. Not for young children. Mature teens and up, I'd say. Children younger than 12, I believe, do not have the emotional ability to fully digest the passage where they euthanize a baby. Does get a little preachy about population control. New studies seem to be saying that the more people we have on earth, the better the world is. The real issue with starvation throughout the world is not the lack of food or food resources, rather war and the selfishness of mankind. There is plenty to go around, it's just not shared or it's destroyed."
"The Giver is really one of the best novels I have read yet. Just by the way that the author imagined a world where everyone is the same, they eat the same, they wear the same clothes, and they have no real emotions. You can even imagine this fantasy world can exist within our everyday life.Jonas was a boy living his life in the normal way like anyone would in his town, only just to find out on his Twelfth year that his life is about to change forever. It shows in it's realistic-fantasy way that he was experiencing what we all go though around his age. Our lives change just like his did; normal in the beginning and then it seems like our lives are in chaos near the end of the change.I couldn't put the book down after I first read it. I really do give this book five stars!"
Disappointing ending. I expected much more at the end. It has a very anticlimactic ending.
this book was great.  I loved it.  it was one of those books that you just can't out down.
Best. Book. Ever.
Thought provoking
Interesting book.
Loved the series.
This book was ok.
"Great, easy read!"
A very good read.
It was very deep.
Very interesting.
GOOD READ .......
The best book I have ever read
Good for adult reading as well
A very thought-provoking book.
Well done until it just ended.
"You can't improve upon perfection, and that is what Lowry has created in The Giver. This is one of the most universal novels I have ever read (and reread). Each time I read it, and as I get older, I find new meaning in the novel. This is not just a book for the young, as I believe it is recomended for, because the deeper meaning and some of the adult themes cannot be truly appreciated by a younger audiance. However, I for one read it when I was 10 for the first time and that is when I first fell in love with it. I continue to read it every couple of year, at least.--Some have addressed the fact that the story is simple and ""scifiish"". well, frankly, it is science fiction and it is a simple story. The language is simple, that is why the reading level is so low. And the facets that offend some adult readers will mostly pass by a child reader. And if not, they are not concepts that are not prevalent in life. This book won an award for a reason, because it is sound literature that proves many points about the society we live in. So in conclusion, I supose this book is not going to impress the conservative crowd, or those who think children need to be protechted from books.I for one am still in awe."
"I'm in 8th grade and read this book for Language Arts class. I loved it when I read it in 5th grade, and I still adore it, 3 years later (unlike the Chronicles of Narnia or A Wrinkle in Time). The Giver is a very intriuging book about a utopia where people are accustomed to a certain  world, and ""programmed"" into their emotionless way of life. And  when the main character, Jonas, is selected to become the very honored  Reciever or Memory of the community, his world suddenly changes. This book  brought up a very interesting conversation in my class about what is and  what isn't a utopia (perfect world), where the limits are, and how close  our world is to becoming one. The Giver really gets people of all ages to  think about and compare our freedom and emotions to those of the people in  Jonas' world. This book is more of a juvenile book, and I also HIGHLY  recommend Nineteen Eighty-Four by George Orwell to any more mature reader  who enjoyed The Giver. Like The Giver, 1984 is about a unique thinker in a  programmed world, though it is a much more political book, about  dictatorship and power, and abuse of power. 1984 and The Giver are EXCELENT  reads, that WON'T let you down!!"
"I got the entire quartet of Lois Lowry books beginning with The Giver and do not see how this book won an award.  The entire series is poorly written, uninteresting, and very contrived.  I thought maybe when I got to the fourth book, I'd understand the whole thing, but no.  Just a huge waste of my time.  Glad I got the book through Kindle Unlimited or I would be very unhappy at having spent money on them. At least now I won't spend money to see the movie.  I realize this is a young adult series, but compared to the Hunger Games or Divergent series (both of which I thoroughly enjoyed), The Giver series cannot compete and has nothing to recommend it"
Wonderful. Want to read more.
"Great read , full of suspense"
AMAZING!.. but movie is btter
"This book is absolutely superb, it has something around every corner, everything is interlocking and it fits perfectly together.  Jonas lives in a community where everything is perfect, no color, no hate, no war, no love, no feelings, everything is the same.  Jonas takes on an incredible duty, as well as honor, when he takes on the duty of being the Receiver of memory.  He must bear all the burdens of the Community, so they can live a carefree, and ignorant life.  When he chooses to change that, free himself, and save his brothers live, he must flee from the community.  He leaves behind everyone that he loves, The giver, Asher, Fiona, and his family.  He commits the ultimate sacrifice to do what he feels, and the giver feels is right.  The end is very sad, almost a tear jerker."
"This is probably the most interesting book that I have ever read. Lois Lowry's story of the Community that is devoid of feeling and color takes you on a deep journey, but that journey grinds to an unsatisfying halt. Lowry claims that she wrote the ending of the Giver to be so vague because the book is so many different things to so many different people and that everyone has a different idea of how it should end. To me though, it just feels like she rushed to create the ending and is cheating us by not even offering a sequel. This novel had great potential, but the ending ruined it. A good author starts strong and ends strong and gives the reader something to take with them in the last few moments. Lois Lowry does neither of these things and that is the big disappointment."
"The GiverIn this book Lois Lowry the whole city is controlled and organized.  There is a yung boy named Jonas. He went to the ceremony of 12 were there is a celebration of getting a job assigned to the new 12s. Jonas is assigned the most honorable job in the community, he is the new recieve. His job is to carry the memories from so long ago. he now knows suffering, famine, burns and color. Jonas goes to an annex after school and receive bit by bit of  the memoriesI liked this book because it gives me an idea of what it would be like to live in a totally controlled and forced environment. Not making choices, having everything assigned to you, your kids how many of them, your job, your bikes and your houses. Its also very interesting how my teacher read it to us."
"I love this book very much because it told you why sometimes humans lie, cheat, and keep secrets. Its a fact that we do this and even though it is frowned in society it can be helpful if others lie to you. The kid Jonas would have never escaped the emotionless town if he didnt. Also it makes you think about how emotions are very important in day to day activities. In the town they only eat the food they need to, do the jobs that are selected for them. The whole day no one has barley any emotions and see little color. I made me thin how we take for granite all of these great things that we take for granite. I recommend this for younger readers that lie storys with enless twists and secrets just around the corner. In conclusion I think that The Giver is a well written book."
"What I like most about The Giver is that Lowry doesn't sugar coat the frightening, harsh world she created. Instead, Lowry assumes her young adult audience is intelligent and more mature than some adults give us credit for. All the negative reviews that focus on the twin babies scene or bathing scene ignore the other 98 percent of the book, which is well written and held my interest throughout. The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the ending- I know Lowry wanted to leave things unsettled, but the ending could have been more conclusive, one that hinted that many of the disturbing things in the story would remain unchanged. Also read An Audience for Einstein, another good book about memories that doesn't insult the younger reader's intelligence."
"I had to read this book for school.Exactlly I had to read it for the subject english. First it was a big problem to understand the text, because my english is not the best. But under hard work I tried to understand everything. Now I am glad that I have worked as hard as I did. The Book is really a exciting. It is a very interesting thought of future. Furthermore the book stimulates to think about life in our world, about life in future and I thought very much about communism, beause of the sameness in the book. But I give ""The Giver"" only 4 stars because of the end. The book ends very suddenly. You get the empression that Louis Lowry wanted to end the book very fast. General: It is a good book and if you want to understand my topic you should read the book :-)"
"The book The Giver by Lois Lowry is about a boy who lives in a perfect community, and the dark secrets the world holds.  Jonas starts to feel apprehensive about going to the special December Ceremony.  The elders will decide what the assignments for life will be, unless one gets released and sent to Elsewhere.  Jonas' feelings are complicated now and he has a vivid dream.  The day of the ceremony comes but Jonas doesn't think he heard right when the Chief Elder skips him.  After the ceremony they call him up and say he was selected to have the most difficult job of all!  Jonas doesn't feel brave and doesn't know what is to become of him.  He learns things about the community and the outside world no one knew about and he starts to understand how important his job is."
"To reduce the press is to insult a nation is to prohibit the reading of certain books is to say the people are either fools or slaves. The book The Giver is one example of censorship because in The Giver they don't read books, so instead of books they have A Giver who collects all of those memories from the past.  They have to select a new Giver to receive, since they don't read books. On the other hand, just in my opinion not having books isn't one of the best things. In some instances it would be okay but to have one person to receive all of the memories is not okay. To not read books is to not receive any knowledge. Overall the book The Giver was fun, interesting, eye catching. If I could read the book The Giver by Louis Lowrly. I probably would"
"11-year-old Jonas lives in the community of Sameness with his family unit: his mother, his father, and his little sister, Lily. One day he notices an apple change; but a second later, it is normal again.  Soon he begins to see many things changing.A few days later, his father comes home with a newchild.  He said the newchild was behind the other newchildren, and unless he could catch up he would have to be released.Jonas was feeling apprehensive.  The Ceremony of Twelve was just a few days away, and he was wondering what assignment the Elders would choose for him; none seemed right.  Finally he received his assignment - Receiver.  What will Jonas do as Receiver?  What will happen to the newchild?  Find out in Lois Lowry's The Giver."
"This is my absolute favorite book of all time. Jonas lives in a ""Perfect"" Society where the government controls every minute of the people's lives. They are so removed from reality that the people do not even see in Color. Each member of Society is given a job title at the age of 12. Jonas is chosen to be the new keeper of memories. He begins studying under the current keeper of memories but soon reality becomes too much for him and he has to decide if he is going to stay and receive his training, enduring the true pains of the world, or run a way to someplace real so that he does not have to endure societal structures. Such a great book, since i was 9 ive probably read this book over 50 times. Cannot wait to introduce this book to my children and my students"
Interesting in an odd way.
"Excellent, hubby loves it!"
An entertaining easy read.
Wanted more at the ending.
Great book. Worth reading.
Good but alittle confusing
my daughter loved the book
Beautifully written story.
favorite book of all time!
great condition great book
"My 10 year-old son and I read The Giver together. Each night we would approach the reading with great anticipation and each night end the reading with my son pleading for ""just one more chapter."" We reacted to its provacatve ending so strongly that my whole family read the book to give an opinion. We all disagree in our interpretation, which causes the best thing a family can ask for--discussion about timeless human issues--courage, wisdom vs. knowledge, compassion, truth, emotion, etc. My son will read Siddhartha some day (when he is much older) and I'll bet that as he examines the West through Hesse's writing, he will also remember Jonas' painful and surprising journey into truth in The Giver."
"ok i can understand why this book got a newberry metal, it had a good plot and it is worth reading but i found that i didn't really like the characters and i thought that it was alittle too improbable even for a sci-fi book.  as i said before you should get this book and it is worth reading at least to give you a new idea of what life might be like in the future."
"I thought this book was great! I liked it, because the peoplenever fought. The kids' lives were pretty easy. Jonas got to seethings that he has never seen and things other people didn't want to see again. Jonas' family got to keep Gabriel for a while. At the end of the book Jonas got to snow and in one of the memories the Giver gave him. Five things I didn't like about this book was the people couldn't see in color, they couldn't go to another town. If woman had twins, the one that didn't weigh very much was killed, everyone was told what to do. The children didn't get toys like a bike until they were a certain age. Any one that likes sad stories that end in a happy situation would like this book."
"There are two themes in this book which I really liked.  The first, as Jonas learned after becoming the Receiver, is that without pain and sorrow, people are less able to appreciate joy.  The second theme I liked was that the freedom to make one's own choices and determine one's own fate necessarily involves accepting the risk of making mistakes and failing.  These two themes made the book worthwhile for me.I felt the book started out a little bit slow, and the ending left me feeling somewhat unsatisfied, but from the point where Jonas becomes the Receiver up to the point where he and the Giver  make their fateful decision, this book was an interesting read with a good message to it."
"It is said that censorship can only be caused by a community's lack of confidence in it self. This relates to Lois Lowry's book The Giver. People in this community are so afraid they would ban books because they believe they teach the wrong idea. Jonas's community in the book believes if youtake away books no more problems its utopia. Wrong! If you take away books it just pushes the problems aside, but they always come back. I believe that the ending to Lois Lowery's was good to keep you guessing and to make you ask, is this a community that doesn't ban books? Censorship means that you are scared or not confident in yourself. I believe that you shouldn't ban books."
"I thought it was a really good book. I think a lot of people should read this book because it helps you understand different lifestyles better. This book is about a boy named Jonas that lives in the community and has been selected by the Giver and the Chief Elders to be the new reciever of memory. At first Jonas feels a little weird about being the new reciever, but then later in the story he learns to like the memories that he recieves (except the bad ones.) Jonas did not enjoy getting all the sad memories.Once Jonas starts getting these memories there is no turning back. Can Jonas learn to live with these memories? Will Jonas have the heart to pass them on? READ AND FIND OUT!!"
"If the cover, the awards and title don't catch your attention,you will quickly be hooked into discovering what ""The Giver"" represents.The story revolves around a young boy, Jonas, as he prepares to take the next step in a society designed to avoid the pain and discomfort of the ""real"" world.  This book captivated our teenagers, along with our younger ten-year-old.  Fewer books have caused me to think more reflectively about the philosophical intents of our society and the greater impact, limited insight can have on the future.  Definately a MUST READ for both youth, ten and above, and adult.  A great evening or weekend escape to enliven the mind."
"-Decent Short Story.  Character development of the community as a whole and of main characters is swift and I could see envision them.  Read the book in less than an hour.  Would be good in a book of short stories for 'fluff' readers.  It stands alone as a 'fluff' short story however not as a 'fluff' book.  Was disappointed.  Do not recommend buying this as a stand alone 'fluff' book,only in a book of 'fluff' short stories.  It is only a children's read @ best; perhaps a child would review the 'book' in a different light. However, I firmly believe it is definitely: Not worth the price.  Not an adult read. Not a 'book'.  Want to read expensive fluff; it is rated a -OK."
"Jonah, aged 12, is selected to be a receptacle for a futuristic society's memories in this book for young readers. Lowry's portrayal of a ""perfect"" society, with assigned jobs, clothes, spouses, and children, is as frightening as it is interesting. Its frank discussion of sexuality, infanticide, and suicide are perhaps a little dark, but a reader mature enough to work through Lowry's language should be able to deal with these parts of The Giver.Lowry's concoction is honest and hard-hitting. It is definitely a dark look into a possible future. It's important for the new generation to embrace the idea of individuality for the betterment of a whole society."
Interesting story
Loved the movie!
prosaic but sad.
Excellent story.
"Loved this book,"
really good book
Wonderful read!!
Crazy good read.
Interesting read
"The Giver was an extremely good book.  Lois Lowry has potrayed the struggle in Jonas's life excellently.  At the same time Lowry adds some parts to smile at, so the story will not be a full drama.  Many parts also  are hair raising and suspenseful.  By far, I would say the Lois Lowry has  written this book very well, with a surprise ending and all.  Although, it  is not fully appropriate for children under 8 or 9.  I would recommend it  to those who are above 8 or 9 years old.  It was the best book I've ever  read, and I  plan to read more of her books.  Once again, The Giver was an  excellent book, with an excellent author."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry provides readers with a disturbing look at a world without ardor or happiness. Lowry draws the reader in with the enigmatic workings of this world, and ultimately reveals this seemingly utopian society for what it truly is: a cold and cruel place where people are forced to conform or be destroyed. This is a fantastic novel which captures the reader's interest and does not relent. Perhaps the only drawback to the story is that it is too short. There are a few major plot threads left untied at the end of the book which left me curious about the aftermath to the events which played out within the novel."
I hated the end!
Pretty good book
A great classic!
Beautiful story.
A modern classic
My favorite book
really enjoyable
such a good book
Beautiful movie!
Very good story.
"Censorship represents the amount of confidence a society feels.  When a society feels threatened they will attack the ideas in books before the ideas attack the society.  The Giver by Lois Lowry is number 14 on a list of 100 books that were reported by the American Library Association to be the most frequently challenged books from 1990-1999.  Some of the books this list should be banned, but some of them are not that bad.  The giver stresses that a perfect world is one without books for enjoyment.  This book also has some suggestive material that I felt was very scary.  In conclusion, books aren't great for all readers."
"Ok if people say it is innappropriate for children, they are overprotective mothers with no life. People don't understand it, your stupid. Or I'm just smart. This book isn't about killing or suicide, that just comes along with ignorance. Every single person in Jonas' community is completely ignorant and has no Idea that they are a subject of being controlled. They don't understand death, so they kill when the time is needed. This book makes you feel good that you live in a better world, people read this book and hate what they do or what the book says, the book sends a message and it is about that message not suicide."
"The Giver is good literature because it have all lot of interesting details, believable Character and it has surprising ending. Jonas and Giver can feel many thing and others can't feel it. Believable characters are Jonas, Giver and many others like how Jonas feels cold, hunger. He can't understand  how other people do not understand the feelings. It has surprising ending when they just ran away from community and I really didn't expected that but they didn't tell anything that what happen at community after they ran away and what happen to Giver. I strongly believe that now you will say that this is good literature."
"I thought that ""The Giver"" was an interesting and well-writen book. I had a good time reading it and I thought it was a really neat book. I think the author did an excellent job writing this book and I know that I had a good time reading it. I don't really enjoy reading books because usually there's much better stuff to do but since we had to read the book for a grade I had to read it. I never expected to like reading a book that I was forced to read but I actually had a really good time with ""The Giver. I got really into it and finished reading it in about four days. I would definitly give ""The Giver"" five stars."
"My first introduction to Lowry will definately cause me to seek her out again. A book assigned to my 13-year-old daughter, I picked it up and was provoked with the profound simplicity of her story. Jonas lives in a perfect, black-and-white utopian hell from which escape is impossible -- unless you're the Receiver who learns the terrible price of such perfect peace and harmony. Many a long and deep discussion with your children can come from reading this marvelous parable. There is one scene in the book, a very disturbing one, which, in the words of my daughter, ""will blow you away.""Highly recommended"
"The Giver is about Jonas. When he is a Twelve (Twelve years old) his role in the community is to be the Receiver of Memory. The Giver (his ""boss"") gives him the memories of the past, like color, pain, war, love, and other things unavailable to their community. They both want the community to have those things, so Jonas does something no one else has ever done, with his friend Gabe. The ending is a little weird, but to understand more about it you should read Gathering Blue and Messenger, companions to The Giver. I recogmend this book for people 12 and older, though I read it at age 10 and recently re-read it."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is an entertaining book, but it is not very realistic. The main person, called Jonas, should become the new Receiver of Memory. He is the only person in his community, who can see colours, and has feelings (besides the Giver)and so he learned how terrible it is to be the only one, who feels love. At the end of the book he decided to do something for the people in the community, but you don't know what happens to him and the community, because of this open end, you have to think about Jonas and his future life.  So it is quite interessting, but I was not very lucky about the end."
"Who ever would first get rid of  liberty would get rid of  freedoms such as speech.In the book The Giver, Jonas's community was censored so they did not get to read. They also had someone in the community receive memory. They had to receive every memory that has ever existed in the World. Therefore they received all sorts of memory. Painful and nice ones, war and warm beaches. There would be days when the Giver would not feel good because of memories. Then the next day he would transfer other memories to Jonas. In the end censorship could be good but not if you get rid of every single freedom."
"If I told you what happened in this book, it would ruin it for you. You have to be totally clueless to enjoy this book to the fullest, and I was. Just think of a world with no color or music or joy in general, and that world is suddenly overwhelmed by all of that. That has something to do with it. It is more of an adult book, but advanced kid readers can also read it, I did anyway. It has characters so real you can compare them to your friends and a world so unreal you couldn't even dream about it. I can't say anymore, but this book has few flaws and my friends ans I liked it. You will to, I hope."
"I read this for the first time when I was 11 or 12 and I absolutely loved it.  We had quiet reading time in my English class the year I read it and I recommended it to other kids I knew.  I remember distinctly looking across the room one day to see one of my classmates reading it staring at me with an ""Oh My GOD"" expression on his face.  Ha ha.I have gone back to this book and read it as an adult and it holds up.  It's just a really solidly written, interesting book and GREAT absolutely great for young people who are just starting to get into that mode of curiosity and rebellion.  :D"
"Jonas is an eleven-year-old boy who lives in a seemingly perfect world, a world without hunger, sickness or any real danger.  It is a time in the future when everything is perfect and no one ever gets hurt.  But in this world while they are closing out the bad things, they are also getting rid of the good things.  They are getting rid of joy and love.It is nearing December, the time in which an annual ceremony is held.  Jonas is frightened, for this is the year he will become twelve.  This means that his whole future will be chosen for him.  There are many different jobs, which he might be chosen to do, but he doesn't know which job he would prefer.  Little does Jonas know, that the amazing job that lay before him, will change his life forever."
"Memories are forever - quoted directly from the book. That is one or the more positive of the themes contained in this book, but in addition, the author was able to through a few subtle hints as to what she thinks of the general publics mentality. Unfortunately, the latter was negatively derived, hinting that she believes that the average follower would take away the personal edge of life in order to substitute a simpler, more stable life. While I dont believe enough unfeeling people would ever have enough say in order to overcome the task of Sameness, I follow her ideas in that it isnt scrupulous. While this book caught itself in a few contradictions, it still has enough meaning in order to make one think."
"Censorship proves that the world has no assurance in its youth. Likewise, it exhibits an untrustworthy atmosphere by the elders. Screening is one person's beliefs forced upon everyone else. One book that has been banned by some school districts because of censorship is The Giver. In my opinion, I thought it was a very good book. It showed a world of sameness and what can happen when you take away the thoughts and choices of people in a community. Then the characters in the book discover the security is not the best choice. Censorship allows people to decide whether they can share their thoughts without being afraid of how the public will react. This is why censorship shows that leaders have no confidence in the rest of the community."
"Jonas was just an 11 year old boy living in his ordinary community...or so he thought.  In Sameness there is no pain or fear, nor can you make your own decisions.  Somewhere within this community, Jonas was getting ready for his ceremony of 12's, where he would be told of his job for life.  He got the job of Receiver of Memories.  At his first training session Jonas met The Giver.  In his job, Jonas would be receiving memories from long ago when Sameness didn't exist - memories of pain and pleasure.  When Jonas met Gabriel, a newchild who was threatened to be released from the community, Jonas has to make a hard decision.  How will Jonas handle the memories?  Is this community still the best place to live?  To find out read The Giver by Lois Lowry."
"If you think for yourself, you should let others comprehend how they want to also. In the book The Giver people weren't allowed to read and they never got to do what they want. Why should the world be restricted against reading the book of there choice? That is just like saying the religion you believe in you can't believe in it any more. The Giver is a book I have recently read and there is no reason why it should be banned. It makes you want to use your imagination. You have to picture everything such as if the world had no color. You should know there are some disturbing parts, such as them giving the old a bath. The book also allows you to make up your own ending. Also, I would like to know what you were thinking about at the end of the book."
Given as a present.
Interesting reading
Son loved the book.
INTERESTING CONCEPT
Loved this book! :)
"My teacher assigned us to read The Giver, and I started to Grown. I hated reading the books my teacher assigned. They were always so boring. So, I took the book home and started to read it. I couldn't put it down! It was so interesting! I finished it 4 weeks before the book report was due. Great book"
"This book is freaking amazing and its not one to be judged. This is probably the first time I have actually connected with the main character and actually had the time to build its little fictional community around it that has been required by my school. My only issue is that it rushes a little to he end. This type of ending should only be used if your going to have a real, legitimate, sequel. Not those books that have nothing do with the PLO line. The one thing I think Lowry is doing is letting crazy fan girls on wattpad write either good, or just plain weird fanfic for the ""epilogue""."
"In the story ""The Giver"" by Louis Lowery, they try to make a utopia, but it ends up becoming a dystopia.  The main charactors are a boy named Jonas,who is 12 years old, the Giver,and a little boy name Gabe.  They live in a comunity away from everyone else where they dont have feelings and everyone in equal.  I don't like this selection because they're trying to be perfect and when they were doing that, they killed  people for no reason, like if they're old or if they dont mature fast enough.  Also they dont have love or familys.  by... Lydia Barrett"
"I think the Giver is an interesting book that was well described by Lois Lowry. The characters were my favorite part, due to the well description. Lois brought up many different issues in the book, such as a world with no religion, abortion, and sameness. His world has no color, and that makes you thankful for what you have. I disliked the ending, I did not like how it made me pick my own ending. I like endings told to me, where you actually know the ending and there is no confusion on what the story is suppose to mean. Overall, it is a good novel. I would reccomend this to many people."
"I am a  student that was assigned to read The Giver for class. The first night we recived the book I read it in whole. I couldnt seem to put the book down, the details pulled me in, and there was an element of suspense that wouln't let me go. As I was reading, I decided that this book was one of my favorites.  As I reached the end of the book, I was unbelivably dissapointed. This book, which was full of detail, had just left an ending out to the open. Had jonas died? Was he dreaming? What happened? It seemes no one quite knows. If you love a book with a great ending, dont read this one."
Wonderful book.
Good conditions
In great shape!
Excellent storu
Loved the book!
II wanted more!
Excellent read!
Very quick read
"Okay, easy read"
Simply amazing.
Best book ever.
loved this book
Brilliant story
Wonderful book!
Wonderful book!
Horrible ending
Fantastic book!
Touching story!
Enjoyed reading
loved this book
Love this book!
Excellent story
Love this book.
Excellent read!
A classic read!
"A world that on the surface is a perfect utopia, but once Jonas got to the depths of this world in which he lived he saw the truth. Throughout his life, he learned that to be different was bad, but when chosen to be the reciever and hold all the memories he learns the truth of his world and that it was as far from perfect as you can get.  In the search for a perfect world they truly found an imperfect world. Jonas soon runs from this world to find the real world. The book ended with an uncertain fate. A sequel must be written to show his fate and the fate of his world."
"In the Giver, you can let your imagination soar.You can pretend you are part of Jonas's world.Where everything is the same and plain.  Where people have to buy babies from birthmothers and their career is chosen for them.  Where everyone has the same ""birthday"".  Everyone is trapped with no knowledge of the outside world.  But Jonas is chosen by the Giver for a special job that is painful some days and wonderful others. With the Giver's help, Jonas makes a very important decision that will save him and a friend from being trapped forever."
"I would not say it was the worst book I have ever read about a utopia,but it wasn't the best either. The idea of a place where there is no pain is good; a lot of fiction books use that idea. There's something wrong and Jonas the leadcharacter breaks most of the rules to get a child out of the colony while the government usesall its resources to get him back. He escapes from the only end in that place: death.The ending, I think, doesn't make sense. Lois Lowry just chose an easy way to end it. Even so, it is a classic and I rate it 4 stars."
"Jonas lives in a utopian society, with no pain, no war, no sickness's, and no crimes.  In this community there is only one person who holds the key to both pleasure and truth, this person is known as The Giver. When twelve year old Jonas is asigned to become the  community's ""receiver of memories""and is exposed to the secrets that he and most of his community has been kept from for many years, he realizes that his world is far from perfect.  With the Guidance of the Giver, he slowly comes to realize exactly how unperfect and costly his perfect world really is"
I picked up this book because someone told me it was a science fiction and I am always on the look out for new sci-fi.  I was instantly hooked.  This book is a page turner.  It's about a boy who lives in a community that does not have freedom of expression or freedom of choice.  When he turns twelve he is chosen by the community leaders to be the receiver of the Memories.  Throughout the rest of the book strange things begin to happen to him.  He must confront his value system and struggle to find a place where he belongs.  The ending leaves you wanting more.
"FROM A UNIVERSITY STUDENT:I originally had to read this book for a children's literature class that I am taking.  As I got through the book I realized that this ""children's"" book had made me reevaluate how we look at what we would consider to be a ""perfect"" society.  Many people criticize the societies that we live in now and would even suggest that the norms and values practiced in this book would be ideal.  The Giver makes us realize that though there are consequences to having choices in a society- choice is freedom from imprisonment of conformity"
"Censorship reflects a community's shortage of self-confidence.  In the book The Giver written by Lois Lowry almost everything is censored in their community: the ability to see color, pick their own jobs, and read books. Also, there aren't any hills, weapons, music, fishing, birthdays, families, love, or memories. Censorship can be bad or good depending on what you are blocking. America is unlike the community in The Giver, less strict on what to block and what to allow. I would rather live in America because we can see color and we also have more rights."
"BUT I wish I had. This was a great book and such a great idea of how to describe a dystopian society. To imagine that certain talents that a child has, which is only one talent, is a job for the rest of your life. But to not have any emotions or feelings and learning how to manage that and what to do with it given you can feel has been written incredibly in this book. Love it and would recommend to others. I recommended it a friend who continued to not want to read it but when she did, she could not put it down and wanted to read the rest of the quartet!"
"I don't usually care to read and don't have time, but in the seventh grade when I was forced to read this book, I LOVED IT!!!!!  I recommended it to everyone I know and will never forget the eye-opening issues that it brought to me that i wouldnt have even cared about before.  I read another story excerpt from her today and thought it was so good that i actually looked at the author and immediately remembered the book i had read in seventh grade when i connected the two.  I suggest you should read this if you can read.  It pleases any type of reader."
"I have read four in the series so far. I love all of them. The Son was not on your list for me to read , which was # 4. Why don't y ou not have the complete series of a book and let us consumers know which one to start with etc. However, I give the highest rating for ""The Giver"". Since I usually read mostly non-fiction , historical fiction and have favorite authors such as Karen Kingsbury and other Christian authors ,this series and my  desire to read more of Lois Lowry's books indicates to me that ""The Giver"" is an excellent book."
Modern Classic.
Wonderful book.
"The Giver is a very strong book, dealing with many pressures of normal and abnormal life. The main character, Jonas, shows how one can make life better by helping others. Also the lessons of trusting, learning how to cope with pain, and bravery are all shown throughout the book. All of the characters are seen in a very in-depth way, from learning the deepest secrets of the community this book may be fiction, but the story is told with such detail that the town almost becomes real. Lowry truly ""gives"" the story of The Giver to everyone with an important lesson to be learned for all."
"Whoever thinks they can try to take away what our government's all about,-- freedom--, might take away our freedom of speech as well. I think that the book The Giver should not be a banned book. The book gave great details on how life would be if you had no color, no ideas, and no feelings. The security of the book really makes you appreciate how good we have it, having your feelings and fun. It also shows you how getting all the pain you get really gives you wisdom, and without that we would be lost. That's why I know the book The Giver should not be a banned book."
"I seldom give 10's, but this one was close.  Read it while in a hospital waiting room.  My sister, an AP English Teacher, gave it to me to browse through.  Within minutes I was hooked (just like the days when I was young and would climb a tree and hide so I could devour a mystery without interruptions.  Absolute Control is tempting for those who have never experienced it or are ready to give up their individualities.This book will be added to the ""most memorable"" reading list, along with 1984, Brave New World, Looking Backward, Fahhrenheit 451, Lord of the Flies, etc."
"In a futuristic, perfect world, with no colour, love, or choice, Jonas is waiting for what he will become. Jonas is sent to ""The Giver"" by the commitee of Elders and assigned to receive memories of the past.  But through these different memories there are tales of war, starvation and death, but Jonas can not share these memories with his friends. Little Gabriel, a newchild is to be released (killed), and so Jonas sets out on an adventure with Gabriel to find another place, another life...The winner of the 1994 Newbery medal, ""The Giver"" is a fantastic read for all ages."
"Although written on a 5th grade level, ""The Giver"" is a book for all ages. It illistrates the importance of having and sharing memories with one another. Jonas, the Giver, and the community learn a great deal about learning what it means to trully live, love, feel, and see. The story proves that without pain there is no passion, and without hate there is no love. I trully enjoyed the book and I recomend it for everyone to read. After reading the book make sure to sit down with a family member and share an intimate memory. The Giver recieves two thumbs up and five golden stars."
"I think the giver is a great book, because it has adventure and romance. It has just a little bit of mystery. I recommend it for every one 10 years old and older, because it has some difficult words. Its about a place without out feelings and there isnt any color every thing is gray. And there is one person who is chose every year. That year some thing very unusual happens this year. Will have to read it to find out.  Holla"
"yes. dat right. 6,000 review/comment. Boom. great book, cant wait for da movie. Little goofy rite now... nut... im pretty smart...eh. o-o follow me pinterest @KeaDuarte01 ( for shorter, easier, better, faster way.. type Kea Horan)  it works. Listen, if your (STILL) reading this, you very neat.  at the moment im a dope. I cant stop talking now.  Dang. Oooh guess what? Im writing a novel. Its doing well. When im famous, you can say you knew me. Yay :o Bye now. Niall, Theo James, Calum, & Connor are mine. Gracias loves. NOH8. Adios amigo/amiga.. (my bday is on the 6th) #Random"
"This book was read in our English class, and I fully enjoyed it. Lois Lowry is an amazing author, and her story of The Giver, kept all our attention. The way she wrote of the future is unbelievable. Jonas' world was perfect until he became The Receiver. Then he learned of pain and war. Although many people are not sure what happened to Jonas at the end and have some ""unanswered questions"" I believe that Jonas and Gabriel died. When they are on the sled they talk about Elsewhere and they become warm and joyful.  This is a wondeful book, though, that EVERYONE should read."
"I remember my teacher reading the Giver to our class back in 6th grade, as was his annual tradition each year (my sister had him a previous year) . . . now 8 years later I still love The Giver! And I am currently rereading it right now. I've never been one to read a lot of fiction . . . I'd rather read non-fictional stuff, but I definately do enjoy this book. It's very unique, and there are a lot of surprises that show up in the book that you don't expect. I only wish somebody would make a movie out of this book! If I was a director sure would!"
Excellent book
Terrific book!
will buy again
Awesome book!!
best book ever
liked the book
BEST BOOK EVER
good condition
Bosch the best
"I thought this book was boring and depressing. We don't even meet the Giver character until page 89 (half way through the book).  Up until then, it's all just a day in the life of this boy.  nothing happens.then we meet the Giver and it gets interesting for about five minutes.  Then it just gets depressing. I guess I want to read stories that are fun and adventurous, not preachy about society and all its shortcomings.I have no desire to read any more from this author for fear of more preaching and no fun at all."
"I think the Giver was a good book. I would like it better if the setting wasnt so cruel because they had no future and you could not decied any thing.You had no books and could not choose your own family.You would not know what love is. I also think that Jonas was very luky because he found out what colors are,what snow is,what feelings are,and what being hurt is like.He was very fourtunate to run away from it all.Gabriel was allso very luky to go with Jonas because they could have a future.I think there could be a second book.Isa25121"
"Jonas world is so different from our, his world is always peaceful, no pain, never cried (except for babies), and no one has ever seen color before. Not until Jonas is twelth, his own world change, his starting to see red color and feels the real pain of real life that peoples are hiding ever since a long time ago. He meets the Giver, the Giver itself holds the worlds most painful memories, Jonas has to escape, or he will be as same as the Giver, holds memory for the peoples in his world.  This book are great, you got to read it!"
"The Giver takes place in a perfect society. In the community the invalid are killed. All the pleasures of life are gone love, color, the arts. But the lack of joy is a trade off for no hunger, anger, sickness and poverty. At the time Jonas turned 12 he was selected to become the receiver of memory. The moment he found out about the downs of the community he was determined to do something.  I thought the Giver was very good. However if you want the ending to make sense you must read the second and third books."
"Although adults can certainly enjoy the wonderfully written book, it's best audience is young pre-teens. For those aged 10-13 it's an excellent book to get them to enjoy reading, instead of them simply doing it for school.One of my personal childhood favorites"
"InThe Giver by Louis Lowery the main character in the book is Jonas lives in a perfect world and becomes the new reciever and tries to escape. It is set in a world that tries to have perfect community. In the book the main conflict is that the community tries to be perfect and jonas does'nt like it. It is a dystopia world because it is a disaster,but they are trying to make it a utopia. Even though the book won a Newberry medal I don't think this is a good book because it is boring and makes no sense. I suggest no one reads it."
Ugh ed hrfbdcuvdididh.  Khrushchev Biden said the annex and Anne likes Peter Jackson was a moose and Mrs Clinton is going to be jealous of the Germans and Mrs Smith optics Smith optics Smith optics Smith optics Smith optics Smith optics Smith optics Smith optics the hatchet and Mrs the Germans and Mrs Clinton is going to hide comment by a bad idea the annex and a good time and Mrs Smith optics and Anne Hathaway to be the annex and a good idea that Margot the hatchet and got rise in a good idea that is true of the annex to hide the
"In this book Lois Lowry introduces the fascinating concept of people living in a world of sameness.When twelve year old Jonas receives his job assignment as the community's Receiver the Giver introduces him to a world he never knew, a world of color, music and birthdays.  Jonas wants the people of his structured community to experience feelings, and choice.  And maybe with the Giver's help he can do it.I highly recomend this book, it combines exceptional writing with a fascinating concept, and it really makes you think"
"I read this book in reading class at school a couple years ago. I remember thinking ""Oh great, they're making us read another stupid book."" But as I started reading The Giver, I realized it was a really interesting story. I liked it a lot so I give it 5 stars!"
"Jonas' world could very well describe what our world will be like in the future.  Color, emotion, and free choice will be nonexistent.  One person will hold every single memory in the world.  Old people and unwanted infants will be silently and invisibly killed  to keep the population steady.  The entire enviroment will be monitered so food can be grown all year long.  Lowry beautifully writes this as a warning to us that if we don't take care of our world, this imaginary place in our minds may one day become all too real."
bought for school
Such a good book!
Very good stories
Great imagination
interesting read.
ENDING IS UNCLEAR
"A dose of poison can kill people, but a bad book can go on poisoning minds for-ever. Some people thought of The Giver as a dose of poison and banned it from schools.Oh the other hand, I thought it was a good book and I don't think The Giver should bebanned from any school. I enjoyed reading The Giver and I did think that Jonas made acircular journey and came back home okay. I thought since Jonas left the town it had changed for the best. Now the community can enjoy music and colors. Not only that, they can feel joy and love, too. The community is free and not censored anymore from doing all the stuff that we can do and feel."
"The Giver is truly a remarkable story in many ways.  From the first, I fell in love with the utopian Community, a place of comfort and belonging.  Like the main character, Jonas, I had to learn the hard way that nothing's perfect.  As it was meant to do, this book raises questions about the balance of freedom and order in society, but the truly remarkable thing about it is that it tells this in such a way that us children can appreciate.  I read this book every year, each time understanding a little bit more about what makes us human and what the ambiguous ending really means.  I will never be the same for having read this book, and I thank you, Lois Lowry"
"While this book is aimed at the young adult market, it is a wonderful story that makes you consider what things are really good and bad for a society. In the world of the Giver, society's collective memories involving  anything unique or different are held by one person. As that person reaches the end of their life, a new person is chosen to receive all of the memories. The society runs under the premise that any difference in anything and any extreme thought or feeling is to the society's detriment. Enter the Giver and the new receiver, and their radical ideas for change. A very thought-provoking story. I am hoping the sequels are as strong as this one."
"Reading the book, ""The Giver"", it sparked a different way of thinking for me and that's why I liked the book. Many of Lois Lowry's books reveal the same imagination and revelation, as does ""The Giver"". In a way, you can relate to many of the characters and their actions. Also it feels like you're there in the story with its in-depth detail, surrounded by these characters. It is an easy-to-read book and each page makes you want to turn it and read more. This book is so interesting that you'll want to read the words slowly and focus on the whole content or read it in one sitting so you don't have to get back to it and forget the storyline."
Scrumtulecent
awesome book!
Amazing book.
good purchase
i had to read a few of the anastasia books for a class.  i'll be kind and say they were not to good (they [stunk]!!) i was reluctant to read another lowry book after that.  is the author of the giver the same lois lowry?? lol of course it is and this book shows her talent as a writer.  it's very provocative and quite scary as well.  it's a story that sticks with you long after you read it.  i loved it.  why not 5 stars? i had to take one off because of the torcher the anastasia books put me through. lol
"I've loved this book since middle school and have been desperate for a good read lately.  I've read this book several times and have called this my favorite book for the better part of two decades, but have never owned it.  It was just time.  My only complaint is that it's too short!  I wish this book would just go on and on.  I realize it's for a younger audience and probably appreciated it length when I was a less experienced reader.  I'm glad to own it now so I can read it to my heart's content."
"Reading this novel makes you realize what a cruel,harsh planet we live on. Jonas never had to deal with pain or feelings. Everything so awful in our world was taken out of Jonas's, but everything was still missing from the lives of his community. Color,music,love,and even choices were lost. What we need to do is be thankful for the things we DO have instead of dwell on the things we don't. This is one of very few books where you don't need a sequel to know how the story ends.A REAL PAGE TURNER"
"I just finished this book and I've got all these different thoughts and emotions. Not sure how I feel yet but it's a great book because my mind won't stop working out the ending. I was surprised at the ending of the book, I was not expecting it to just end so abruptly but I can see why she leaves it to the reader to draw their own conclusions. Makes a person think and I struggle with wanting and hating such a society she created. In the end, I think discovering love is the point."
"This book is a good, easy read, probably able to be read in one sitting if there is sufficient time and determination. The plot is interesting and mysterious and draws the reader in quite quickly. If you're into these kind of books, this is the one I would recommend reading first, since it is the simplest. The book has a solid main character who is relate-able to young readers, so I would say this would be a better book for middle school age rather than high school and beyond it."
I think when I found out abuot release I was going to cry. It wasn't right to do that to children. I think Jonas made a right decision on take Gabe and leave the community. Some of the rules were unfair. I would like to pick who to marry and what job I want. Also making one person like the giver deal with all their pain is rude. I think this books shows you that sameness isn't always good. They couldn' even see in color because people according to the community would be jelious.
Classic novel
Awesome book!
Awesome book!
Favorite book
a page turner
Like the book
Amazing book.
Great classic
Have not read
Awesome book.
"This book was very ""interesting"" to me. I didnt really like to read this book. Until it got sad then it was kind of interesting. I still didn't get most of it. I had to read it. My favorite part was when Jonas ran away. My least favorite part was when you left us blank at the end. I thought a lot of how there community was different to us. We get choices and we can see colors. We dont have strct rules and we have more the 3 books in our library.  Most of what I read sounded rediculus. You cant have a bike until your nine???? Is there any bullies in the community? Is the community like PERFECT!!!!!!! These ae some questions i want to know."
"Hey! look over here ok now that I've got your attention, if you're looking for a strange but good book then this is the perfect book for you. The Giver by Lois Lowry explains how the Giver gives Jonas thoughts and teaches him different feelings from everyone else. To start, Jonas lives in a very strange town. The community that he lives in is unusually different in its ways and rules. Also, in The Giver, he gives Jonas real thoughts and feelings. The feelings are happy, sad, and miserable. Finally, Jonas leaves the community. Unfortunately, if I tell you why it would ruin the whole story! So you better read this book to find out why Jonas ran away!"
"I found a copy of this book last night in some of my mother's teaching supplies.  (She taught gifted and talented 5th grade for many years.)  On a whim, I opened it and began reading.  70 minutes later, I was in the exact same position I started in, in tears and completely stunned.  I devoured this book in a little more than an hour and immediately gave it to my ten-year-old daughter.  I told her it was excellent and I thought she would enjoy it.  She began it immediately and is probably reading it in class right now when she's supposed to be doing her work.  I have no words to describe this amazing work.  Lois Lowry never fails to touch me deeply!"
"In The Giver, the world has been removed of all things thatwould cause grief or sadness in any way.  As a result,all things which bring happiness are also removed.  For example, motherhood is reduced to a science where parents are genetically picked.  Then two children are given to each set of couples who needs children yet.  Race and ethnicity are removed by removing color from the world.  Memories cause pain as well, so they are removed from the people's minds.  Pills are taken to supress sexual feelings.  Everyone is happy.  Or are they? This is a great read-aloud for the family on a long car trip.  It makes for good discussions."
"I thought the book was great because it had a lot of enteresting parts in the book. Almost every time it get to a exciting and enteresting part, I couldnt wait to go home and read. A little after the beggining I kind of felt a little pity for him because he was diffrent from others. Like he didnt know about the apple was one of the examples in the book that he was diffrent. To me the book was a little scary because I didnt know what was going to happend next but,it kept me reading. also, the end of the book was kind of weard. To talk about snow and things didnt have anything to do with the other parts of the book. Other than that the book was good"
"Its a great, well thought out book that id recomend for anyone of any age."
"My children and their teachers recommended this book as a school read and wanting to read what they read I got the book.  I have to agree with my children (both in their early teens) that the book is excellent.  Sure it is about a society that seems perfect but it is more than that.  Lois Lowry did a very good job of building the perfection of their world ""The Community)and ""release"" was obvious but in between I was really impressed with how Jonas began to see things so differently.  Forget the rest of any complaints on the book...It really was a good thought-provoking book that holds a message about the importance of memories in our lives."
"The Giver was an alright dystopian at best. The book itself is an easy read and considered a middle-school level read. For an adult, this is a quick and easy read. The novel itself is short and leaves the reader on a cliff hanger of what is to come in other novels. The book is no more, than an introductory for people those who want to get into the genre of stories and novels under dystopia. At best, this book will hook you at first, but to reread this simple novel is not worth the trouble. It is a good one shot read and a good start for late readers who are starting to read in middle school at the grade level of seventh or eighth grade."
"""The Giver, is a world without Difference"" This book was an excellent book. Even if you may not like reading at all this book was a fairly good book. I gave it five starts because it was so wonderfully thought through and put together in a chain of events that kept the reader interested to what the character was feeling. However to any that have read the Giver, you would know that in this world of The Giver, feeling dose not exist. I was interested in this book because it was so much different from the world we see today and the world that was in that book. I think this book is well worth the read and I would recommend it to anyone."
Very interesting
Great shape!
A good read!
Awesome book
great series
A great read
Good product
awesome book
A must read.
It is great.
The ending??
"I really liked reading The Giver I thought it was a great book!Although there would be a few things I would change. I think that it'sa really good book for kids my age! I think that Lois Lowry is a great author, and I really liked his book The Giver! You really should read it I think that you will like it as much as I do, maybe even more. This is one of the books I'm sure to read again! Well I hope that you read The Giver and I hope you enjoy it as much as I did!"
"I read this novel with my sixth grade students. The discussions that were developed brought up many real life issues and controversies. My students absolutely loved the novel, and it reminded them of how lucky we are to live in such a diverse society where we can learn from our differences. It also reminded us to respect our freedom of choice. We now appreciate so much more of what life has to offer. One can easily get lost in this novel, it is hard to put down."
"I first read this book in 5th grade.  i really liked it then, and it was the first book i read that had made me think.  I""m now a junior in high school, and i have read it four or five times since then.  each time i read it it is better adn i get something more out of it.  This book is not for idiotic little children who only want entertainment.  i recomend this book only for those mature enough to look at our world and jonas's world with a critical view."
"I enjoyed the Giver very much, though I have a few critisisms.  I thought that ""release"", or moving on to Elsewhere, was poorly disguised.  I realized very quickly that it meant to be put to death.  Also, the end of the book left you saying, ""huh?""  It just stopped where there should have been an epilogue or another chapter.  You have no idea what is going on,, and it made me feel annoyed.  Overall though, the general layout of the story was pretty good."
"The Giver is a suspensful book that keeps you guessing on what Lois Lowry is trying to get to.  Then when you find out what she was trying to get to and you will say ""ohh. I get it.""  It is interesting because the book is almost opposite from the way we live here.  The only downfall is the ending because you have so many answers to choose from of how the book ends.  I wasn't a big fan of the ending but you might so find out by getting The Giver."
"This book was assigned to my son's class. The teacher invited the parents to read along with their children. I decided to read it with my child. This book was really interesting for It teaches children about learning that is okay to be different, by showing them what a community of individuals who are all the same, and conform  to the rules looks like. It is a moving story , but it helps parents talk about not conforming and about helping others."
"I found the book The Giver to be a fairly good book, but found that some may find the aspect of ""release"" disturbing especially once they found out it involved the killing, dispatching or execution of infants, the elderly, and the innocent and guilty alike. I am sure everyone has their own idea of an ""ideal world"" and I could bet most would view that a real utopia allowed the people within more freedom of decision and action."
"I thought the giver was a great book. It was neatly written, and had a nice plot. It seemed that there was always something interesting happening, that made me want to read it more and more. The one part I thought that could change to make it better, was that the giver could be something cooler, that could capture everyone's attention. The one part I didn't like, was when I finished the book, because I didn't have anymore good books to read."
"I thought that this book really makes you feel that you are lucky not to communist like they are in ""The Giver"".  It really makes you know how much you take for granted the idea that you are different.  The whole book is based on the concept of ""Sameness"", and it is about the quest Jonas takes to be different, to get ""Elseware"".  I deffinatly give this book a ""10"", and hope you choose to read it, too."
"This is a pretty good book. Our class of 7SR just finished it. i think Lois Lowry should write a sequel, because the ending is like so NOT clear to me and probably isn't for a lot of other people who read this book. Did anybody else in the world, besides my class, find like 1,000 sameness's for  this book and ""I Am David"" by Anne Holm? well our class (of 7SR)  would like to know if Lois Lowry borrowed any i deas from that book."
Excellent read
Very good book
excellent book
good for child
Love this book
Wonderful book
great book !!!
Two thumbs up!
excellent book
A page turner.
Good condition
Excellent read
Wonderful book
Excellent read
Give give gave
Best book ever
Awesome book!!
good condition
Worth the read
"""The life where nothing was ever unexpected. Or inconvenient. Or unusual. The life without color, pain, or past.""The author gives a view into a differnt world and how a young boy feels once he knows the truth.There are some interesting ideas presented in this book. I found many to be thought provoking and I had to imagine what it would be like if my world were to be so,radically different.The young boy is very likeable. His bravery is inspirational. But I wasn't interested enough to continue the series."
"Most people think that young adult books can not be as good as adult books.  I used to agree, but now I strongly disagree. The Giver is my favorite book ever.  It is wonderful reading for any age, boys or girls, men or women.  In this novel, Lois Lowry really reminds us not to take the little things for granted; the weather, colors, hills.  Who knows how long they'll be around?  I highly reccomend this book to anyone who loves to read."
"I enjoyed this book, but when the end came, I was shocked.  It seemed there was so much more to tell and to wrap up in the storyline....but that was it.  Since the next book in the ""quartet"" doesn't appear to include or connect to Jonas and his community, I'm disappointed that my many questions will never be answered. But I still give this four stars because the fact that I have questions shows how involved I was in the story."
"This book makes us wonder if anything is perfect. In this book, Lois Lowry eloquently describes Jonas in the search for truth within a seemingly utopian community. Everything in this amazing book means something. The name Jonas comes from the name Jonah, meaning peace. But why would Lois Lowry have a character search for peace in utopia? Lois Lowry's epic about the dystopia within a utopia will leave you shivering, yet wondering."
"I thought that the book ""the Giver"" was well written and although the store line was very loose.  Lois Lowery wrote some good dialog between characters, but I thought that the word choice could have been better.  The storie was unorignal and it conterdicts it self alot.  I had  to read the book for summer school so we watched movies from the 70's that  were almost the exact same thing as the Giver only 20 years earlier."
"The Giver is a fantastic piece of literature. Lois Lowry takes you into a world where a utopian vision is trying to be achieved. Jonas's character experiences what every reader has - life. Through his training he learns pain, joy, love, death, war, anger, confusion, and responsibility. Brilliantly written and begging for a sequel (Ms. Lowry?....). Wonderful and a must-read. Why anyone challenges this book? I just don't know."
"This book, to me, was another happy-go-lucky book with a perfect society. Until the character ""The Giver"" exposed to Jonas how cruel the actual world was, and used to be. The truth about release, and how this one receiver carries such a huge responsibility. The last 10 chapters are what makes this book a certain classic. A GREAT book with a riviting and unexpected ending. A must read for anyone who likes books at all"
The Giver may be a little more advanced for some children but it is a very good book. The book expresses imagination and the wonder of a futuristic world. This book has been banned from many schools. It just doesn't make sense to ban such a wonderful book like that. The book makes you feel thankful that you live in the place that you live in now.Living in the place I live now has more fredome but would more safe there.
Incredible.
Really neat
Great read.
Thank you!!
Great book!
Great book!
Great book!
Predictable
Great book!
Great book!
Great book!
Great book!
Great book!
"The Giver is a good book because even though I didn't really enjoy what I was reading about, it was written in a way that made it interesting.  It sounds like the story takes place in the future.  Jonas lives in this perfect world.  It is a controlled enviornment run by a group of elders.  The book is about Jonas recieving his assignment.  This is the job he will perform for his community.  Jonas recieves a very important assignment and the Giver helps him discover life outside the community.(Gabby, ELHS)"
"When I was assigned to read ""The Giver"" by Louis Lowry, I was having to actually do it. I usually hate reading for school and tend to put it off until the last minute but I had a snow day and decided to start it. I read the entire book in one seating. I really enjoyed it! Some parts were kind of unnerving but I liked the concept of a ""perfect"" world. It's very interesting to think about. It makes you imagine how the future will be. I would definately read this book again. It's short but has a powerful message behind it."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is a book about life and what we take for granted in it. Lowry shows all the different things that we do in every day life that in the utopian community, in the book, the people can not do. For example, the people get assigned their jobs, they dont have the freedom to chose it themselves.I think The Giver is a great book to learn some of life's lessons from. Though Lowry contradicts her story a couple times it is over all an interesting book. I believe that every one should read this book."
"As I began this story I really enjoyed it. I love stories involving utopias and this book embodies such a society perfectly. But as you round towards the end of the book in utter excitement the story takes a turn that I found disapointing. If I had stopped reading this book half way through, even three forths of the way through, I would say it was one of the best books I have ever read; but after the ending I have to say that though this book was enjoyable and highly recomendable I wish it could have ended differently."
"I am a 8th grade student. I read this book in the 7th grade.This book is basicly about Jonas, a 13 year old teen who is in this 'community'. This community isnt like your every day community. There are birthmothers, who have birth, and there child is taken away and at 1 year old, placed in a new family. Spouses are not chosen, but forced. Pills are given at the age of 13 to stop people from 'liking' one another. All children have the same birthday as each other.Lowry did a VERY good job writing this book"
"The Giver, a book with about as many honors as a as Donovan Bailey is simply out of this world. An ingenious novel written by Lois Lowry elevates Young Adult reading to a new level. I first heard  about it through the Y.R.C.A. awards ( Young Reader's Choice Awards). My Grade 5 friends and I went nuts when we started to read it. Soon we couldn't stop and were reading to 11:30 on schooldays. If I were to sum up this book in a few words I would call it "" The Ultimate Reading Experience"". I loved the book s"
"""A dose of poison can do its work but once.  A bad book can go on poisoning minds for generations,"" says William Murray.  The book The Giver is not an example of a poisonous book.  I personally think that The Giver shouldn't be banned.  It teaches kids to respect their community and the people around them.  Although the ending was kind of confusing I still don't see anything wrong with the book.  I really don't think that this book is poisoning minds but mine is just one opinion out of millions about this book."
This is not a really exciting. And it was boring becuse it was way to long  and  it was weird in parts. Becuse it was not what you think is going to be  and it isent what you think it will be what you want to happen.  Well have  fun reading!!!!!!!!!!!!
"Have you seen in black and white? Probably not, Jonas is a regular boy who lives in some kind of a world where everything is same. Everybody doesn't have any memories.Such as pains, sadness, love... So Jonas and the `Giver' tries to give his community back their memories by leaving the community. So the giver and Jonas make some plans to leave the community. But giver wouldn't leave with Jonas. Why the giver doesn't wants to leave? Will Jonas run away by himself? Find out by reading this book!"
Good quality.
"Jonas cannot see color. He cannot feel happiness or sadness. He doesn't know what an animal is. Neither does anyone in his community. When Jonas turns 12, he is selected to be the Reciever of Memory. The Giver, the previous reciever, gives Jonas memories of hunger and warmth. He gives him memories of color and sled rides.I think the setting in The Giver is in the future because they don't have all the things that we do such as color and feelings. I think Jonas lives in the country because it isn't very busy like it is in the city.I wouldn't want to live in Jonas's community because it seems very depressing. I liked the idea of the story but the end sort of let me down. It felt like it didn't really end."
"Lois Lowry puts such great detail in this book, it makes you feel like you are with Jona. It is weird to read about a different world, especially Jona's. The ""sameness"" in their world just makes the book more interenting. Jona goes through many changes and has lots of emotions throughout the book. I reccomend this book to any grade above 5th. This is a GREAT reader!  Jona has the most mportant job in the whole community because ""The Giver"" is the only one who sees the world as it really is. The Giver gets to see everything in a different way, which makes the person change entirely now that they know the truth.  I could not put this book down! The plot just makes you want to keep reading and reading it!"
"This book was very intriguing, and an excellent read.  I have read it several times and enjoyed it every time.  It's so bizarre to envision another world completely, one that we find the thought of appalling, but then see how we would be able to get used to it.  This book opens up an entire new realm of possibility.  It is extremely well written, and allows u to identify with Johan, the main character very well.  The book is about a ""perfect"" society, where everything is monitored, and everything is monotonous.  Only one person, The Giver, has the power to see outside the monotony, and Johan is selected to obtain this same power.  It is a fascinating book, and it even outshines Lois Lowry's other work.  It is well worth a read."
"This book gave me an new view about the idea of Utopia. Jonas a 12 year-old boy who lives in a Utopia-like world. Everything is the same. There are no colors just different shades of gray. There are no injuries, and the people know nothing of life and death. Jonas is chosen to become the Receiver of Memories. He is trained by a man known as the Giver. As he is trained he begins to learn that his world isn't quite what it should be. He begins to understand just what everyone is missing.As the year rolls on he decides that something must be done. He and the Giver hatch a plan to change their world. I definetly would suggest reading this book. It won the Newberry award and in my opinion is a good book. I give it 4 stars..."
"At Northside Elementry in Ms.Merediths 6th grade class we read the book called ""The Giver"".It was a very confusing but fun and an interesting book to read for a novel.I would recommend this book to people that were at least 11 and up.It was a really good book, because it talks about another community and everything is different their than it is in real life, their is no color in the comunity. In every family their has to be two kids Female and male and a mom and dad. The elders of the comunity choose your job when you turn 12 years old. They have Certain age groups like the 6's and their birthday can be on a  certain day but that group would all turn the same age at the same time. You should read this book.  Cesily T."
"The Giver is an interesting book that deals with the idea of suppressing ideas.  In fact everything [the society] runs the way it does only because no one questions the how or why it runs the way it does, not even the elders who run it.  The book focuses, on one character, Jonas, who receives new ideas from the Giver.  In stark contrast to the human controlled weather and ""comfort objects"", based on what was once real animals, the Giver begins giving him memories from all the past, all of which he stores, ranging from the primitive warfare at its worst to a pleasant trip on a sailing boat.  It focuses hugely on the handling of the memories by Jonas, and how he attempts to change the idea suppressing ideas in the town."
"Hey!  WEll, I read this book for my humaties clss this month!  And it was a great book!  First it sounded boring but it got so interesting afterwards!  I recomend this book to anyone who likes scince fiction.  But I think that anyone can enjoy this book!  This book is about a boy named Jonas.  He has a little sister named Lily.  His  father is a  nuturer.  Well, Jonas lives in this DIFFERENT community.  It seems very weird to me.  Like one thing is that no one in the community is allowed to ride bicycles until they are  a Nine(nine years old).  Isn't that weird?  WEll, in this book, you will find many interesting rules and things happening in thi small but exciting community.  Have fun reading this book!"
"I really admire Lois Lowry's writing style in this novel.  She does an excellent job giving the reader a full and detailed picture of Jonas' life in the community, and the restrictions that they placed on the citizens.  This is an example of the ultimate controlled environment in which no infraction or unpredictable element is tolerated.  This book has a lot of potential, but I think it falls far short in the plot.  Much of the story seemed to be collections of situations in the life of Jonas, and only at the end did he actually execute a plan to give the memories back to the people.  Even this was not thoroughly explored.  I enjoyed reading this book, but I think it could have been a lot longer and more intriguing."
"I read the giver just a little while ago and really enjoyed it. I got it from the library, and because I liked it so much I had to go get one for myself. Just to read it all over again.  I find it interesting howthe people in the town go to an assemblyto be seeded out into a position that he/she would carry it on. I also find it amazing that they are enclosed (you'll have to read it to know what I mean).  This book, i would probably have to say is the best book i have eveer read in my life. Im sure the sequels are going to be just as good or better. I would highly recommend this book to anyone.  RM."
Great little book!
Great Story
"We feel that the book ""The Giver"" was slow at first but started to appeal to our likings after pg. 40.  After we got by that page, we felt like we couldn't put the book down for one minute.  We just wanted to read more to find out what happened with Jonas and the community.  Some of us were disappointed with the ending, but our class had a great debate on whether Jonas and Gabe lived or died.  Jared and Peter"
"Obvious to all of us our world is not the greatest.But who is to say Jonas' is?Despite the  safety and security of a job and family there, there is no freedom.Everyone is trained like robots to do as there told.I think the reason this book is so popular among us all is because it brings a better lifestyle for most of us.this book is very well written and veryentertaining. Recommended to anyone who enjoys a good book."
"This book was about a town where you were assigned a job. At the cerimony of the twelve you were assigned your job. Some people were painters, teachers and a very special job was given to a boy. He was the reciever of memeory. This job was painful but special. It was a honor to recieve this  title. The past ""giver"" had to  transmit the memories down. I  enjoyed this book very much.. be sure to read the end!"
"This was a great book and it made you ask a lot of questions. The problem with that is that there aren't any ANSWERS!!!!!!!!I know the author wants us to use our imaginations but at least give us something to build on. Nobody knows. Is it a communist government? Do they live in a Biodome in the future? Or, is it something more like the INVASION OF THE HUMAN BODY SNATCHERS????Too many questions, not enough answers!!!!"
"This novel presents a typical ""utopian"" society describing the costs ""extracted"" by the ""state"" in exchange for providing everything to everybody.It needs to be ""filmed"" but never will be because the Hollywood-Government-Complex does not want America's youth to become critical thinkers.Other reviews are far better than I could ever write, so read those instead"
this is agreat book about a kid named Jhose and everything is way diffret he has never heard of snow or bad behavior. because in his community that is not heard of. no one has birthdays they just have group units and every december their are ceramonys and like your first ceromony you become a 1 and are given a name one you become a 12 you are given your job. and when Jhones becomes a 12 he is given a speical job.
"it was good, i read it in 4th grade, but i thought it was really sad and it made me want to cry, happy ending though, if i remember anyways read this side of paradise if you like this; similar book"
"The giver was a great book, well written, good characters, good plot. I must say tho it is not my favorite book. The giver is just not the type of book to interest me. I personally am a Nicholas sparks love story book type of girl. I would totally recommend this book to someone who was into mystery type books. It was one of those books that makes you think about it and its kind of hard to wrap your mind around."
"Had to read it in third grade. The book tries too hard. Post apocalyptic scenario, everyone's a mindless slave, etc. The book is alright if you're into apocalyptic scenarios and don't like violence. Definitely a bit out there compared to everyone else which is why I can see this book having so many stars. Does it deserve 5 stars, I definitely don't think so. Should you read it? Meh. Borrow it from the library."
"Robbie Gardner/Spring Creek High School - Giver Review-  I think that this is one of the best books I have ever had the pleasure to read. Taking place in a very imaginative and creative setting, the plot is one that will not let you put the book down. There are wonderful conflicts and sub-plots taking place in the story. I would recommend this book to anyone who loves to read good stories.-Robbie"
I rated The Giver a 4 star because I like fiction books and The Giver kinda has a fairy tale twist to it. I didn't like the extra star that I didn't vote for is because I thought it was more of a young aldult book.  The main subject in the book is when Jonas' family takes care of a little boy named Gabriel and then Jonas runs away with him. Then him and Gabriel run away to this village.
"This is a truly awsome book. In this story, Jones, ( the main charecter) lives in a ""perfect"" world in the future. There is no hatred, feelings, love, religon, books, or history. Jonas is chosen to become the reciver of memory, and hold the Community feelings. Along with the Giver, Jonas makes a decision that will changehis life -and the Community- forever. This is a truly awsome book!!!"
The Giver is a book that keeps you captivated and wanting to read more. The world Lois Lowry writes about is easy to get caught up in and makes you feel like your there right beside Jonas living what he is living. The journey of Jonas makes you think and see things and in various new ways. This is a book that you could read over and over and always have a new question pop into your head.
"I was hestitant to listen to this story as it was obviously a teen book and I really didn't know how I would feel.  I work from home and the day just flew while I was listening. I finished the audio in 1 day.  What an enthralling, incredible, thought provoking  concept.  Wow!. I ordered 4 more copies to give away as gifts.One of the best stories I have listened to.  Don't miss it."
"I thought that this book was very good. It shows you how life would be like if you did not have to make life choices. It was also really sad. I really liked Jonas because I could really relate to him, when he talks about his nervousness due to him wanting to know how his life is going to turn out. This book is good for anyone who has time to read an easy fun book that you should enjoy."
"'ll remember all my life!  There is one word that can describe the story...different! The story being extremely well described taught me many vocabulary words.Whenever I spied a word I either:Didn't know or weren't sure about, I quickly jotted down to look up later.  Jonas Parker, a young, strong-willed boy, finds his path in life after replacing another man and becoming the giver!"
"It starts out strange and ends even stranger.  I read this book for school and did those comp. ?'s to go with it which made it much more understandable.  It makes you think about this ""community"" and the freakish lives of the characters and how much our society differs from it.  The cover is a real turn off but the saying for once in mu life was true.  Read this book!!!!!!!!"
Enjoyed it
great read
Very interesting.
Excellent author!
Makes you think!!
Very interesting.
Perfect condition
Really enjoyed it
Very well written
I love this book!
Fun book to read.
Thought provoking
Great book
THANK YOU.
For School
Good book.
Great book
Good book.
Very good.
Excellent.
great read
Great book
Interesting.
A must read!
GOOD QUALITY
Great story.
A must read!
A must read!
Great book!!
Great book!!
Great book!!
"My family is working our way through Newbery books, as our bedtime read aloud novels.  I read this book before reading it to my children and was glad that I did.  I felt that the subject matter was too sophisticated and intense (a la Brave New World) for my kids -- all under 9.  This book deals with euthanasia and infanticide for the sake of Sameness in a controlled community.  We're not ready to tackle those mature topics.  I did, however, enjoy the book myself."
great read
Great read
A classic.
Great book
Great book
Enjoyed it
Good book.
Great book
Great book
Great book
Good one :)
great book.
Great book!
Interesting
Predictable
Great read!
Great book.
Great book!
Exilarating
great book!
Loved it!!
Great read
Great book
Great book
Good read.
The Giver by Lois Lowry was an interesting book to read. It was really interesting how the former giver had to pass on information that the former one gained through the years it is like passing down fighting techniques down to your pupil. That what makes a book like this interesting to see what happens next. If a lot of books were like that they would be more interesting to read.
This book was ok. The ending was rather lackluster and left many questions unanswered. The overall book was interesting and makes you think about how life could be in a Utopian society. Many problems of the world are resolved in this book but the people are practically brainwashed. This book would be a good intro into other Utopian books. It's not my favorite book but it's good.
"The unabridged tape version of the Lois Lowry book, The Giver, is beautifuly narrated and the meaning of the book is clear to even the most unsophisticated listener.The book is about a young boy who begins to detect flaws in a supposed perfect society-an updated and kinder,gentler but as completely brainwashed as in the classic 1984. Thought-provoking for adults and teenagers alike"
The Giver is a great book. It is about a boy name Jonas who lives in a perfect world. They have no war or crime. Every person in the community is assigned a role in the community.  When Jonas is assigned his  role he singled out to get special training. He learns the pain and  greatness of the world elsewhere.  I would recommend this book  to anyone.
"Excellent story about the most perfect society, and the darkness required in order to keep people ""happy"" all the time. Brings up some interesting questions. Read it will your kids, it can easily create a lovely discussion about the themes represented in the book. (PS: there are two (I think) sequels out. Also good, but don't read them if you like the way this one ended)"
Great book
Great book
Wonderful!
Enjoyed it
Very good.
Great read
Enjoyed it
A classic!
Great book
Loved it!!
"I find the book OK: The book is written in an understandable language. The topik of the book is interessting. But I dislike the open-end, because some questions aren't still answered.I like the book and I think it is very interesting. If you know the content it is very simple to understand. I didn't like the open-end.It is a actuell novel which is written in a easy way."
As an avid realistic fiction reader I wholeheartedly recommend this book. This is perhaps the only science fiction/ dystopia book I have read and thouroughly enjoyed. Lowry's writing is wonderful and the story is well thought out. I loved it the first time I was introduced to it in fourth grade or so and love it some five years later. It is a quick read and time well spent.
"This book is one of the few that have, at the end, made me go ""Hmm, what if?""  and stare off into space for a few minutes.  When I was in seventh grade we read it, and the teacher tried to tell us what happened at the end.  I agree with Lois Lowry's statement that it is up to the readers to decide, so everyone can enjoy the book. Keep up the good work, Lois Lowry!"
"This is a very good book. I read it and I didn't think it wouldhave been this good. I recommend this book for young adults andabove. I really enjoyed reading this book and so will you! This is the story of a boy who is chosen to be The Receiver of Memory. There is way too much to summarize in this little review. Anyways, go and buy this book! You will not be disappointed!"
"Louis lowery is a good author all thought this is the first book that i have read by louis. Jonas life is a little different after he becomes the reciver of the community. He relizes what they do when they release somebody from their community and he is so shocked that he runs with gabrial out of the community. If you want to know more read the book, i highly suggest it."
"The book starts off somewhat slow, but after a few chapters it starts off.  Jonas, the main character in the novel has been assigned to receive special ""memories"" from the Giver.  The novel shows the changes as Jonas realizes what his world once was, and how it could become.  I thought the book was well written mostly, but the story line was somewhat boring to me."
"I thought this was an excellent book because the author, Lois Lowry, made the statements come alive. This book is an adventures book at the end when one of the main characters, Jonas, travels and starts to fell the real meaning of ""starving"" and I recommend this book to young adults how really like to read wonderful books, this is one of the best books I have ever read!"
"I thought this was an excellent book because the author, Lois Lowry, made the statements come alive. This book is an adventures book at the end when one of the main characters, Jonas, travels and starts to fell the real meaning of ""starving"" and I recommend this book to young adults how really like to read wonderful books, this is one of the best books I have ever read!"
I dident really like it becuse it was really weird. And it was nothing like you think it whould be. And the reson i give it a 2star is becuse i like exsiting books and it isent really exciting. but if you like books that are not what you think this is one for you. Well keep on redading. you  might like it and if you do put a recamandation on hear about it. :0)  :>)
"I really liked this book. It started off a bit slow at first but after awhile the pace started to pick up. It was usetting and sad though to see how terrible and boring it would be to live in a world without choices, differences, and love. I didn't completely understand the ending but if I was in Jonas's place I would have done the same thing that he did in the end."
Great Book!
Great book.
Great read!
Great read!
Great book!
Great book!
Great Book!
Great book!
Great Book!
Great book.
"In my opinion the book is a goodchoice for pupils. The content is about a group of people who are under the power of the ""Elders"".They haven't got any possibility to choose for example the work they want to. The book reminded me of the movie ""Matrix"", no one's free and people see and think only what others make or allow them to see and think. Everyone has a purpose you can't change.It's most interesting for pupils because it's written in a simple way, but also good for adults."
"""The Giver"" is a wonderful read because it tackles issues such as euthanasia, commanding governments, freedom of speech, and trying to achieve a system of government in which everyone is in essence ""the same"". I would recommend this book to all readers in seventh grade and up. I also wish to commend Lois Lowry's courageousness in writing such a bold and daring piece that she knew would indefinitely cause uproar across the country for writing about such sensitive topics."
"The books that Lois Lowry writes and amazing.  Especialy in this book, theme and symbolism are brought through in a way that a child can enjoy just as much as an adult.  Our whole family read this book and had a discusion on its connections to the Bible as well as to idealism and the significance of difficulties.  I recomend this book to any age group, and any perfered reading genra, this book covers them all. --If you like this, also try Lois's other book, Gathering Blue"
"We really like this book because it treats new problems that we don't know: Sameness! Jonas, the main character lives in a community where all the things are the same. Because there are no colors, no music and no individuality. It's very admirable how Jonas tries to change the life in  the community, as he escapes  of the community.  In our opinion  this book  must get  an OSCAR!  Many thanks to the author that we can read  such a great fantastic and fascinating book !"
"For banned book week I read The Giver. In my opinion The Giver was a great book, because you get to use your imagination and fill in the parts. The Giver doesn't give the answers; it just lets you believe what you want. The Giver gives you the right to believe in whatever you want. The message that I think The Giver is trying to get out is that you shouldn't take life for granted because you could be living in a life of no choices, no personal opinions, and sameness."
"I recently read this book for my middle school library college class and was completely engrossed!  In high school my favorite book that the school made us read was 1984 and The Giver was very similiar.I remember when this book came out and I saw the cover and thought it was a ""boys book.""  I didn't know what the big fuss was about and didn't want to read a book about an old man.  I wish that I had looked past the cover and read then because I LOVED this book."
As expected!
Unusual book
great series
Great story!
I loved this book. It was marvelous with great text and characters. You get swept up in the story about Jonas and Gabriel and The Giver. It's very powerful and to me it is one of the best books ever written. You've probably heard all about it. And everyone should at some point get a taste of this book. It's one of the best. Lois Lowry is a great author with powerful writing for I also enjoyed Number The Stars!
"Lengthy short story. Too many missteps and lack of proper explanations or closure. Good basic intro for study on the mindset behind some of worst missteps in world history. The older audience (than targeted here) should instead read (or watch) 'Fahrenheit 451' or 'Soylent Green'. If you still think this book is for you, please read either 'The Awakening Water' (G. R. Crosher) or 'Emergence' (David R. Palmer)."
At first I think this book will be a funny book but it isn't. It's a very hard and sad story. You have no own opinion and you miss all the beautiful events in life. The people in the community live in a prison from which you can't escape. For me the book is very interesting - but sometimes a little bit boring. It's a different style than other books have - that's one important reason for me to read this book.
"So far my book is pretty good. I'm in the middle of it. Its about a boy named Jonas and how he is raised,and that every December they have a ceremony. The ceremony goes up to . Each year they acomplish something or get something. Jonas is an 11 and he is getting ready to be a 12. Read the book to find out what happens. The book is in a junior high level. I'd give it an 8 out of 10. Try it. You might like it."
A mixture of divergent and matched this book is a futuristic alternate world where everything is monitored and controlled.Jonas is chosen to become the next receiver of the memories amd feelings of the entire humanity and in his journey he decides to scape repression and find a different world. A better world. He takes baby who is destined to die with him and they make it.It was alright I guess.
"Lois Lowry, The Giver (Laurel-Leaf, 1993)There are a few books released every year that gain both wide-ranging critical acclaim and deep popular support. They are few and far between, and fewer still when the book in questions stirs up as much controversy as has The Giver. Personally, I don't see what all the controversy is about; everything in here that could possibly be seen as questionable is an echo of a canonized piece of science fiction (the two books that most come to mind are Logan's Run and Brave New World). Yet, as soon as you try to boil down Nolan or Huxley for the kidlit crowd, hackles get raised. I just don't get it.A distillation this may be, but it is in the same way that Things Fall Apart is a distillation of Greek tragedy; there's enough there for the author to have worn her heart on her sleeve, but the themes are places within a different framework of characters well-enough drawn that no one's ever going to be accusing Lois Lowry of plagiarism (one hopes). The story centers on Jonas, on the brink of turning twelve at the beginning of the novel, in a utopian society where there's no crime, no poverty, etc. Jonas is chosen to be the new Receiver of Memory for the colony; he's something of an uber-consultant, the person to whom the ruling council turns when they come across something they have no way to understand. For Jonas, and those Receivers before him, store the collective memories of those things which their society has managed to forget over the time they've been apart from the rest of the world (never actually stated, but by the way the characters talk about the world previously, it's been hundreds, if not thousands, of years). Lowry sets things up exceptionally, and there's a wonderful revelation about halfway through the book that alone is worth the price of admission (when Jonas figures out what seeing-beyond really is-Lowry has managed throughout the beginning of the book to lull the reader into such a state that the reader hasn't even realized what it is that's missing). While that's the only real surprise here, the predictability of much of what comes after is forgivable enough. Lowry sets up a number of easy endings, none of which she takes, and the predictable pieces to the puzzle are all part of that setup. Just because the end result could have been done better doesn't mean it's not good as it stands. Highly recommended. ****"
"The book THE GIVER by Lois Lowry is the story of a young boy Jonas who lives in a society protected from the rest of the world.  In this era, Jonas's culture has chosen to forgoe choice and emotion in order to produce efficiency and to eliminate pain.  For example, there is no love in this culture; rather, these feeling entitled ""stirrings"" are controlled by medication.  Marriage is controlled, and children are assigned to each ""married"" couple, to be raised, but not loved.  Jonas, however, is selected to be the one person responsible for emotion:  he receives the memories from the history of the world before climate control, before the end of war, and before the true end of happiness.  THE GIVER is not only a fascinating children's book, but entertains a philosophical and psychological content which can be read on many different levels.  I read the book first when I was a young child, and as I marveled at the story and was shocked as each child lost its identity, stiving to achieve ""sameness.""  Trust me, growing up in a liberal household in the busy city of New York (which is one of the culture centers of the earth), the idea of not living for happiness and choice was hard to understand.  This is the book I chose for my Philosophy in Literature analysis last semester at college.  It is an incredibly deep book- Ms. Lowry makes remarkable insights into the tendancies of the human character.  I am not familiar with her life and could not tell you whether THE GIVER was written to be so deep or if Ms. Lowry is simply a phoenomenal author and a sensitive, perceptive observer of the human character.  However, I can tell you that this is truly one of my favorite books and I recommend from the bottom of my heart that you lose yourself Jonas's world today."
"This book wasn't bad... it just with most dystopian novels they leave me with a lot of distracting questions that pull me out of the environment. For example, what did she mean the mountains had all bee flattened? I was obsessed with that question (and a few others) even though it was really the point. But then why mention it? Meh. If you like these types of books, it will probably be a good read for you."
The Giver is a book you would have to read. The book keeps you thinking on whats going to happen next. This book is the best of the best books i have ever read. Their couldn't be a better book then the Giver. The best part about the book is when Jonas starts recieving memories and he finally starts to see color. Jonas is a brave boy. Trying to save the town from sameness. And in the end he had succeeded
The book is about a boy who lives in a communtiy. He gets selected to be the new receiver of the community. He gets the memories of the whole past from a person who saved them for his whole life in his BIG brain. By getting this memories ( f.e. of snow or love ) he forms himself a opinion about the community and the rules. He wants to leave the community to give the memories back to the inhabitants...
"The Giver is a book about a boy named Jonas who, at the age of 12, is selected as a receiver of memories. In the community where he lives there are no feelings, no colors, no love, and no pain. Lois Lowry asks the  question, ""Can people be happy without feelings?"" I liked the  book because it was very exciting and it had an amazing plot."
"I think it's a good book because it tells a beautiful story very well.  The story could be percieved as an anti-communist book, showing how sameness is bad for people.  The story is enriched by the main character as he learns how things used to be.  A very good book that shows how emotions are important to human beings, so we don't becoem robots."
"Imagine a community of perfection. Everyone is completely equal. Everyone has the same opportunity. There are no colors, no differences, no changes, no choices. Life is ""ideal"". But, as Jonas, the main character of the novel, soon discovers, life in his protected and controlled little community is far from ideal. Good for young readers."
"The book ""The Giver"" is a really great book.  The only reason I didn't give it a 10 is because I didn't understand the end.  Some people say he died.  Some say he found a new home.  This book is very touching though.  It is one of my favorite books.  It got me thinking about all the pain in the world.  I thought it was a great book."
"I have read this book now probably 5 times and every time I am moved by it. It is heart breaking, magical, mysterious, thought provoking, but not overly complicated. There are so many layers, I am just left speechless every time. I cannot express how much this story means to me. This book is meant (in my opinion) to be read, reread, and shared."
I read many books and this is one of the best ever.  I read it in less than a day because I could not put it down.  It is well written and it makes you think about your own life and the choices you make. Any book that makes you think on higher cognitive levels is a superb choice.  I believe everyone should read this book during their life time.
Excellent
good book
Awesome !
good book
A good read
Good enough
Great book.
Grand story
great book!
Great read!
Great book!
Great read!
Great book.
Great book.
I love it
Loved it.
Good one.
good book
good read
Good read
Good book
good read
I like it
Weird!!!!
Confusing
Loved it!
Good book
Very good
Loved it.
Excellent
Great job
Excellent
Easy read
Good book
Fast read
very good
Very good
Loved it!
Good book
Good book
Loved it!
Good read
Thank you
"this book is amazing! It really gets you thinking and it is one of the books you can not drop. If you like sad, happy, etc it is all in the Giver. Buy it even if you have a 3 year old buy it now because the stores are selling it fast! It is worth reading. Go tot he bookstores now and buy it for the best price and best book you can ever GET!!!"
"This is one of those books, where you can't really tell someone that's it's good, because a lot of people won't like it. I had to read it in 7th  grade, and I thought that it was really slow, and then my mum had to read  it, and she hated it so much too. So, I warn you, that it really is up to  you to decide if you like it or not. Understand?"
I read this book to preview it before gifting it to my 12 year old nephew. I wanted to make sure it is appropriate for his age. I did not expect to get sucked into the story as much as I did. I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. My only complaint is that the ending was rather abrupt and didn't really leave me with any sense of resolution.
Not sure where the writer got the idea for the book.  It was well written and interesting.  I found myself reading only because I wanted to know how the writer would end the book.  I kept trying to figure out what the writer was thinking and why such a book.  Maybe a warning of socialism and universal sameness and the perils they bring.
"The picture that is shown is not what I received. I was looking for this exact copy with this exact cover and it is not the book that was sent to me. It is going to be a sentimental gift for an individual who had read it when they were younger, but I could not give it because it didn't match the picture. I was upset with this purchase."
"I read this books for the first time when I was ten years old, and I loved it.  It was one of my very favorite books.  In the seven years since then, I've read Brave New World, 1984, and especially Ayn Rand's Anthem and discovered that The Giver is extremely, extremely unoriginal.  Virtually plagiarized.  The Giver has some pretty heavy ideas in it that I didnt really understand at ten years old, so I think it's be better for kids to skip it altogether and then read BNW, 1984, and Anthem when they're a few years older.  If you're even into that sort of thing.  As a liberal, I tend to get annoyed at the idea that any minor attempts at some level of equality will lead to a society of faceless drones - that's a really black-and-white way to see the world (no pun intended, to those who have read the book).  I'm kind of bummed that Lowry, one of my favorite authors as a child, is apparently being so extreme, and I can only hope that she isn't really another Rand, as I'm not really a fan of hers.  Politics aside, I commend this book for its storytelling and for the fact that it at leats has some intelligent ideas in it, unlike lots of the stupid, trashy books out there that kids read.  However, like I said earlier, some scenes are too depressing and intense for your average kid, and plus it's completely lacking in originality.  My vote for a favorite dystopian novel goes to Orwell's 1984."
One of the required books in the English language. This book is captivating to both old and young alike. It is short read and is well worth the couple of hours it takes. I have never read the full quartet and will do so now. I know the movie is coming out but it looks like they deviated from the book. I hope it is a good adaptation.
Written poorly. This book is much more appropriate for adults. It is written as if the author has taken parts from other books written in the same genre.
"I had read this book when I was younger, but was reassigned to read it for a class assignment. The first time I read it, the futuristic awe of the book passed me by, but after reading it again I've realized what a great vision into the future and inspiring novel it is. If you liked this book, you should also read the book 1984."
"I could not believe that this book was threatened to be taken out of the school district by the parents.  If this book was not required for the reading curriculum, I would've never read this wonderful and thoughtful book by Lois Lowry.  I recommend this to everyone because of the exquisite quality.  It really makes you think."
"If I could I would give this book 3.5 stars.  There was some good qualities.  It was also a little disturbing at times, such as the part where you get released.  I also did not like the ending of the book.  If you are under the age of 11 then I would not suggest this book to you.  Otherwise you will probably enjoy yhis book."
"Lois Lowry has an outstanding perception of the world which she can harness into captivating writing!!!  I recommend this book not only because of the writing, but because of all of the emotion and feeling felt in the story. I recommend The Giver to anyone who wishes to be captured and pulled in to the world of The Giver."
"Our grade 6 class had to read the giver. I liked it, but the end didn't make sence. Jonas lives in a world that is perfect. They can't see colors, and they get assigned a job  when they are 12.  Each family has a mother, a father, a girl and a boy.  This book was ok, but I would reccomend this book to 12 year olds and up."
"Every page of The Giver was spellbounding and captivating. I consider this book to be among one of the best ever published. It offers not only a simplistic, childlike view of what times to come may consist of but it also leaves the reader with a lasting impression. This book is an allover classic and a must read for all"
Love the distopian style.  The giver gives everything you want in literature without being overly complicated in the plot line.  Great for ages middle school and up without feeling like you are being dumbed down to the easy language.  It's a quick read that will make you want to contemplate and read it again and again.
"I really loved this book.  It was very harsh and  cold, but made me appreciate love and warmth. I  wanted someone in the story to do something against the rules, but they didn't. I wanted them to rebel, but they didn't. It made me appreciate imperfections.  It was one of the most though-provoking books I've ever read."
I am still curious about a mind that can make up a story like this one. There's nothing and no one good in it although some aren't as bad as others. Lowry is a good writer and I did read the second book because of the way this one ended. But I was disappointed. I gave it three stars mainly because of the good writing.
"I downloaded the book because of the movie preview.  I was curios about the story.  It held me from the first page until the last.  I read it in about 5 hours (4 hours in one sitting). I couldn't put it down!  It may be a fiction, but there are so many things relevant to our world.  Now to get the rest of the series."
"I don't know how anyone can not enjoy this book.  It is just the right length for the story, and it the ending can have whatever meaning you want to put to it.  You can make this story your own story, and the ending can be what you would like it to be.  This is a great book, and I think everyone should read it."
"I understand why teens like it [think Hunger Games being popular] but I am not crazy about fantasy-sci fi. It is kind of a downer. People live in a society where they have eliminated many things to feel secure and safe. Yes, it has a timely message but it's a lot like reading Orwell. I can take it or leave it."
"I think that ""THE GIVER"" was a sad story, but I also think that this book could be better. The way I support my opinion is, it was sad because the dad killed the little boy.  I think that it could be better by finishing or writing a sequel because at the end of the book, the story just cuts off. ****  7.3 CT"
Loved it
Amazing.
uuuggggg
Amazing!
Amazing.
Fun read
Fun read
Loved it
I was assigned to read this book for an English class in 7th grade. I am so happy I had an amazing teacher who truly knew a great book when she read one. I owe so many great reads to her. This is such an interesting book. It really takes you into a whole other world. I have to read the othe books too.
"The Giver is an interesting drama/fantasy about a boy that gets the greatest gift ever, yet wants to never get them in the first place.  The novel starts and continues well, but the near ending of the book gets sloppy and unimaginative.  I do rfecommend this book for readers of dramatic tense, though."
"I know a lot of people adore this book, but for me it was just okay. The concept of a society where basically all emotion has been removed it interesting, however, the writing style and execution just didn't do it for me. I may try to work my way through the entire quartet of books and maybe this will change my mind, but right now I can't give it more than 3 stars."
"I just wanted to say that this is the best book i've ever read, and the thing is that i really dislike reading. This is one of the few books I enjoyed. I read it last year in 8th grade and it is a truely touching and moving book. The world that Lowry creates is so overwhelming it totaly  envelops you in the reading. I would recomend this book to anyone i love  it!"
"Lois Lowry did a wonderful job of creating the perfect utopia in  her book. I shudder to think of a place that is as blind as Jonas's(the main caracters)community. The book begins, explaining the plot, and most of the main caracters. Later on in the story a gifted man, who Jonas calls the Giver is introduced into the story. A interesting, yet wonderful book."
Miss lorey makes you feel like you are part of her colorless world. The Giver makes you want to relate back to your own life. The way there are so many rules it makes think of them being controled by that speaker. This book was just wonderful. It made you want to be with Jonas and his friends. It was very intrigueing.
I volunteer in an elementary school library.  I saw this book and thought it looked interesting.  I loved the wholes series so much that I bought them so my son would have them when he got a little bit older.  I am not usually much for fantasy but I really liked Lowry's style and ideas.  Just one more view of what the future of humankind might hold.
"Our class read ""The Giver"" as our class novel. At first, I didn't think I would like the book because I'm not really into science fiction. But once we started reading it, I kept looking ahead to see what was going to happen next. Our teacher always kept us in suspense by stopping at a really good part. I would recommend this book to anyone!"
"What is there to say, really? I mean come on!You just have to read this book!!! There is no better book than this!!! You have got to read the Giver at least once in your life! Please, buy the book!!I gaurantee that this book will be among your ""Favorites""!!Chrimstas is coming up....Put this on your Wish List. Please Buy this Book!!!!!!"
Parents know your kids best and what you want them exposed too but this book will get your children thinking and expose them to what could be if authority run's amuck.  My son had questions and we discussed it during and after he read it for a total of about an hour.  The book was read for a project he had he enjoyed the book so mission successful.
"I think this book clearly has meaning behind its words, and i think it held a great story. It had morals behind the plot, but there was only one thing that bothered me about this book: the ending. I don't want to spoil the book for you, so i'll keep it simple: the cliffhanger gave me too little information to go off. I understand the meaning of cliffhangers are for you to make your own ending, but seriously, this book's cliffhanger didn't give me enough to imagine what would happen after the story. All in all, however, i believe this book was truly unique and meaningful."
at the end of the book it leaves you hanging I don't like when books hang but i liked the booke i wonder if they die
Love it
Ok read
perfect
Love it
classic
perfect
"Like ""1984"" this book presents a dystopia but it is one that older children and young adults can understand, one which addresses the issues they are struggling with. It's a haunting fascinating book that all thoughtful children will be interested in thinking about."
"I think that this book is fabulous. It is compelling, and shows a whole new outlook on life. it has a lot of deep points in the book, I do not reccomend this book for immature readers. If you don't have a lot of life  experience, you will not understand this book."
"This is honestly the best book I have ever read. It shows that nothing can be completely perfect. Jonas learned that when he was selected to receive memories of our time. His world may seem perfect, but how good can a world without color, affection, or choices be?"
"This dis-utopian novel is a classic. One should not be intimidated by this label though. While incredibly powerful, this work delivers its message very clearly and very quickly. It is not a long novel and one that I was first introduced too at a very young age."
Loved it!!
Enjoyed it
Great book
Great book
Great book
Great Book
Excellent!
Great book
great book
Excellent!
"I can Honestly say that this is the best book that I have ever read, other that the Diary of Anne Frank ( which i highly recommend ) There is a deep meaning to this book, maybe even a religious meaning of wich I adored. I deffinitley loved this book."
"Our opinion of the Giver is it was interestisting, but it was a great adventure. Sometimes it might be a little confusing but in the end it's a great book. It was very well written and it must of taken a long thought process.It was a wonderful book."
"Required reading for a 7th grader!  Though group effort and collaboration are laudable and often time preferred, this story laid the groundwork for a discussion focused on the necessity of independent thought and sometimes an independent course."
"This was one of the most intriguing books I have ever read.  It was clearly well-deserving of the Newbery gold.  The plot attempts to paint a picture of a perfect world.  But as the plot develops, the reader sees aspects of this society which are more characteristic of the brutal reign of the Third Reich than the understanding and compassionate community which appears on the surface.  The fundamental problem with Jonas's world is that it's a ""perfect"" world in imperfect hands.The story introduces enough twists and turns to make it comparable to any film ever made by Alfred Hitchcock or M. Night Shyamalan.  The ending of this book seems to have been hastily put together and was very lacking in terms of conclusion and continuity.  In short, it leaves the reader empty-handed so-to-speak.  And that was the book's primary flaw which I observed.Overall, this is easily one of the best children's books I have ever read, and I have every intention of re-reading it."
"Not nearly  as good as I expected.  Did provide good discussion  at book club.  Can't believe it's YAL-- I have an 11 yo gdaughter and there's  no way I think it's appropriate for her, nor would she understand  it.  Maybe my 16 and 18 yr olds."
"The book didnt realy keep my atention. There were some good parts to it though, like the dream he had about fiona. This isnt realy my kind of book, I like adventure type books that have to do with the outdoors. Overall I give it a two."
Loved the ending.......it made up for the discomfort I felt while reading the book. I loved hearing the author's many life experiences that led her to the story line. Life does mold you. Interesting while odd. Bravo Jonas! Bravo The Giver.
This book only gets better every time I read it. I read it for the first time as a required reading in school and it has always stuck with me. This is probably the sixth time I have read this book and I always manage to get more out of it.
Bbnjejdjdjhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhhdhdhdhdhd jehehdjdjdjj jehehdjdjdjj nsnnsn she nsnsnnsjd snhshdbshdn nsnsnnsjd ndndndjdj ndndndjdjd ndndndjdjd ndndndjdjd snhshdbshdn ndndndjdjd nsnsnnsjd ndndndjdj. Ndndndjdj. Ndndndjdj. Ndndndjdj dnndhdjdhdjdj
"I think ""The Giver is a very good book which touches the worries we have - that one day there will perhaps be a planned society by gen manipulation. And it shows that we don't want that but we want to make decisions and be various."
I read this book with my niece probably 8-9 years ago for English class. We had many interesting conversations while we read it together along with much speculation about Jonas at the end. Really cool story about a society much different than our own. Both of us are rereading it  before we read SON.
The Giver is a favorite of mine.  I know that it doesn't appeal to everyone.  I am not a Science Fiction reader.  This book is more than Science Fiction.  I am an elementary school teacher and have used this book in my classroom for years.  I have colleagues that frowned about the book because they think that is suggest certain things that children shouldn't think about.  A book can suggest whatever the reader wants to read into it.  I personally have found it to be a excellent book to open up discussions about important issues.  I try to read it around the time for black history month.  It is excellent to discuss how people different from ourselves are treated my us.  We discuss self-centeredness and how we want everything to be like us or our way.  Critical thinking is a wonderful skill to teach using this book.  Some have criticized the ending.  I love the open ending that is left for the reader to decide what happens.  Life is open for us to determine our ending based on the way that the issues in this book are addressed in our own lifes.  The book can be used as lightly or as deep as one would like.  Regardless it will leave you thinking.  This is one book that my students and parents talk about for years.
"This book was GREAT! I really enjoyed the book, tells a really good story about living a life in uniformity. Very good book. Would definetly recommend to friend. I say the age group is 6th or 7th grade or above because the author uses some very strong word choice that may be hard to understand."
"This is a well written book that is not pretentious.  The story is simple, but not boring.  I can't wait to see it in the theater.  It was such a great read, that I was surprised it wasn't already on the list of classic literature.  I think this should be required reading for middle schoolers."
"Lately, I've been reading best sellers from the past and that's why I read ""The Giver"".  I wasn't crazy about it.  It left out too many details (didn't explain how it all came to be, for example).  I'm finding that just because books make the best seller list, doesn't mean they're very good."
"This was okay.  I decided to read this after hearing so many teens say they loved this book.  I took a break from reading so many Ted Dekker novels and read ""The Giver.""  Going from so many thrilling novels to this was just a change for me and may be why I give it only three stars."
This even hough not a long book draws you in makes you wonder and makes you imagine what would it would belike to live in a BLACK AND WHITE world. Even after the book is finished you keep thinking what is going to happen next. altogether well written this is one of lois lowreys best book.
"Lois Lowry, an excellent writer best noted for herunforgettable Anastasia series and her Newberry Awardwinning Number the Stars, has created an interesting and original story in her account of Jonas, a unique twelve year old coming of age in a society that is not quite as utopian as his parents might have him believe.  While Lowry's characters are both realistic and likeable and her plot intriguing, her ending leaves much to be desired as it is somewhat ambiguous.  I read this book with the twelve year old student I tutor on two separate occasions, and though we both enjoyed the story, the uncertainty of its ending disturbed him and concerned me.  Lowry appears to have been inspired by an idea pertinent to our technology dominated society, yet she hesitates in addressing the point she wishes to make fully.  I do recommend the book on the basis of its many merits, but I suggest that it be read in the classroom or with a parent so that it might be discussed."
"There is not much I can say that hasn't already been said in these 2,000 plus reviews.  I have read this book many times since grade school and the words still echo in my head.  It really is hard for this story to leave my mind...I think that's what makes it such a successful book."
"I realize that this youth oriented dystopian novel has a long literary history. Compared to more modern, Hunger Games, Divergent series, this book moves very s-l-o-w. One plods through the tedious backstory as the plot drags along. It is more an exercise than a pleasure to read."
Unique
Awful.
Great!
Great!
thanks
Great!
thanks
"Lois Lowry wrote an excellent story.  The ending left a person wondering ""what?""  But to my surprise, she continued the saga with 3 more stories to finish the series and tie all the loose ends up.  Highly recommend."
No ending. It was a great big tease with lots of promise in the build-up and then (spoiler alert) literally no ending. This book is engaging with similar tones as the Hunger Games and 1984 just without the big finish.
"The Giver by Lois Lowry was a really good book that I feel let me down at the ending. The story's main character is an 11 year old boy named Jonas who lives in a community that is assigned wives ,children, homes, and jobs. As Jonas turns 12, he recieves a job different from all the others. The Reciever of Memory. Throughout the story you will learn how Jonas learns about the pain, suffering, and happiness in the past that no longer exists in his community.I really enjoyed this book up until the ending. I liked the first person point of view that was portrayed. Lois Lowry did a good job creating a community like Jonas'. I gave The Giver 3 stars because it was a good book, but i felt like the author just wanted a way to end the book fast.Although I gave this book 3 stars, I recommend this book to people of all ages."
"An exciting story about a modern Utopia.  Would you sacrifice freedom for safety?  See how the story unwinds, when Jonas, selected to be the receiver of memory realizes that he lives in a world without feeling.  No one will ever know the vibrance his life has taken on.  Freedom or safety?  You be the judge!"
I don't know if I was missing something (like the meat of the book) but this reminded me very much of a short story I wrote in high school.
Excelent
Awesome!
liked it
Awesome.
Love it.
Wonderf!
Amazing!
Loved it
This book....one of the best books ever made. This book is for everyone. This book is for all those who wants to live in another world and the world in this story is wondreful. You NEED to buy this!!!
"What a touching book. It shows the ultamite value of the human spirit, even in the face of danger. This book is the most touching book i have ever read, and may it's message live in the hearts of all."
"Making you feel what you are reading is the sign of a great book (or movie).  I would love to give it 5 stars, but the ending is too weak.  Don't let that stop you from getting it...it's a great book."
"The way Lois Lowry wrote this book is great. It is pretty confusing at first, but it clears up. It is weard how they think of our world and we think of theirs. This book should be a must for readers."
"I had a class on dystopian fiction in college with one of my favorite professors, so between that and the fact that this is, essentially, a book for young adults, perhaps I am jaded. I mean, I see why so many people like it so much, but after readingBrave New World,Nineteen Eighty-Four,1985and great heaping mounds of sci-fi, I find myself thinking ""meh."" I had all the big twists figured out by about page 60, and the biggest well before that.So, bottom line: if you're just getting started in the genre, this is a great place for it. If you've been in for a while, I think you can skip it, unless you have an obsession for thoroughness or just want to be able to participate in conversations about this book knowledgeably."
"A friend's daughter was required to read this book for school, and the mom was so struck by it she gave it to me.  It is haunting, compelling, hard to put down.  A lot to think about.  This book should make us question where we are going and also make us take a hard look at the past.  This current weekend of Dr. Martin Luther King's birthday was an excellent time to read this.  As the book addresses much about memories, both painful and pleasurable, this is an opportune time to reflect on our beliefs, actions towards others, and what we want for our children.  An outstanding book, The Giver is wonderful for young people and adults.  This book will stay with me, as some other books in my life have done, constantly challenging me to think and feel when I recall the story.  Top-notch!"
"Outstanding book, using the book with my reading circle.  Students are really enjoying the book.  It works well on my kindle.  I recommend the book to anyone l involved in a reading circle or group."
"I wasn't sure what to expect, but this is a fascinating world, excellent read for Tweens. Dystopic world without the political violence in YA books. I look forward to reading this with my daughter."
A watered down version of Huxley's Brave New World about a dystopian society. Written from a 12 year old perspective so young teenagers can relate to it. (Spoiler) I enjoyed the non-closure ending.
"I originally read this for a university class on teaching reading to elementary aged students. I have passed it around to my whole family and everyone has loved it, from young to senior citizen."
"I was substitute teaching an 8th grade class, they were reading this book as an assignment, so I picked it up and started reading.  It is a quick read with many thought provoking ideas.  I enjoyed it very much."
"When writing a book with a setting where there is no poverty no theives and so forth it would probably be very hard to maintain your train of thought, but Lowry did an excelent job and created a wonderful book."
"I am 12 years old and simply love ""The Giver"".  I began reading the book as a leasure activity before my amazing teacher decided to do a unit on the book by reading it aloud to the class. I admit, it was even  better the 2nd time around! [if possible] I began my book report on the  book with the simple scentance: ""Jonas lived in a world without  choices. A celestial community, a utopian society."" My report went on  including the basic plot about how after the ceremony of 12, Jonas  discovers that he is different from the others in his community and how he  began his training with the Giver. Anyways, I won't go on because there is  soooo much in this book that I cannot fit into 1,000 words. So all in all,  I am simply agog by the content of ""The Giver"" and thuroughly  congratulate Ms. Lowry's fine work."
"The thrilling life of a young boy is never as wonderful as it could be if the child was able to make his own choices. I enjoyed the book and the story plot, yet I had to disagree with the detail on page 150.:)"
"I'm really not a person who gets into books.  I'm 12 now and that book was the only book I ever read where  I actually cried.  I won' t tell you what was so sad, that would spoil it.  READ IT!  IT'S WORTH IT!"
I liked this book because I could relate to the main character. The words made clear images in my mind. The trouble with the book is in my opinion it ended to quickly. I think everyone would enjoy this book.
This book was the best. I especially liked how it really got you thinking on whether or not this could happen in real life. If you have Fahrenheit 451 then I would suggest reading this book.You'll love it.
"I thought this book was really good. The place that this book is set in makes you think about how things are today. The ending is a little confusing, but if you read it over a few times, it gets clearer."
"I do not know why Amazon only had this available in the $10 offer. I read this book in a few hours. while inventive and thought provoking, I know of other books far more deserving of all this attention."
The book came in within the time guaranteed. great condition! Thank you! I am very happy with the service that Amazon provides for its users. It's reliable and always a go-to for gifts and school books.
Good book
Love it!!
Excellent
As shown.
Good book
good read
Good read
Very Good
Good read
Good book
love!
Great
Great
"It was confusing at first and I am still trying to figure out the end. It is a very cool , wierd Book... I liked it alot maybe you will too. the twists and turns... colourless world..."
I think this book was exellent it had so much power.This was a very interesting book because it had a way of getting you to think.I deffinetly would recommend a part 2 for the story.
"A Thank You to the author of this fantastic story.  A friend suggested this book a while back,  I'm sorry I did not read it sooner.  Teachers of Jr. High  to High School take note"
"Belong to a bookclub, and they rejected it as a selection.  Although a thin book, after b.c. thumbs downed it, I never finished the book.  My shipment of it was fine.  No problems."
One of the most interesting books you will ever be required to read. This is one of my favorites and I read it in 8th grade. A book that inspired me to become an American Lit major
"A great book. This is a book that will interest ages 10 through adult.  With the movie out if you have seen the moviesnd and read the book, take the opportunity to read this book."
"Interesting story line.  I found this on a recommendation list for The Hunger Games books.  Not as good as those stories, but it does have a really good and unique story line."
The Giver is a well written book.  It will keep you reading for a long time.  It is about a kid named Jonas who lives in a town where everything is the same.  When Jonas turns twelve he is selected to be the Receiver of Memories.  There is no turning back now.
Held my interest although I kept waiting to understand the message the author was conveying was it like a warning?  It forced me to continue reading to the end. But have to say I did not enjoy the story. Made me distressed I'd rather read up lifting stories.
"i totally loved this book but u r not sure if it is a happy or sad ending. if it is a happy ending and the aurther made it clear i would give this book 5 stars, but if it is a sad ending i would give the book 3. i just really wish i could know what happened!"
It is not often that you come to a book that is as thought provoking as The Giver. This book has a good life lessons found within it without being didatic. The ending is also left open so that a kid can be creative and imagine how they would want it to end.
"My college Comp. II teacher describes this book as ""no longer just for children.""  It is now making it's way on to campuses across the US.  It's ""young adult"" reading level doesn't compromise it's message.  You should give it a try, no matter what age you are.I read The Giver in Elementary School, and remember liking it very much.  I didn't understand it at the level I do now, but I did get the main concept.  Contrary to popular belief, it will not ruin your child.  Parents shielding their children from excellent literature like this only worsens the current lack of maturity I see coming out of elementary school students.  Do you think it is a coincidence that the children or our society are taking on all responsibilities 5 years later than the average person of a century ago?  Some parents' groups are trying to ban The Giver from their local school districts.  It should be required reading.  Books don't hurt anybody.  Censorship, however, does deprive them of character building material, to which they should have the right to read."
"This book was a good, quick read.  The ending leaves you hanging with a lot of unanswered questions.  In order to understand all of the story, you must keep reading the series.  Read Gathering Blue, Messenger, and Son in order to fully understand the story."
This was my second time reading the book. I am 21 now and read it originally when I was 12. The story is an interesting concept and take on the value of freedom. The material caters to an older audience but the writing style is better suited for teens.
"I read this story in order to prepare for when I have my class read it.  I thought the story was well done and very rivoting, that is, until the ending. The story goes along fine until the last chapter and it seems like Lowry just got tired and wanted to finish it off without having to really develop it. It was quite abrupt and disappointing. I know that the author wants to leave the ending open, the reader comes up with their own conclusion. But I think she was wrong with leaving it so ambiguous. Even when she was given the Newbery award she refused to clarify the ending. This is not the kind of thought provoking ending I want to give middle school students. I believe they will find it disturbing and feel cheated (as I did) at leaving it unresolved. I read ""Gathering Blue"" and felt much better after having read that book.Lowry did state in and interview that she sees the ending (in The Giver)as optimistic ...  I can't take ambiguity! I need closure! The book would have deserved a 5, except for the ending."
"I think that this is a great book, if you like to let your mind wonder a little and explore possibilities of the future of civiliazation.  The writer keeps you into the book even without action and adventure like qualities it gets you hooked like one."
"First I would like to say that I am probably not the intended audience for this book. I read this as filler while waiting for other books to become available on my local library's overdrive site.Though I enjoyed most of the book, the conclusion left me empty. It was as if the author lost the 2nd half, or couldn't be bothered to write an epilogue. To be honest, I would have felt cheated if it had taken more than an hour to finish.Judging this as a work of science fiction for all audiences, which might be unfair, the end could have been grimmer or the climax more chaotic to add gravitas to the protagonist's final actions. Imagining myself as a 10 to 12 year old, this book would have gone back to the library after the 3rd chapter. It would not have held my interest like 1984 & Animal Farm, nor had the moral effect of the Black Cauldron series, all of which I had read by that age.  Maybe the reason for the Newbery award was that it was digestible enough to be added to 4th and 5th grade reading plans."
Awesome
Nothing
LOVE!!!
Perfect
love it
Awesome
Classic
awesome
A gift.
Enjoyed
My 12 year old son and I read this one and discussed it.  The storyline really got my son thinking and his imagination going.  BOTTOM LINE - Great Youth Lit adults enjoy too.
From my 12 year old daughter.  I didn't really like the ending. It is a really good book though. I couldn't put it down after I read chapter 5! Thank you Lois lowery!!!!!!
"Written at a 6th grade reading level, The Giver has very little literary or stylistic value.  It is filled with cliched rhetoric such as ""intelligence"" ""integrity"", ""courage"", and ""wisdom"" -- words fit for a middle school graduation.  Lowry creates a futuristic world that seems too much like a follow up of Orwell's *1984*, and is really a very bland version of *Brave New World*.  The themes and ideas can hardly be called original.  Though for a children's book, it is quite valuable in its effective warning against modern society's trend toward regimentation and sterilization.  As for anyone over 12 years of age, read Brave New World if you want intellectual stimulation."
I personally think that this book makes you think about the emotions and actions that you take for granted everyday. I LOVED this book! it forces you to comtemplate THINK.
"This book is a quick read and captivating, particularly as the book goes on. It presents a strange way to think about freedom but would be a great book discussion group."
"The best book I ever read. My class is reading it and theycan't put it down. I love this book so much. It just smacks you rightin the face and you say, that's so weird."
"I like the storyline, it could have been a great novel.  The book just never seemed to get going.  I kept waiting for the drama to kick in but it really never did."
These books are written to start conversations.  My son and I enjoyed them because we both were able to get so much out of out discussions after reading each book.
This book was very interesting and i always wanted to know what was on the next page! The ending is emotional in many ways an  feelings! Totally read this book!!!!
"This book is inspiring and beautifully written. This is a book I would recommend to EVERYONE. My siblings and I all love this book. READ IT, LOVE IT, CHERISH IT."
"It was a good book,it was really weird.It lets you see how great it is to have feelings.Its also great to know something you thought wasn't what it really was."
"It was a great book because it had true, realistic characters and true ways that a real person would deal with these un-real situations. I enjoyed it immensly."
"this book was a very good one. i especially liked the ending.i recemend this story for anyone who is intrestead in an unforgetable, adventurace, great book!"
This book is amazing . It has a good well thought out plot that works together. I rated it a 5 b/c it was an amazing book with an even better happy ending.
This book is a little hard to understand at first. It is written very well and is a very strong book. I would refer it to anybody any day. Very good book.
A book club  based in Tokyo will discuss this book at our next meeting.  Has any other book club or group read this?  We'd be interested in your comments.
I loved this book and all that was happening and I thought that Jonas bringing Gabriel was so nice but the sad part is that he can't return to the giver.
"Well the book was for an English class. It was only fifty cents, but the shipping was like five dollars!! It took a while for it to come in the mail too."
This book is so alwsome! you can read it a million times and still get something new out of it every time! I myself have read it 4 times and i'm only 12!
Dis was a book!It was a purty book!I lik dis!Ya berks!Um....!Books!Need mer werds...ok word word ifunny is good word
This book is GREAT! I didnt want to stop reading it.The suspense is unbearable. I've told all of my friends about this great book and they enjoy it too.
good
good
Yeah
good
Good
gift
good
A+++
Love
great book
Great book
Great Book
no comment
Good read.
Good book.
Great read
Great book
Great book
Disturbing
love
good
Good
nice
Good
Good
Good
Good
none
Sent
Good
good
Good
Good
"This was one of the first books I got that I really disliked. My mom got it for me when I was about 11 or 12 and I got all the way to the ""baby part"" (which I'm sure you all have heard about...uck!) I had to put it down because I was crying to hard. I decided to finish it because I really liked the main character and still wanted to know the ending but to this day I still don't know how it ended because that one chapter was haunting me and I could get it out of my head. Anytime me and my friends talk about books in general I always say how I couldn't stand this one."
I was very interested in why?  Why would someone make families and change how they integrate and share.  It made me want to find out about the end.
I am Savi. I am 10 years old and I love this book. I am going to bye the 2nd book. Jones is in another planet of somehow. It is an amazing book.
I really enjoyed the book!  I hope that more people would read this book and see how this possibility could become reality.  What a great book!
"The Giver was the best book I have ever read. It was heartrenching,sad, happy, just AMAZING. I give Lois Lowry 3 thumbs up!(Lindsay-14 yr old)"
Love this book!
"a strange little book about a society overstructured and somewhat dehumanized.  Interesting enough, probably best suited for younger readers."
"I hadn't read this book in 15 years, and wanted to re-read it before I watched the movie.  It was just as good as I had remembered it to be."
"The book had my attention the entire time, but the book was ambiguous at times. Overall it was one of the better books that one encounters."
This book is recommended for many dystopian literature lovers!!!!  I loved it! Please read the rest if this series!!!!! It is the best yet!
I first read the Giver in 5th or 6th grade and continue to re-read it every so often to see what new things I can gain from the experience.
"Fast read, interesting concept. Good book for book club discussions. Our book club was able to get into a heated discussion about the book."
Ididn't really like The Giver becuase it didn't have a nice ending. I would have perfered it to be like Jonas and Gabriel reach Elsewhere and decide to go back and the comity of Elders lets Gabriel stayu and live with Jonas and his family and Gabriel grows up to be the receiver of memories and they all live happly ever after. Then I would rate this book beter. I also think that there should be a sequel becuase this is a book that could easly continue. I think that this book could be beter if tryed.  leboGDOG
I bought this version for my daughter and she found the pictures distracting and off-putting. Recommend the traditional full-text version.
"I really enjoyed the story but I think it should have ended 30 pages later. Or at least have a sequel, I feel like it leaves you hanging."
"i read the book a while ago and it had  good parts and bad parts but overall it was kinda chessey, i woundnt give it to any of my friends"
Great
Great
great
Happy
great
Weird
Great
Great
Love!
Great
"Once I was able to get past the first chapter or so, it was so fast a read.  It's a book that everyone can enjoy, young and old alike."
I liked this book it was very interesting filled with unexpected memories and stories. I liked the giver he was a good friend to Jonas
A very easy read.  Recommend you get the whole set at a discounted price.. because you will want to continue reading the whole series.
"I had to read this book for school, and it was one of the better ones. A very interesting idea, but it does leave some to be desired."
This will always be one of my absolute favorite books.It is amazing and i recommend it to all people between the ages of 7 and 14.
"A stimulating book, well written and a great discussion starter. A cross between science fiction and fantasy. Remains current today."
"The one in a million book  you really get this book it is great,amazing awesome I'll say this again you should get this book!!!!!!!!"
Well written! Beautiful book! Absolutely love love love! Can never get tired of reading. The book is 10 times better than the movie
"It was ok. Ideas not well developed. And of course, no resolution or ending. Good for filling a few hours, but don't expect closure"
"This is the best book I have ever read! Though excluding HP and the HBP, This book is INCREDIBLE.CAUTION:I do not especially recommend this book to kids below the age of 10."
Cffydythhfuvytfvuy uyvtrvuytrvuf hgjffkgfgfdesrhghh get gig hg gy gig g gig gig chihuahua gigs ugly guffaw fguyfu u guys ugg u
This book was great. At some parts were funny and others were sad. I suggest this book to people who like dystopian societies.
Book was delivered when promissed. A great read. Discusses big ideas in great format--my students were engaged the whole time.
"I thought was a very good book. It really makes you think how the world today compares to this book. Read it, you'll like it!"
Have read this several times. I would absolutely recommend it to others. Excellent lessons to be taken away from this book.
"Unusual and thought provoking.  Sort of fairy tale.  Need time to ""digest"".  It is a gray worldI guess.  What else?"
"just a great read, can't put into words emotionally touching and engaging couldn't put it down recommend to everyone around"
This book is great for middle schoolers. I think that it can get quite consfusing towrds the middle though so watch out. :)
"I read this book as an assignment for a children's literature class.  This book really kept my attention simply because of how odd it is.  It's odd, but interestingly odd.  Lois Lowry does a good job at keeping the mystery going.  She gives you clues all over the place so you can solve the mystery as you go.  It was masterfully written.  It also is full of topics to talk about, such as communism, abortion, euthenasia, etc.  It is a good book to get people thinking."
"I did not like this book at all. I don't know, maybe it's just me, but I like books THAT MAKE SENSE! The Giver had nothing to do with reality and did not make much sense at all. For example- where did it take place? I had to write a report on it with a paragraph of the setting...and I had to say 'a community'. I'm sorry but I don't really understand where everyone is getting the idea that this book is 'perfect' and all. I mean I can KINDA see where your coming from if you were to say that the book makes you think or is intresting. Because I'm not going to lie The Giver was OK and intresting to read and get away from it all...but it's a LITTLE over the top.I was giving MY opinion,-Megan V.-"
"Great book. Challenged, and I would not recommend it to someone who is in the 4th grade or lower. Overall, WONDERFUL!!!!!"
I liked this book because it was emotional  but not horrible mAke u cry but made u thankful. I would recommend this book.
I would give it a 5 star but the ending was too abrupt and confusing.  Maybe I just wanted the story to end differently.
I have never read recently such a  book as this so well organized in plot.  I read it through to the end without a stop.
"I guess we are spoilt now by hunger games and divergent. This is almost a story about nothing happening, just memories."
The Giver is a good book that shows you that even when it is a perfect world there are still bad things that can hppen.
"This is an awesome book. I first read it in 5th grade for a science fiction unit. When I heard that we were doing science fiction I almost died. When I thought of sci fi I thought of aliens, spaceships, and time machines. This book changed my entire veiw of sci fi. I read it over and over again that year and I even won a writing contest to meet Lois Lowry telling about how this book changed my life. You absolutely MUST read this book. It's awesome."
I think this book is a great book because this book makes you think about our life and how we thought we had it bad.
"It's a very exciting book.  It has three different subjects science fiction,fantacy,and some advanture.  I loved it!"
This was recommended by my daughter. She has read the four books. We watched the movie as well Book is better
The book is fantastic. The price was perfect. I was not disappointed in any way. I can't wait to order another book
THE GIVER WAS THE BEST BOOK I HAVE READ IN A LONG TIME.  I SUGGEST THAT EVERYONE READ THIS BOOK.  HAPPY READING!!!!
"Very confusing at times near the end. Other than that, great book! It is very monogamous at times but overall good"
This book moved slowly to me it was  hard book to read and listen to but that's just me so you might not think so*
i cant afford to get the book i got the sample its pretty good guess ok  bye people it had agood setting and theme
"Very depressing, not what I expected at all.  I read this before the movie came out - I hope the movie is better."
i choose this rating because it is truly an amazing book. i would recommend this too young adults. fantastic book
I haven't even read this book but they're making me review it so......... it probably sucksHave a nice day
great book!  I love how in the end jonas saves gabriel from release I so all in all it is good and likeable book
I read this in 7th grade English. I loved it so when I got my Kindle I bought the book!!!! Highly recommended!!!
"This book made me look at life in a different way when I finished it, you should definitely read this book"
The Giver is a great book and I never knew it had illustrations. I never read any other book by Lois Lowry
This book was amazing I choose a five star rating because I really enjoyed it I wish it didn't have to end
"This book changed my life and it was sooo exciting. Will be reading many times more. Great book, very cool"
These books are so amazing. Each book is its own and then they all just mesh in the end. Highly recommend
"Great book, it is one of my favorites. I recommend this to every one with a taste for a good sci-fi read!"
"this book has a great story line, but a terrible ending. I really wish the auther would hve either taken off the last paragraph or so, or added a few more chapters. also i found that the way that people were released was a bit disturbing, but the way that jonas's dad releasesd the newborn child was the most disturbing of all, especially how he lied about it. Good book, just skip the ending."
very interesting story. sent for and read next 2 books.  have already passed it on for others to enjoy.
not my cup of tea but read it on a friend's recommendation. we don't have the same taste in literature.
Really makes you think and reflect on what we value as important in society and our life. A Great Read.
Good book until I got to the end. I thought I was missing some pages. It left me asking all kinds of questions.
Unique words. Blah blah blah. Is this over yet? Almost. And now I'm finally almost pretty much done right now.
Hsjjjjkwkloeohgywyuiuduhyye iDisks sissies wise wow wise iwiwk I is I I I wink wiki win win one in I wmiwmonoo
great book cant wait to read the other ones. the book was very good quality as well and for such a great price
The ending was not what I was expecting. Left me hanging. Don't think I'll be ready the others in this series.
Yes
Yuk
Yee
***
Such a great story filled with many twists and turns. I'm extremely excited to read the next couple of books!
"I really enjoyed this book. Yes, I wish the ending would've been a little more clearer but I can't change that. This is a really good book and the themes and messages in our are so strong and relevant. I can't believe it took me this long to read this but better late than never!"
"When I was in the 7th grade our teacher read us this book. While browsing through Amazon I came across it. It was a wonderful book than, and now I have decided to buy the book. It is very unique and makes you think long, and hard. I would recommend this book to any and everyone."
"When my friend told me about this book I didn't think that I was going to like it. But when I read the whole thing I was surprised that I liked it. I love the way that Lois Lowry wrote the book. I was very pleased with how the story followed Jonas and overall, I liked the book."
"This book was good for more advanced readers. The plot andcharacters were hard to understand. Most of the characters could notsee color. The plot developed slowly. If the civilization was explained, the book would be more understandable.  I was astonished at the end when..."
"This is a required reading in many a  classroom so I decided I would see what all the hooplah was about. For me The Giver was a painful read. There was no depth of personality to the characters. I realize that was the way it was in the civilization at the time but I found myself only caring about one character in the whole book and that was only for a few pages.  I found it depressing and couldn't wait to complete my assignment. From what I can tell, most people either hate it or love it. I hated it."
This book starts off very boring.  The first 50 pages areboring and I would skip over them.  The middle of the book is greatand it makes you wonder about our culture and if we could make improvments on it.  the end is wierd.  It leaves the reader not knowing what happened.
Boring read.  Nothing exciting about it.  Wouldn't recommend it.  I kept waiting for something to happen and it never did.
I feel The Giver is an excellent book.  I enjoyed because i read it is 7th grade and in eigth grade. I got something more  out of it every year I read it.  I fell if your bored and looking for something to do go out and get The Giver because I think you will enjoy it!
"Although well written, this book MUST NOT be available or required of a pre=teen to young teen.  I would suggest it be restricted to adults only-those beyond college also as today's college persons do not appear to have the discerning ability to process the content."
"I really liked the book's body. I thought wow, this is a great book! Then when I found out how people were released, it socked me. I didn't expect that was the way they released people. I thought they just outcast people, not exicute them. But overall it was an o.k."
"One of the worst books I've read in years. The premise for the storyline was weak, if  not ludicrous; and the ending was shameful."
Very good book. My wife ordered it for her classroom. She and the kids enjoyed reading it and finishing lesson involving the book.
This book was so amazing such detail and such a good story I only had to read this for a report :/ class but I ended up loving it!
This was suggested by a friend. I loved reading about this futuristic society.  I also read it to my 10 yr olds who loved it too!
"this book is weird compared to our daily lives, but what strang is that this might happen to us the way our economys hedding."
"...it is such a good book, when I started reading it, I couldn't stop. I didn't have dinner,or lunch, when i started reading, my mom had to take the book away from me, to stop me! it made me cry in the middle, and at the end, I love this book, it's really good, so before you jus turn the page, and say, nah, that doesn't look like a good book, well YOUR WROUNG! I would buy this book, if your like 8-50, even adults can read it. so when your out of good books to read, just get THE GIVER."
I bought this for my daughter for Christmas. It arrived in a timely manner and she loves it! I was very happy with my purchase.
I first red this book when I was 11.  I thought the plot was outstanding because it was unpredictable and it held my attention.
"This book should be on anyone's reading list...as a matter of fact, i think it's required in most schools in the United States."
It makes feel like a kid all over again. It is suspenseful and deep right from the start it is definitely a good bedtime story.
"I enjoyed the idea for this book, and will read the series, yet it is something easily read by grade schools."
"This book was for my daughter, she said it was a good book, for school mandatory readingHave a good day"
I don't usually read this type of book . But I ended up really liking it . It gave you a lot to think about .
Interesting book to read that's seems to continue  but the next book seems to be e tire different story mmmm
This is an awesome book for young adults.  I totally related to the story.  It made me appreciate life more.
"The first half of the book is great. It is one of the most interesting stories I have ever read. This is part of the problem. I was so excited and anxious to find out what happens next, that I was hugely disappointed. To sum it up, the ending is a terrible disappointment. It feels like halfway through the book, the author was in need of money, so they slapped together a few more chapters and shipped it."
"Over rated and lame ending. It was ok, but what's all the hype about? I had high expectations for this one."
"I downloaded for my daughter's school book report, but I read it as well. I was pleasantly pleased with it!"
Great book!
Everyone talked so well about the book. I guess I was the handful of people who didn't really care for it.
I really enjoyed this book. The characters are the great! The book was hard to put down once I started
Awsome great book I'm reading it for a class project that we are doing really good for chapter 1 and 2
5 starThis is a good book I like it a lot in telling the people about it I love this book
I love It hi. I'm Leanne and I'm in middle school and this is the best book ever you should read it!!
Great book but no real ending to the story. I am so dissapointed because I want to know what happens.
In my opinion one my favourite books. I love it so much! A little surprised by the ending though. :)
Is it smart to force a review on a book you haven't read yet? With a word quota to boot.  How stupid
she is 11 years old and she loved it so I bought the other three in the series at a local book store
It had me in shockThe details were amazing I couldn't put  it down the author did a great job
"The Giver was the best book that i have ever read. I really liked the fictional idea of the community, and how the people in it were very well described. The only part that i did not like was the last line where it says, ""But Perhaps it(the music jonas heard) was only an echo."" I though this line really ruinged the end of the book, and it weakened the boldness of it."
Fascinating concept. Well executed by the author. Powerful story.
"This a great read. If you like dystopian novels, read this one."
Very interesting...I'm glad my granddaughter recommended it
This book is about a controlled society in which no one is encouraged to be different.  Similar to the Stepford wives in that everyone is expected to conform.  The ending was a surprise and was pretty creepy.
"I read this book in one day, but it wasn't really that great, in my opinion.  It seemed just like all the other utopian/distopian books I've read.  However, if you like this kind of literature, then go for it."
"I liked most of it, but didn't care for the ending.  What?"
"Did not read this book yet, but heard it is a good read."
"I cried,laughed,and felt the joy that was flowing  in this book.I could not put it down because it was so different.I think anyone could read this book it is very unique and perfect for any reader!"
A wonderful book! I recommend it to everyone. Any age!
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is a very opinionated book.  Different people will think different things about the book and I think there are too many choices to make at the end of the story.  In The Giver, a child named Jonas is getting his new `assignment' for his life and he just happens to get the `Receiver of Memory'.  He then must receive memories of things that other people in the community do not know. In the Giver, Lowry tried to make some sort of Utopia (Perfect World) and wanted to show that this would probably never happen and that this world might be perfect but there are still some flaws in it.  The author also tries to show that our world also has flaws.  I think the author tried to go too far into the future because it might be a long time until we invent or do things [are bad] as: people come and take your dishes at night, when you get hurt or have pain, they bring a pill to you and the pain just goes away. I believe this book should not be intended for children or young adults, I think it should be for people 14 years and up.  This book should not have been made for everyone because it shows a kid that committing suicide will get you out of a problem or a bad situation.  This book haunts me in my sleep and I am 12, I'm not scared of hardly anything but this book scared me.  Just think about it, would you want your child to be reading a book where a 12 year old washes and cleans and elderly person?  Would you want your child to be reading a book where somebody injects a baby in the head with some sort of liquid?  Would you want your child to be reading a book where a boy dreams of bathing a girl in his sleep?  If I could, I would ban this book in any library or store.  Because of these reasons, I give The Giver one out of five stars."
Great book for children. It is really nice story for kids between the age of 10 and 15 to enjoy it
I read this book in high school and it influenced the rest of my life.  It was very eye-opening =)
this is an utterly cold novel about social acceptance and what it means to be socialy unacceptable
I really liked this book! I wasn't sure at first but the farther I got the more I wanted to read!
Loved it though the whole thing. Read it to your enjoyment I dare u you. Very very very good book
Pedestrian
I read this book in high school and still really enjoy it and now i can read it whenever i want.
The way the author leaves a lot of suspense kept me hook. One of the best books I've ever read.
good good good good good good good good good good goood gooood oopmfdm'd;  df ;ak fv k fj ajk m
"I use this book as a tool to teach students about the line between Science Fiction and Fantasy. SPOILER ALERT!  It is an implausible fantasy.The story does involve a dystopian community and it does communicate a significant and interesting theme about the value of freedom, personal choice and love, but as a class, our main enjoyment comes from pointing out the inconsistencies and illogical premises that Lowry was too lazy to repair!"
I have really enjoyed reading this book
My granddaughter needed it for a class
interesting concept. thought provoking
the book had a lot of twist and turns in it.kind of weird took.the ending I found disappointing.I am not recommending it
k
.
"I am an Eighth Grader in Middle School.  I read this book for my reading class, in a few days.  Lots of my friends had read the book before and liked it.  The story is about a Utopian community and a boy, Jonas, learning more about the outside world.  I did not find the story line very intriguing.  In fact, I found it a little boring.  I found myself just wanting to finish the book, instead of enjoying it.  There weren't many surprises along the way, and it failed to keep me guessing throughout the book.  My predictions were almost all correct, and book just seemed to stop.  The ending was probably the worst part of the book.  The chapters leading up to the ending seemed to go too fast for me.  It was like Ms. Lowry just decided to end the book there.  There were other things in the book that just seemed never to be explained.  They just were.  For example, the places in the book, like the family units, and House of the Old, were not described very well.  The author never gave you a visual picture. You couldn't imagine yourself there, like in other good books.  I also found it too unrealist for me.  It wasn't a BAD book, just not a good one."
Was very boring except for the part where we found out what release meant.I was trudging through this book.
might be okay for 8-9 year old..
Cant wait to read the next book.
the book the giver is a great book and i have lots of fun reading this book. i find it interesting.  to me its like reading how the future is like/ or will be.  if i were to rate this book the giver on a scale of 1-5 i'd give it a five.
I liked the book because it made me think. I think the author's prupose was to tell us to look at the things we have in our real world. I thought the author handled the resolution good. It makes you think how you want the story to end.
"Wow! This book is nothing short of THE ABSOLOTE BEST!!!!!What to say? The only way to understand is to READ EVERY LAST WORD!!It will change your life, and send tears streaming down your face.Not for the faint of heart, THE GIVER RULES!"
It's a tremendous book! I would recommend lots of people to read The Giver if I were you... This is a fascinating book about a boy named Jonas and how things work around his community & how it's controlled. A Perfect Society. Read It.
This book is my all time favorite!  It leaves so much for the imagination to ponder and is a little frightening to think that one day lives could become this way.  The story of Jonas' courage and passion is one not to be forgotten.
My kids have been telling me for years to read this book and I am glad I finally listened. What a creative tale of how a society functions and what extents must sometimes be gone to for doing what is right. Imaginative and clever.
"This book had me drawn in from start to finish. Lowry did an awesome job of making you think. The ending is very open and you may not like that about this book, but it leaves alot of room for discussion in or out of the classroom."
"I read this book back in middle school and I remembered that it was a great book, but I could not really remember the details so I decided to read it again. I'm halfway through it and can remember why I loved it so much as a kid."
The Giver is a very well written book! I loved reading it. It is a good book for older kids and adults. I give the Giver two enthusiastic thumbs up!I have not read the sequel Gathering Blue but Iam shur it will be a good book!
"This book is of a boy that lives in a world without color, excitement, fun, or anything out of the ordinary.  This one little boy from a bland world is one of the few of those people to experience the things of the real world."
Rather ho hum predictable ending
"I don't understand what's the big deal about this book. Having read tons of scifi, I expected more from a Newberry winner. What I got was a rehash of The Lottery, with the typical utopian society so immersed in its own sickness it can't see straight. This book is all right for younger audiences, but I like more complexity and originality in my books."
This book was a quick read however it opened up the imagination to its fullest extent.  Very clever.
"I really wanted to like this one too...I enjoy the dystopia type society and what could be world. I was into this about the first 50 pages or so and then the rest of the book just left me feeling bleh. It's been done before and better with A Brave New World, 1984, and Fahrenheit 451. (with the first two, so I've been told, but with Fahrenheit definitely.)I got the feeling throughout the last half of the book that she was telling me what was good and what was bad and how I should feel. Like with The Adoration of Jenna Fox I want these types of books to lay out the questions and themes without answering them for me.I can see why people enjoy this book; it's horrific and kind of thrusts the creepiness and icky factor upon you with a sense of relief that you're sure glad your life isn't like this...but it just answered for me instead letting me answer for myself. I guess it's an OK read if you don't try to take too many things from it, but I know Lowry was trying to teach here and thus my displeasure."
Can't wait to see the movie
This was a veary nice book
"Several months ago I came across this book while browsing the Newbery Medal winners in my bookstore. I picked it up because it looked like a quick read and for some reason I was convinced the book would be about a Native American Medicine Man who takes on a young student.To my chagrin, the book turned out to be about a communist type society. To be honest, I read the first 25 pages of this book and tossed it aside. Recently, I read a handful of the reviews at amazon and realized I may have misjudged the book. I returned to it, and forced myself through what I still believe is a very slow beginning. In the end, I am glad I read this book, as it eventually demonstrates the fallacy of the communist ideology.I won't tell you what happens, but will encourage you to read this book. And don't do like I did and judge this book too soon. Keep reading. Keep reading."
"I was asked to read this book because it was assigned to 5th grade students.  I must admit I had a variety of feelings concerning book as I read through the pages.  My first reaction was of concern for the life style and some of the situations described.  As I read further, I began to see some real value to the story and actually did enjoy the book.  However, I do have concerns about this book being assigned to children younger than in the 7th or 8th grade.  There is alot in this book which I think would be better for older children to read and discuss....not 11 year olds.  Parents, if your child is asked to read this book or wants to read it on his/her own, I highly suggest that you read it first.  If you think it is appropriate for your child, please take the time for discussion afterwards. This is not a light-hearted book....."
"I thought ""The Giver"" by Lois Lowry was an okay book.  The storyline and plot of the book was entertaining.  It was creative, and I did like it.  I found the actually story to be hard to get into though, but that was mostly because of the writing style.  I would recommend this book to anyone who is interested in the fantasy or futuristic type stories.  The ideas in the plot were original, but sometimes it got a little confusing what the characters were talking about or meant - especially in the beginning of the book.  I felt that the wording the author used made parts of the story a little boring, but other parts kept you interested in reading more.  I would rate The Giver three stars because the story itself was good, it just needed to be written with a little bit different words, so that the story flowed more."
"It is said that censorship reflects a society's lack of confidence in itself. The community of Lois Lowry's book The Giver has so little confidence in itself or in its citizenry that books are prohibited, with the exception of a dictionary and a sort of Yellow Pages directory to stores and businesses. Except that they don't seem to have telephones. Or TVs. Or radios. Or music. It's a very stifling way to live, as protagonist Jonas discovers, once a glimpse into history opens his eyes to alternative living arrangements. Reading this book made me think about where my thoughts and ideas come from, how I am influenced by books, television, the music I listen to. What would I think about all day if it weren't for these media? What kind of person would I be? Censorship, in a real sense, colors my world gray."
"This book was pretty good except for some disturbing parts. Lois Lowry did an excellent job describing all of the memories that the main charater Jonas was given in his job that was chosen for him at the age of tweleve. His job is to recieve memories from this man called the Giver. In Jonas's ""perfect society"" there is no color, choices, music, or feelings. When I say feelings I mean nothing. They do not feel love, pain, sadness, or memories like war, death, animals,(yes they don't have animals or know what they are)weather, cars, airplanes, or holidays. That isn't even all of the things they don't have or know about. They also chose you husband/wife. You do not get any say in who it is. There is no choice in this community. That isn't the most disturbing of all. In the community when you become ""useless"" or old you are moved to the house of the old. After a while when they think you become really ""useless"" you are killed by being injected with a clear liquid. If you think that is disturbing they do the same thing with babies too! Only 50 babies are born a year by the birthmothers (a job you can get) if twins are born or a baby isn't OK to be given to a family (yes they are given children they do not have them) they kill them with the same liquid as the old people except it is injected into their forehead!This book utterly disturbed me. If you do not like to read about gruesome death I strongly advise you not to read this."
My daughter enjoyed it. She liked the style of writing and the conclusion.
perfect
See my reaction above.
not in very good shape
"The writer has a high opinion of herself. In my opinion. She tried too hard to condense a surrel idea tightly between the covers of a short novel. There are questions left unanswered at the end and for Lowry to say in the interview that it is ""up to the reader to decide"" is confirmation of the fact that she has no idea herself what the ending is. Being esoteric and mysterious is not the answer. To live like they did in the story takes fear,(flying a plane), love (bringing up a child) and anger (bringing up a child). Ludicrous to think such tasks are impossible without the associated emotions. For a start.At the end, he glides through the snow towrds the light and the music. I think it is here where Lowry's ego crashes."
I THINK THIS BOOK IS VERY INTERESTING AND I THINK U SHOULD READ IT
Arrived as expected.
"The Giver is an awesome story about the life of Jona.In it he is nevous about becoming a twelve and becomingan adult. He doesn't know what job he will be assigned in the community until the cerimony when he finds out he hasn't been asigned, but chosen, to be the new receiver of memories. Now Jona will learn horrible things about the past and about the previous recver of memories. He will also learn wonderful things about life before ""the great sameness."" This book will move you to see a society progress so far yet lose so much. This is the best book that I have ever read! --by Devon O'Leary, 8th grade, Sunny Brae Middle School"
Good examples of the new world order that Soros and Obama want.
"Book content is wonderful--cannot recommend enough--but the binding on the illustrated, gift edition is horrible. Book has been read twice and pages are already falling out. This is the secondcopy I purchased that this happened to, and this is certainly not the fault of Amazon but the publisher. It's a pity since the illustrations by Bagram Ibatoulline are evocative, add greatly to to story, and are not in the regular HC edition."
"I thought this book was very good. Lois Lowry bring us into a very odd place, and how this place works. In this book we get to see Jonas in a changing part of his life, and we go along for the journey with him. This book never slows down, and it deals with some very interesting points as well. I would recommend this book, I really enjoyed it, and Lois Lowry creates a world for us that is amazing, and creative."
"The giver is a very good book. I like it alot the begining is very boreing but the in the middle it starts to grab your attion and you want to read on, even during my break time i would sit in my desk and read.But the end of the book is confuseing to some people  when you read this book you cant be closed minded you have to be able to picture things in your head your.  so i suggest you buy the book and start reading."
"The book, The Giver, by Lois Lowry, was a very good find. It's a great book no matter your age because of the concept behind the plot. The fact that it's also set in a futuristic society makes it appealing to the imagination. Also, the ideas behind the whole point of Jonas and the Giver is very important. The story gives us an idea of how important it is to understand and learn from past genereations.ED- LCHS"
"ok i can understand why this book got a newberry metal, it had a good plot and it is worth reading but i found that i didn't really like the characters and i thought that it was alittle too improbable even for a sci-fi book.  as i said before you should get this book and it is worth reading at least to give you a new idea of what life might be like in the future."
"For 6th grade english class I have to read THE GIVER. I am only up to chapter 2 so I'm not that familiar with the book. I have a question for Lois Lowry. Why did you choose to capitilize PILOT and SEVENS, EIGHTS, ELEVENS... and so on? That is really wierd. I don't get it. So far I like the book but there is a lot of hard vocabulary.  I hope people like me will read THE GIVER and enjoy it as much as I do."
"I was a little apprehenive when reading this story. I could never imagaine a place without any emotions. Living in a place that was a very communist community. Where people are even told what to think. It was more like they were robots instead of real people. I do think that Jonas is a very courageous boy, and want to read the second book. I have to have to find out what happened to Jonas and Gabe."
"This was not required reading for me in school, and I would have missed The Giver all togeather were it not for a friend who insisted that I should read it.I just finished the book last night and I have to say I was floored. though I admit I probably woudn't have gotten so much out of it, had I read it as a child. to me the genius to The Giver is the the way that Lowry slowly builds the world of The Community, so that the reader does not fully realize the disurbing emptiness of Jonas's reality until quite late in the story. Perhaps even more suprising is that until that point there is a twisted kind of logic to the society in which Jonas lives, this certainly does make you question yourself. I was fancinated by The Giver himself, though the character of the wise old  man can be found in coutless other novels, I find somthing unique and endearing about him. I have a have a habit of reading aloud when I'm alone and especially taken with a book, but the seen in which Jonas's father ""releses"" the smaller twin made me wish i hadn't actually said the words. I won't be getting over that scene in a hurry. In short The experience of The Giver is one that should be passed on."
"Lois Lowry has crafted a book that is as challenging for adults as it is appropriate for middle-schoolers.  THE GIVER is touching and thought-provoking. It is a wonderful opportunity for parents and children to read a book that they will both enjoy and find moving.  It opens many avenues pof discussion including religion, morality, mortality, diversity vs. sameness....Thank you Lois Lowry"
"The GiverBy:Lois LoweryI am a hard person to like books,but when my teacher read this book out loud it was astonising.This book is about a community that chooses a kid who has to feel all their pain. I'm not going to tell you all of the story, but its a great book and you,ll probably like it!I think the reasion why she wrote this book is becuse this might be the future!?!"
beggining is kind of bland and non descriptive but starts to get interesting a little bit later. the setting sounds communist and dull and not really intruiging until later but still a good read
This is one of those books that you just can't put down! This was on my school reading list and I read it in three days! But it's also one of those book that you'll want to read again and again!
"This is a really deep, interesting, and strange book about a society that has never experianced love, hate, or even color! This book moving, and I strongly recommend it. It will make you think!"
This book was one of the best books that I have ever read. It was unpredictable the whole way through! I cried when I found out about Gabriel. I suggest every reader to read this! A five star!!
"It really makes you think about what it rudely means to be a human!... there were details left out that I would have loved to have known, but they may be provided in the next books!... I hope."
A thrilling futuristric tale about the importance of being unique and about the courage to accept one's uniqueness... in a world where all seems to have been settled once for ever and for all!
I have never been more disappointed with a book. It grabbed my attention straight away and I couldn't wait to read what happened next... and then it just finished. In the middle of the story!
I read this book when I was 10 and hated it...now that I'm 23 I read it again and hated even more.... there is no ending and I'm left with so many questions... don't waste your time or money
"Arrived sooner than expected, in good shape and packaged well. Yes I recommend this seller . The book is just like new and I love that I can save money as well as, recycle and save paper."
"In my opinion,""The Giver"" is a very interesting book.The thinking, the plot and the story are very special.It reminded me of the movie ""The Matrix"",because the story is actually the same."
"Anyone who wouldn't give this book 5 stars, must have missed the point.  It's on my list of 10 all-time best books I've read.  I read the book 10 years ago & still think about the main characters.  This author is such a clever writer.  A real pleasure to read her books.  I've read them as an adult, even though they are written for teens.  Great book club discussion book!"
TOO STRANGE
I hate stories with no endings I am  Not writing it so/ I should not have to come up with the ending.
"The GiverBy: Lois Lowry Once you pick up The Giver you cant put it down. Lois Lowry made this book so good it will keep you guessing until the very end.  The main character, Jonas is getting really nervous. Why you may ask? He is getting ready to turn twelve. In his town when you turn twelve you are assigned a job. If you dont do the job to the best of your ability you are released. Jonas is assigned to the most important job in the whole town. He was assigned the Receiver. The Receiver before him was released. So it was up to him to the very best he could. Jonas is allowed to ask questions. So he asked what happened to him when youre released. The person who trains him, The Giver, shows him a video of what happens. Jonas was shocked. The Giver also tells Jonas that when he applies for a spouse, he cant tell her anything about what happens at work. The job is also painful. Those two things may drive Jonas to do something nobody expected. The Giver is one of the best books Ive ever read. I would definitely recommend this book."
I think the book is very boring at the beginning. But fortunately the book becomes more and more interesting. It deals with a strange and exciting topic which you have to think about. I would recommend it to science fiction freaks who like the book 1984 by George Orwell. In order to get more out of the book you should discuss the topic with someone.
"I read this after seeing the movie trailer and to be honest, the book left me a little disappointed. The trailer raised my expectations - I was looking forward to a teen dystopian novel full of action and forbidden love. The book is something else entirely and while it was extremely well-written and very thought provoking, it didn't quite wow me as much as I had anticipated."
"I'm a mom with a family of boys.  ""The Giver"" is a very typical dystopia book -- it slowly dawns on the hero that his well-ordered world masks horrible secrets.  Human life comes cheap in every communitarian paradise, same goes for this story.  The first glimmer comes when the book describes how the boy who is clumsy with words is beaten for every mistake, until he simply stops talking.  Then darker revelations come into play.  The questions becomes, Equality?  Or Liberty?Liberty is messier, but it is always better.Ira Levin wrote almost this exact same book, called ""This Perfect Day"".  Both are enjoyable.  Also try ""A Wrinkle in Time"" -- all three explain at a gut level to children why it is impossible implement communitarian societies.  Mankind is not perfectable.  Truth will get out.  Socialism is evil."
"Pretty good! Needed It for school and ordered it used for cheap, Got sometime(s) later! Although the book its self was in Good condition, the shipping bag was TERRIBLE, It had looked like someone ran over it with an airplane! But Im not reviewing the bag Im reviewing the book! no pages ripped, No Writing, Scratches, Ok cover, Pretty Good indeed."
"I am a 30's something female just starting to read Lois Lowry again.  This book gripped me and I could not put it down.  It is so far fetched from society that I wanted to know what happened next.  It is a neat story and I really enjoyed it.  I did not like the way it ended, but you need to read her other book The Messenger when you are done."
The Giver is a wonderful book that helps us remember what is truly important. Loes Lowry is a master storyteller who paints a picture of a Utopian world in which everyone is confident and happy but a chosen few. Is this the only way that we can truly be free of our modern problems? The story of the giver is nearly as sad as it is compelling.
Lot of hype. Not that much delivery.  I was bored.
"This book took about 3 hours to read from cover to cover, and I am glad that I didn't invest any more time in it than that. (It also reminded me of why I have not bothered with fiction for so many years.)Problems:1. We don't have any explanation of how this situation came to be. At least in ""Animal Farm,"" there is something to explain how the events came to be. Nor do we clearly understand the ending of the book. It had one of those bailout endings. (Imagine the author thinking ""How do I end this thing? Oh, I don't know. Let's just give it an ending."")2. We don't know where are these people with respect to everyone else in the world. Did everyone else just mysteriously vanish leaving these people to live this life?3. There were a few too many elements borrowed from other dystopian novels. So, we did notice that Lowry showed characters who made up compound words to describe things that would have been distasteful to them. (""Release""=death; ""newchild""=baby, etc.)4. These topics are way too heavy for this to be a children's book. I understand what Lowry was getting at in most instances (""What is pleasure without pain?"" or ""If you never have to struggle to survive, how do you appreciate surviving?""), but one comes away with the impression that this was just overall poorly done. She could have chosen one SIMPLE theme and stuck with it-- so as to make the book suitable for children. (How many childrens' books need Cliffs' notes for goodness sake?)5. Can people really be modified this much? The point of human beings is to make more DNA (and not the other way around). Can people so easily be trained to abandon their sexual feelings or their babies? People see colors before they can describe them in words. How do you train someone to not understand that? Perhaps it is good that this book *was* written for kids, because at this point in time, the feats that would have been necessary to make these people could not have been believed by any reasonable adult (that had sat through Bio 101).I would pay, at most, $1 for this book-- but not for my children. Just to read it out of curiousity/ morbid interest."
"I think the book is ok, in the begining it is very boring and confusing, but in the middle of thr book it gets very good.I really hate the ending of the book..........:("
"My son's 5th grade class had to read this book.  I read it with him and spent the year writing his teacher, principal and the school superintendent explaining that, in my opinion, the subject matter, including the euthanasia of all babies who are less than perfect, was inappropriate for a 5th grader.  Please don't write me off as a conservative nut who thinks everyone should share my beliefs.  I am as liberal as they come and would never recommend banning a book.  However, according to the US Library Association, in 1995, this book was among the top 3 most requested books to be banned in schools.In my opinion, K-8 children, and ESPECIALLY elementary aged children should be reading uplifting books that will encourage a love of reading.  The Aldous Huxley-esk world of The Giver is immeasurably dark, and I cannot imagine any elementary aged child finishing this book and being left with a feeling of excitement that drives them to quickly pick up another book and continue reading.If your child is assigned this book, at the very least, please read it with them so you can discuss it."
Terrible book.  The movie is so much better!
Still just as good as a reread as an adult.
"Set in a culture that has been genetically chosen to represent Sameness, freedom is a word that cannot be understood.  A committee makes decisions regarding a person's clothing, job, spouse and even children.  These people know no other way of life and so do not question it.  They are unfeeling drones in a world designed to eliminate pain, embarrassment and any type of negative emotions.  In doing so, the positive emotions have disappeared as well.  A young boy is chose to be the successor of the one person who does have the knowledge of what life was once like.  They become lockboxes of this wisdom that cannot be shared, only transferred.  Through their transmissions and discussions they idealize to share both love and pain with the Community and therefore forever change them.  This book brings up a lot of issues for preteens be-ginning puberty.  The Community could be a metaphor for a child's life before he opens his eyes and starts to experience it for himself without being protected from anything that could go wrong.Why 4 stars?:I feel this is a wonderful piece of literature.  However, I took one star off because teachers and parents must be incredibly careful when introducing this book to children.  I have seen it used as young as fourth grade, but it is so intense and brings up so many issues about life as we know it (and don't know it yet), that it takes a very mature audience.  It should only be used with close supervision and guidance."
for a dollar this book was a steal and the annotations and highlighting only make it easier for me to write a book review on this wonderful story
Such an awful book. That's all I can say.
"Interesting, not one of my fav books tho"
this is really a boring book I don't know what anyone sees in it maybe I'm missing something
Wanted to read the book before I saw the movie. Well written but ending was disappointing...
It was a good book.  I recommend this book to any one who likes climax. Yeah so good bye bye
"This fantasy book by Lois Lowry was one of the best book I've ever read.  The book takes place in a weird world totally parallel to ours.  In that world, there is no hate violence or wrong-doing and nothing extraordinary happens.  The Giver gives Jonas the memories and feelings, good and bad, from our world, that don't exist in his world."
Got it for my little brother. It was perfect for the fact it would only be used for school.
This thought-provoking book about Jonas's perfect community is a must for students to read.
Not a good book for me. I hope the movie is better. Maybe they will add a good story line.
I can read this story a million times and it feels like New! I would love to see a movie.
Just didn't care for it... The movie was even worse.  Not sure what the hype was about.
Loved this book but I HATED the ending.  Can't wait to see how the movie will turn out.
The Giver was a good book because it you did not know what was coming next.  It was very unique its own way!  I enjoyed to see how people would live in a Utopia.
nueva
"I had to read this book for school, it was the 1st school book i enjoyed reading. It is a bit complicated and kinda leaves you hangin but i recommend it."
"Maybe the best book I've ever read in my life...until it reaches the ending. The most dissapointing feeling i ever had in my life as a reader was getting to the point of the book where i was in love with it and realizing that there were 15-20 pages left in which what i felt was the beginning of the book would have to be ended.It was criminal. The most ungodly ending i have ever read ruined a piece of literal art. It almost seemed as if Lowry just got to a point in the book where she just got bored with the book and looked to end it. It was like ending Romeo and Juliet with the families reconciling and the two living happily ever after. Killed the book altogether and I'm furious that i was robbed of a possible legendary novel and a reading experience by an ending that just seemed effortless, giving up on an amazing concept. Sad almost."
I REALLY LOVE THIS BOOK.ITS SO GOOD. I FIND IT VERY TOUCHING AT THE END OF THE BOOK.TO FIND OUT WHAT I THINK IS TOUCHING GO READ IT.SO BUY IT.
"Everyone fantasizes about living in a perfect world.  The Giver takes that idea and makes it seem real.  The characters find that a perfect world may have its drawbacks.  This book is a wonderful way to begin group discussion on the meaning of life, ethics, and responsibility in a classroom setting.  I have enjoyed teaching this book as much as my students enjoyed reading it."
I didn't like the Giver because it was boring and I found it hard tohold my attention.  I am glad I am done with that  book.
"I liked the book but it took a while for it to get going, to get me interested. It was really confusing at first, but when i started to understand it i really enjoyed reading it. Some parts slightly disturbed me, but i guess thats what made the Giver interesting. Over all i thought the book was really good, well written.I would suggest it to anybody."
fine very pleasedone two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen
"I did not care for this book, it reminded me of the strange story of The Hunger Games.  I prefer books that are more realistic."
The giver is an outstanding book. This book shows how the lives of the people in the community is different than that of ours. Their life was more protected and kept to themselves than ours is. Our life is just plain out unpredictable.  At first I thought the book was boring because I dont usually like how books just take so much time in explaining the background of the story. I like books that just start out with the story then slowly have flash backs and tell what happened in the past. This book got interesting when Jonas became the Reciever of memory. Therefore I liked the book and i recomend that many people should read this.
Great freaking book
This book is downright awful. It is so meaningless and stupid. People can't even see colors. This book is way too far fetched. Teachers shouldnt be making us read awful books like this
"The Giver is a very interesting, suspencful, and meaningful story where it states many essential things in life we don't even give a second thought about. It is about Jonas who is just another normal kind hearted boy preparing for manhood until something very rare and unusual happens that gives him a completly new perspective on life. One of my favorite moments is when all the people going to adult hood are being assigned what to do in order of numbers. When it is Jonas's turn they skip him and go on. If you want to read a very interesting story about a brave boy get ""The Giver soon""."
"The GiverThe novel, the Giver, by Lois Lowry is about a boy who is called Jonas. Helives in a community which seems to be a perfect world. In the Ceremony of 12Jonas becomes the new Receiver of Memory. His live changes rapidely, becausehe learns how the real world looks like. At last he escapes.We find that its a nice story. The first part of the story was very boring,because it describes the Community. When Jonas becomes the Receiver of Memorythe story began to be exciting. In the whole story there is not muchaction!!!!"
"What a crummy book the Giver is! A novel should tell a believable story, but nothing in the Giver makes a bit of sense. There is no logic. Didn't Lowry give any thought to the world she was creating when she wrote about it? This book reads like it was written in a couple quick,careless weeks, and then published without any review.The Giver describes the world of Jonas, a 12 year old boy who lives in a Utopian village. It is a perfectly controlled environment. There is no violence, no hunger, no poverty, and everyone has a job and a meaningful place in the community. But in order to construct this ideal world, the citizens of Utopia have to abide by a strict set of rules. They have to sacrifice a lot of free will to the decisions of the Council. For example, the Council decides who you will marry and what your career shall be. Lowry clearly intends to write a Book With A Message, but her delivery is so bad that it is hard to figure out just what The Message exactly is! I think the intended Message is this: in order to lead a meaningful life, you must have the freedom to make bad choices, or else choosing to do good things will be meaningless. Okay, that could be a good premise for an insightful novel, but look at all the ways that Lowry screws it up:When Jonas turns twelve, he is assigned a career as the new Receiver of Memories at the Naming Ceremony. What kind of a job is a Receiver of Memories? It means that Jonas will be required to store all the memories from the world before the Utopian society was constructed. An old man, the previous Receiver of Memories, will transfer all these memories to Jonas before he dies. Jonas will learn aboutlove, families, passion, war, fear, poverty - everything that existed in the human world before being wiped away when the perfect society was constructed.In the perfect society where Jonas lives there is no color, no music, no warmth in the sunshine, no grandparents, no hills(!), no true love, no change - because all that had to be deleted when making Utopia. But why? Why do people have to give up seeing color in order to live in a world without hunger? Why do people have to give up music so that there will be no war? Since when did warm sunshine cause greed or crime? There is no logical reason for this. In Lowry's world, the citizens murder their elderly people, and kill the people who break too many rules - this is so that they may live in a world without violence or fear! Does that make any sense? If you were going to be killed if you broke too many trivial rules, wouldn't you live in fear all the time?What magical mechanism allows the designers of this world to prevent Jonas from feeling the warmth in the suns rays? Why would a society so obsessed with efficiency bother to expend so much energy on blocking the feeling of warmth from the sun?When the old man who was the previous Receiver of Memories (he is called the Giver, since he gives the old memories to Jonas) lays his hands on Jonas, he can transfer memories with incredible vividness. In the first memory transfer, the Giver passes to Jonas the sensation of riding a sled down a snowy hill. This is a wonderful adventure for Jonas, who has never experienced anything so strange as snow or color. But what strange ability allows the Giver to pass a memory simply by touching Jonas? (Indeed, by giving the memory to Jonas, the old man forgets it himself, which is another item that makes no sense). Later, when Jonas touches the baby Gabe, he can give memories to the baby. But when Jonas touches his friend Fiona, he is unable to pass a memory to her. Why not? Why can Jonas transfer memories only when touching certain people? When Rosemary killed herself ten years ago, all of her memories were dissipated to the rest of the village - but she wasn't touching anyone when she died, so how did her memories get transferred? The Giver tells Jonas that memories are never lost, but Jonas was alive 10 years ago when Rosemary died - so if her memories transferred to all the villagers, and memories are not lost, why doesn't Jonas have any recollection of color, music, etc? If Rosemary's memories are dispersed when she died, then why isn't the memory of dying given to the citizens every time a Giver dies? Presumably, a Giver will have transferred most his memories to the new Receiver of Memories before taking the lethal injection that kills him, but obviously the last thing the Giver will remember is receiving the injection just before dying, so that memory of dying should always be transferred to the village.After Jonas learns about sledding, he wishes that his village had some hills and snow so that he could go sledding on his own. But the Giver says:""We had to get rid of hills, because they are inefficient. It takes extra effort to go up hills."" An thoughtless remark that makes no sense - although going up hills is harder, going DOWN hills is easier. The net effect is zero, the existence of a hill does not impair efficiency. Besides, if the village has no hills, what keeps the river flowing in its bed? Without hills to contain the river, its water would spread evenly over the entire land.Jonas goes to the retirement home where gives a bath to an elderly woman. I believe Lowry intends this scene to shock its readers - there is no nudity taboo in a utopia? But this scene made me wonder - why does anyone wear clothes at all? The villagers live in a climate controlled environment, they don't need clothing for protection or style. And obviously they don't need clothing for modesty. If they are willing to expend enormous effort to remove all hills from their landscape in the name of efficiency, why do they spend any effort on something as useless as clothing? After all, the people who labor to make and clean the clothing could be put to more productive tasks. Another question: why do they live in buildings? Isn't it inefficient to build and maintain structure that you don't need?When Jonas receives the memory of a broken leg, his own leg hurts for a while, he limps home that night. When Jonas gets the memory of starvation, his belly aches from the memory of the hunger pains. But when Jonas learns of war, he gets the memory of having his whole arm blown off - but there is no mention of his arm hurting after that. Besides, that is not how memories work - if I think back to when I hurt my ankle playing basketball, my ankle doesn't start hurting. If I recall my last visit to the dentist, my teeth don't start hurting. When Jonas makes his escape from the village, airplanes fly overhead searching for him. To escape their thermal scanners, Jonas thinks of a memory of being cold, and can then actually lower his body temperature! When he is cold in the mountains, Jonas remembers being hot and this warms him up!! Again, this is not how memories work, this is nonsense.The Giver claims that no memories are lost, and he apparently has the entire lifetimes of many people stored in his head. But how can he possibly transfer multiple lifetimes worth of memories to Jonas in less than one lifetime? In order to absorb so many memories, Jonas would have download huge quantities of experiences all at once, otherwise the transfer couldn't happen fast enough. But if the memories are exchanged at a high speed rate, then Jonas won't ""feel"" them. He will have the memory of warfare, but it wouldn't bother him unless he actually recalls that memory. If no memories are lost, does that mean Jonas can now recall an infinite number of times of washing clothes, tying his shoes or going to the bathroom? In real life, memories ARE lost - can you recall what you had for breakfast every day of your life?Prior to being selected as the new Receiver of Memories, Jonas starts to see flashes of color in his black and white universe - for example, he strangely sees the apple flicker with color. Why does this happen to him? Why doesn't it happen to anyone else? Remember, there is nothing biologically special about Jonas, he has not been specially ""bred"" to be a Receiver of Memories. He never gets any special education. Why can't anyone else in the village pass memories with a touch or see flickers of color?Why does this society keep a Receiver of Memories? Because the Receiver of Memories has Knowledge of How Things Used To Be, the Receiver can advise the Council on their decisions. For example, the Council of Elders suggests that if more babies are born then there will be more Laborers to get the work done. But the Receiver of Memories can recall a time when there was starvation, and therefore advises them not to grow their population. This is illogical. Why not grow more food? Why not have everyone skip one meal a week? Why not kill all the old people sooner and use their food? (In this ideal world, the elderly are sent to a retirement home, where they are treated nicely for a few years, and then they are killed. Why not just kill them right away - there would be more food for the healthy young Laborers, and the people who currently work in the nursing home would be free to do other tasks.)One of the key points in the story is when Jonas learns that his father has killed one of the new born identical twins. Why does his father kill one? Because it would be too hard to tell identical twins apart! You would think a society that values conformity would want their citizens to look as alike as possible, that way no one would be too ugly or too beautiful. Why does his father hide the fact that he killed the twin? In this society, nobody is allowed to lie. Why does he used the word ""released"" instead of saying his killed the baby? In this book we are given multiple examples of how important it is to use the accurate words - for example, Jonas uses the word ""love"" in conversation and his family corrects him. Indeed, the book opens with Jonas frightened by an airplane flying overhead, but then he corrects himself and uses the proper word - he wasn't frightened, he was apprehensive. If the society is so precise in its word usage, why does it say ""released"" instead of killed?Why does a plane flying overhead frighten Jonas? It should be routine to see a plane in the air, the planes land at the edge of the village with cargo all the time. After Jonas makes his escape, planes fly overhead searching for him - but won't these planes frighten all the other people who remain in their villages? Why use planes to look for him - they know he is on a stolen bicycle carrying Gabe, so obviously Jonas is escaping along the road - just put up a few road blocks!! There is no logic in anything that happens in this novel.At the end of the novel, Jonas makes his way to the society that is just like our world - with snow and lights and families. But if it is just like our world, it is also full of violence, crime and poverty. Jonas probably ends up in a foster home, abused and treated terribly. Why don't these other people, who know about violence and warfare, invade the Utopian societies? In our world, if a country was as defenseless as the Utopians, then they would be quickly conquered. A dictator would lead an army to overrun the stupid villages, and they would all be ""released""!I can't believe the Giver won a Newberry award. It is riddled with inconsistencies, portrays an unbelievable world (no warmth in sunshine? No color?), and doesn't properly get across its intended Message. What a lousy book. Good thing it was short and I didn't waste a lot of time getting through it!"
came as promised
"Jonas, a boy close to being twelve yearsold, is nervous.It'snot that he doesn't want to learn what job he recives, it'sjust that he's nervous that he gets some stupid job that he doesn't want some stupid job that he doesn't want, like physical education assistant. Little does he know that he will get the most important job that can be given to any twelve. Once he is told that he will be the Reciever of Memories he will begin a long, painful journey that shows how scientists take away his peoples color and fun."
"If you are looking for a book that really makes you think and consider the ways of life, this is it. This book can change your outlook on living! The description in this book is simply amazing- Lowry does an incredible job as she describes all of the scenes that Jonas (the main character) experiences. Although the beginning is a bit confusing, once you get into in you're sure to love it. The ending was a bit disappointing to me and i felt that there was not enough closure, but I suggest you read it and decide for yourself!"
"The Giver is more than a book for young people.  Its unusual approach to a too perfect world will leave more mature readers considering some of today's social practices.  Lowry uses everyday characters in this utopia to ease the reader into her spellbinding fantasy.  After one too many murder mysteries, I found this story to be refreshing but never predictable. This book calls into question the practice of euphemizing the truth for children. Clearly, this story points out the importance of valuing all stages of human life."
Good
Good
Gift
"I would recommend this book for people that like strange or out of the ordinary types of books.  A twelve year old boy has the mission of becoming the new receiver.  In the strange place that he lives in, he and the old receiver are the only ones that can see colors, hear music, have feelings and most important, have memories"
this book is a good book to read. talks about a different world that is not like any other. Read the book it is good
GREAT BOOK! I've read it multiple times. Highly recommend to all. Can't wait to see what they do for the movie.
"I'll give this book two stars for the fact that the writing wasn't really heinous and its just a warning about conformity. The book really isn't terrible, just cliched. The old horse of 'they had perfect lives, but they did not love' is trotted out once again, and the entire 'supposedly utopian but secretly evil' society that the author crafts is self-indulgent and unconvincing. In short, this is ""Look everyone! I'm writing serious material!"" work, a dumbed-down 'Anthem'. Yes, it's nicely allegorical, but there are other books that carry off the utopian theme much better, such as '1984', 'Brave New World' or the aforementioned 'Anthem'. It's truly painful to see teenagers learning this in school and taking it as the epitome of Utopian allegory."
Was good book will read it again and again and again so I recommend to all people have nice day
Books arrived in great shape and on schedule.  I an very pleased with the transaction
"School report for my son (8th grader) He liked it, I read it too and enjoyed it."
"This book is about a boy named Jonas who lives in a dystopic world, flawed by its very perfection.  It is a world where people put an exact label on feelings, lest one strays from the path of language precision.  It is a world where the word ""death"" does not even exist in its language, its importance in life undermined by polite euphemisms.Behind this perfection is the one man who knows the true beauty and horror of life, and as the Giver, it is to him that the training of Jonas, the new Receiver, falls.Frankly, I'm a bit torn about rating this book.  The prose, the originality, the ""perfection"" of the storytelling deserves all the praise and commendation that the book and its author has received.  The plot, the construction of the world, and the concepts so effectively shown enthralls.  I was interested, appalled, chilled, amazed, horrified and through it all, I sympathized with the main character, from the first to the last page.Unfortunately, no matter how thought provoking the ""ending"" is, however compelling the entire book is for discussion, I do prefer my book to have a more solid ending.  The author claims that she wanted to make an open-ended story, meant to give every single reader the ending they want in their minds, but as a reader who has long finished highschool and college, I couldn't totally appreciate the author's intent.For all its merits, I think this book deserves a four.  I'd sooner look for a book with an ending, though."
"I was intrigued by the description of this story, and when I started reading it, I got caught up in it fairly quickly.  But then I started feeling like some of it wasn't explained very well.  A story like this, which is obviously far-fetched, should have everything explained...but instead, much of it went without ever being clarified.  For example, how can a community stop people from seeing color? How could they control the climate without some sort of border? How could they prevent other people from coming in? None of it was given any thought or explanation and it drove me crazy!I also HATED the ending.  I got close and even commented to my husband that it was getting really good.  And then bam, it was over.  I agree with another post that said it seemed like the author got bored with writing the story and just decided to end it.I thought the idea behind the story was excellent and it would have made a really interesting read, but it simply wasn't developed enough.  Disappointing."
"Good book- horrible, horrible, horrible ending! I would have loved for it to last another 100 pages at least! :("
Book was super short and ended abruptlyI was hoping for closure in the other books.  Didn't like the book.
"This is one of the required books that have to be read over the kids summer vacation. I'm the parent and found it very interesting, but the children that I've talked to; >20 have found it very dry.Have your kids read it with plenty of water"
I just couldn't get into it. Weird book
"I rate the book, The Giver by Lois Lowry, a three. It is interesting when it's talking about the different lifestyles and the perfect community. But, it isn't nearly as detailed and descriptive as My Brother Sam is Dead by the Coulier brothers. The Giver would be for people who like science fiction. The purpose was to tell the readers there isn't such a thing as perfect. No one can be perfect, and that is the conflict, Jonas, the main character has to deal with. He finds out how phony and imperfect his community really is. Everything is controlled, even people's emotions. You can definitely tell through the words how Jonas feels about the whole situation and how everyone else is comfortable with it. In the end I thought it was an okay book, but the ending could've been written differently and more descriptive."
"After looking at all the rave reviews...it must be me.  But, ""The Giver"" fell flat for me.  I really really like the beginning and I liked the world that was created, every body so polite and all. And then you find the bad things behind the curtain.  In fact I liked the polite world so much that I wouldn't object to ...the bad things behind the curtain, that make the society possible.The latter book was so unsatisfying, like how could there be no sun, but stuff grows, and how could there be no color?This book has a great story idea, unfortunately it doesn't flesh out.PS I especially liked the dinner scenes where each member of the family has to politely wait for other family members to share their day and then they comfort each other!  Great stuff!"
I didn't like it very much
"Now, as technology  touch every inch of our existence, how much we think and to what extent should we allow them into our lives?The reason I am reflecting is that I read a book entitled The Giver which  is written by Lois Lowry.  This book actually is for a book for children, and in fact have won a good number of awards, including the John Newbery Medal for most distinguished contribution to American Literature for Children.  It was originally read by my son who told me it was good, and I took it. Incidentally, it is always good to take an active interest in what your kids are reading, and ocassionally won't harm much if you actually read it as well.  That i believe, always create good talking points with your kids.The story is quite thought provoking, and basically centers on a community in which the people, years into the future, use technology try to create a world where everything is perfect.  It might seem bizarre, but overall, it does seem plausible that if we are too overzealous and if we could do it, we will be headed in that direction.When you consider that a lot of grief or sorrow is because of poverty, then solve poverty.  A lot of bad things come because of war, then use technology to acquire peace.  If hunger is the issue, then insure that there won't be any hunger.  But the policymakers in this book went beyond that -- they noted that a lot of grief comes from pain, so they were able to work out the perfect medicines that will cure pain and disease.  Much grief comes from love, envy, anger,  and greed, so basically they develop the pills to control that as well.If you consider that people also becomes sorrowful because they make the wrong choice so they eliminated choice as well.  So in this community, a committee of experts make the evaluation what jobs you get  ( depending on detailed recordings and observations on your interests and talents), who you marry, and also they have systems to insure that only healthy kids are born, and these are assigned to the right 'nurturers' to insure comformance of the system.In short, this was supposedly a story about a society where there is supposedly no fear, or no pain.  Something like nirvana, or heaven, where everything works and is programmed to be just right.  There is nothing unexpected, unusual or even inconvenient.  Everything works according to plan, just like clockwork.In short, the author perceives that we can actually not only use technology to improve our lives, but if we are not controlled, we will be moving forward to using it to shield us from everything that would cause sadness or grief, and if we allow technology to do that, sooner or later, we will come up with technology to do precisely that.Isn't that what we all want?  Or where we are heading?The hero, a 12 year old boy was selected to receive special training which allows him to experience true pain and pleasure.  He later tries to opt out of the system, because he believes being 'human' is something that is different.  Which begs the question that if you don't know sorrow, would you know happiness?  If you don't know or have experienced failure, would you appreciate what it is to be successful.  If you never experience hunger, would you know how lucky you are to always have food in the t  able? Now , more and more, as our society advance, we do start to being able to get practically everything we want, but we think we are doing our children a favor by doing everything to shield them from the bad things that we as parents also have experienced before.  We shield them from pain, from hunger, from anything inconvenient or anything closely resembling hard work?Are we therefore using technology the right way?  Is that how we envision technology to increasingly play in our lives - shield us from the real challenges of the world?by: wilson ngMy blog at :  [...]"
Don't remember reading this so it couldn't have made much of an impression.
ending sucked!!!! Please......have enough imagination to complete a book
I did not like any of these books.  Lois Lowry is not my type of writer
"we read this book in 7th grade. it was an ok book, kind of odd in some places. I don't know, i just didn't really like the ending. but i have read much worse."
"The world of The Giver is curiously blank. How big is the town? What do the streets and houses look like? How far has anyone traveled? If not very far, then why not? What do people think? Why do they submit without protest to the strictures of the regime? Have they been brainwashed? Are they genetically impaired? None of these questions are answered. Not in the middle, not at the end. You are left to wonder why this half-baked story was written and why anyone bothers to read it. Were they forced to read it at school? Are they locked up in prison, physically or mentally?I trudged all the way through this book only because someone suggested it to me and I wanted to be able to give her a fully qualified opinion. There is one small idea in The Giver, which you can see coming long before it is stated explicitly. The idea is not original, nor is it truly subversive. It is the same idea that animates at least one in every three sci-fi movies. If this had been a short story written by someone who knew how to turn a phrase and how to describe physical details, it might have been tolerable. Unfortunately, this small, unoriginal idea has been turned into a tedious novel that no thinking person will enjoy.The worst sin the author commits is to describe physical acts she seems not to have done or not to have understood. At the very least she should have made an effort to imagine them, and she hasn't. Her description of a bicycle ride through the countryside is astonishing in its lack of narrative credibility. The pages she devotes to it are devoid of details that anyone who has ever ridden through the countryside would have noticed. What kind of landscape is it? Is it lined with trees? Meadows? Fields? Is it a winding road, or hilly, or flat? Is the road made of gravel or asphalt? If it is an asphalt road, how much traffic is there? If none, then why do the roads exist? Who maintains them? Is the road in good repair? If not, how can the protagonist ride the bicycle along it?This book was written by someone with no imagination and no literary ability. Don't waste your time. If you're interested in dystopian novels, read 1984 instead. If you want to read science fiction for young adults, read The Crystal Singer."
"How would living in a flawless world of sameness feel like? In Jonas's mind it is a perfect place. No pain. No secrets. No war. It is just as if living a dream. Everyone has a role in the community and is placed in training at the age of twelve. Each year prior to twelve, there are ceremonies. For example, at the age of nine, the child receives their first bicycle. Then at age seven and eight, sweaters are given to teach the child how to put it on and eventually how to button it. Every one of these gifts is meant to teach proper life skills for the future. Well, it is time for Jonas's twelve ceremony. Everyone is excited to see the jobs chosen for each child. As he stands nervously awaiting the announcement of his name, the announcer mysteriously skips his name and moves on to the next. Come to find out, he is chosen for the most difficult and rarest job in the community, to be the next Giver. So, later he begins his training. Jonas works with the Giver and finds out about what the world was like in the past. The Giver tells him that nobody has feelings or emotions, that the only one who can hold the memories and pain of the entire community is Jonas. By transmitting the memories to Jonas, he experiences life like no other. At first it is true pleasure feeling the warmth of the sun melting over head. Then the brutal bloody scenes of war approached. Jonas starts to see that sameness is not good. His friends don't understand why he acts out against them when playing a game of war. They're curious about what is happening to him and his odd behavior. When it is just too much for the Giver and him to take, they devise a plan. Will Jonas make it out of the sameness community? Or will they track him down and have him punished? The Giver is probably a science fiction combination futuristic novel. This book has a very good sense of creativity and suspense. The only weakness is the ending. It does not imply much about what is to happen next. Lois Lowry's writing style is phenomenal because of the excellent detailing work and all around eagerness. I would recommend this novel to ages 12+ only because of the vocabulary and understanding of it."
Amazing book
What an amazing read! We loved it and recommend it.
"Ok, so I just finished the book, and have been reading all of the reviews on  here. Let me explain my take on it.  It seems like the majority of the people say it is very boring.  Really?  I read it in two days!  It opens up and is very exciting, she creates a sense of something is going on.  You don't know what it is, and then the story unfolds.  When at the Ceremony of Twelves he is skipped, my heart skipped a beat too!  Near the end when he realizes what must be done, I'm in there rooting for him!  Go Jonas!!Now for the negative.  The middle did go slow, and was kind of weird how he receives the memories.  The emotions that come across are very real, but as far as action in the story, it does go slow.  Also, the whole stirrings thing could have been dealt with differently.  Actually, the whole stirrings thing was ok, I suppose, but getting to that point by washing naked people was completely inappropriate, and other ways could have been more effective in introducing puberty.People complain about it being boring - deathly boring!!  THAT IS THE POINT!!  The author is trying to show us that being the same - sameness - is bad.  We are individuals, and God made us unique the way we are.  Of course, that reasoning can be taken to extreme too.  The theme of euthanasia  - I took it as a warning.  I don't know if you realize it or not, but our world is heading that way.Was it worth a read - yes.  Worth a read for young kids or even middle school - uhh - parents you decide."
"I think that The Giver is a great book for young adults. There is imagination that inspired me appreciating my life in reality. Although I don't really like the ending, I do enjoy the atmosphere that Lois Lowry created throughout the book. The first impression I have for this book is ""incomprehensible"". But the more I tried to experience how Jonas feels, the more I enjoyed the new world that was so unfamiliar to me. However, I think that the imaginary world created by Lois Lowry is probably the ""ideal"" that we human beings wish to have. In the mean time, people do not actually think of the consequences while they're trying to better our society. Learning from the history, communism was the ""ideal"" for most of the people in the 19th century world-full of disciplines, rules, and regulations. The government (the House of the Old) has the greatest power controlling over people and everyone is divided into assigned units and groups. People are not allowed to read in order to prevent people from learning from the past. There is no individual because they dare to develop human weaknesses-emotions. People's futures are decided by the elders in the community rather by self-willingness. Everyone lives in the same living entity instead of being unique and enjoying the freedom. Although all the arrangements probably would be the best way for all people-without pain, sadness, and worries, I'm pretty sure that it wouldn't be the best way for happy lives."
ok
A+
ok

Was supposed to have been an audio book and wasn't. Very disappointing.
"This was a great book! I was a little confused at reading it at first, but after a friend of mine told me to think of it as the matrix, I was able to read and understand it. The ending was not what I would have liked, but it was still an excellent book."
This book was great but a little short.  I can' t wait for the movie.
"I have nothing to say but, drop everything and read this book!!!!!!"
"I realy liked the beginning of this book. As it goes on, however, it begins to get slightly repetative and than has one of the worst endings I have ever read.I recomend this book if you don't have anything else to read,all in all it was OK."
Great read.  Kept me interested at always ready to tuturn the page
"An interesting, thought-provoking book that reveals the harm that can result when a society sacrifices everything for safety. This in itself isn't an original concept, but because the book is about a child's experience of this situation, it is a good addition to the genre of dystopian fiction.I've given this book three stars because the characters - particularly the main character - were not fully developed. I found the book to be a page-turner, but when I was done I realized that I didn't know the main character very well at all."
"Boring. I'm so confused with this book. WHERE DOES THIS BOOK TAKE PLACE? WHY? WHEN DOES THIS BOOK TAKE PLACE? Well we'll never know, cause the book never tells us.Why do so many people like this book? ANOTHER LOVE STORY? Seriously guys? This is uneeded! Nobody liked twilight, We already have a worldwide bestseller The fault in our stars, SO WHY THIS?!THIS BOOK IS SO BORING and for my summer reading book it's a waste of skin and a waste of my time. Do yourself a favor, AND DO NOT READ THIS BOOK."
"This is a book I wanted to film in my former life in Hollyweird, but alas I could not get the rights because Jeff Bridges owned them, and apparently has  done nothing with them. A shame since this is a cinematic gold mine. Complex, inspiring conversations between the generations, this is a must-read for any one who can read. I've had energetic discussions with my children over the concepts in this beautifully written book, and look forward to gifting it to my grandchildren to discuss it with them"
"The Giver may have won the Newberry Book Award, but there are acouple of places in the book that didn't make sense, such as the ending.  What happened, he startes rolling down the hill then goes into a house with  x-mas lights, did he die or something? What exactly happened to him?We  as a class hade to read this book and are tolled to write a review at  Amazon, because thats were we got the books.  Many of my calss mates didn't  understand the ending."
"I've read this book twice now, about three years apart. I didn't care for it then, and I don't care for it now. Although a somewhat interesting general plot, I never felt the urge to ""find out what happened next."" I don't know why this book is hailed as one of the greatest books ever written, a modern classic. The characters seemed dull and one-dimesional. The plot, although unique in some ways, just seemed mashed together from several different stories written before. I do understand this is a children's book, though I do not see what everybody sees in this below average exploration in dystopias and human nature.For books about dystopias and human nature, I suggest reading more interesting novels such as 1984, Brave New World, A Clockwork Orange, the Dune Chronicles, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, Bonfire of the Vanities, Mother Night, etc. For some good short stories, read Harrison Bergeron, Those Who Walk Away From Omelas, The Veldt, and others.Rating - 2 stars - You can pass this one up."
"Let the ceremony of twelve begin, seventeen, eighteen , twenty. ""What how could this be they skipped my number nineteen. They must have made a mistake, but they never make mistakes.""  Jonas was excited until his number wasn't called to recieve his assignment, why was he the only one to not recieve his. This was only the start to his mental and physical pain he was about to encounter through this long journey."
"Lois Lowry's The Giver is one of those truly amazing books that actually changes the way you think.  Though it is surprisingly brief, the message of the book will have you thinking for days.  Jonas, the protagonist, is a beautifully written character and through him we experience his world and his ever increasing realization that something is horribly wrong there.An outstanding book for young adults and grown-ups."
"Well the Giver,I found a very good book Because You Put Allot of Things That Don't really happen in our kind of communnity. But in some countries have a comunist community like jonus's. The only thing that i don't like about the book is the ending,you could have told us if jonus and gabe  died,frozen or even made it to elswhere.You did a great job on the book  and you put allot of detail into the book."
I think what bothers me most about this book is the lack of imagination for the reader.  Is it a controlling read and it really upsets me that young children are reading this structured mind controlled book in school.  It sadly makes me think of possible material given to children in communist countries.  Its a disturbing book.  I would not advised this book over the many wonderful authors to choose from.
The Giver is a good choice for reading in class since it is written in quite an understandable language and contains a lot of helpful annotations.I personally wouldn't have read this book outside school. I found it boring and not interesting to read. The story is confusing and ends too suddenly.I would have wanted the Auther to continue the book a bit more to find out how the community develops.
"This book was a well written book, I think, but I did not enjoy reading it.  It did not hold my attention very much and I found that the storyline changed a lot.  I would not recommend this for anyone under 14."
"This book is similar to many of the anti-utopias such as Orwell's 1984, Zamyatin's We, and Huxley's Brave New World. This book is targetted more at younger audiences than the other anti-utopias, but it is still a very  interesting book. It is about what life is like when you have escaped from  freedom in the name of happiness. Much like We, the people in this  community of sameness are proud to have surrendered differences and  freedoms, because noone has ever been as consistently happy as them. If you  like The Giver you should definetely also read We and probably some other  dystopias as well."
"Terribly slow and old fashioned. I really did not like it and struggled to get through it. The story is original and different to most things I read, it just was outdated. Sorry.Ages 18-99"
This is a great book I enjoyed this book and when you read this you will enjoy it to. I almost cryed when Ireaddthis book. This book is about a boy  named dave this is the best book ever.-anonumis
This is an amazing book.  It delves into a fictional approach of the deep meaning behind pain and suffering in a world without the opportunity to make choices freely.  Read it and think about it.
"The Giver was an ok book.  It is a long read, but left you with a cliff hanger after every chapter.  It kept me thinking the whole entire book.  It was a little confusing and a not so good book."
"I love this book! It helped me to appreciate the choices that I can make in my life. The thing is when I met the author and I told her I loved the book, she gave me almost no response."
I like this book as it all came together. It kept me on the edge of my seat.This book shows how different communities can be and the difference is really amazing. This book showed me how lucky we are that we don't have to live that way for example we don't have to take pills we can see coulors and we don't get assigned jobs and wifes.The only thing I didn't like about this book was the ending because you have read the book and in the end it delivered nothing in return it left me dreaming and made me angry.Corey 7R
"Jonas's world is perfect. Everthing is under sontrol. THere is no war or fear or pain. There are no choices. Every person is assigned a role in the Community.When Jonas turns twelve he is singled out to recieve special traning from the Giver. The Giver alone holds the memories of the true pain and pleasure of life. Now it's time for Jonas to recieve the truth.""The whole work is seamless, compelling, and memorable-impossible to put down; difficult to forget."".-The Horn Book Magazine"
The Giver was a ok book. But there was some funny part in the book. but i like it a little bit of this book. And kids you should read this book.Taylor C
didn't receive
"The Giver is an okay book, it wasn't something that I would read again, it was kind of like a one-time read.  It had good parts but I liked some of Louis Lowry's other books better, the ending isn't great but if you have an ""open mind"" it should make sense.  It's a good book except the reading level was a little low and the ending wasnt very good, but besides that it was okay."
"all i can say about this book is WOW. it is, and always will be the most amaing book i've ever read. the way lois writes it, and the way he describes his charators. i literally couldn't put it down. it is so amazing! i just hope you'll come to see this too after you get a copy of your own. i believe lois is apsolutally amazing at writing."
I did not like this book very much because well it did not makesence to me because well it was not a good book. I would not reccomendit to anyone no matter what because well i think they will not like it. I did not like the ending it just ended and it did not make sence to me. I liked how they decribed the community and how they decribed the memories Jonas recived and the memories Giver had of his past and other things like that. I liked Asher Jonas's bestfriend and Fioena too and i liked how they decribed Gabe in the book and how they decribed Gabes eyes how Gabe looked a little like Jonas. The other characters in the book were Lilly and mother and father and the old people that Jonas knew and the commity of elders and every one that he knew.
"There are too many loose ends in this book to make is a satisfying read for an adult. Personally, I found it vapid and wouldn't give it to a child because it lacks the kind of depth one would want to develop in a tween. Although I've read many good reviews of this book, I'm afraid it seems like a re-run of so many other stories"
"Two parents complained that their child should not be reading this. The schools decided to make the book unavailable to 10 year olds, but leave it in middle schools. Censorship is disgusting and without even reading it I give it a 5 star rating. (My kids have read it and said it was very good - as is all of Lowry's stuff!)"
"this book is a great view on a utopian society that was more dystopian than anything. the only reason i marked off 1 star was the $0.50 sticker on the cover and one page was slightly off, causing about half of the letter on the right hand side of the page to be cut off. only 1 page that i have noticed so far"
The Giver written by Lois Lowry is a very well thought outbook.I gave this book five stars because its suspenceful threw theentire book and makes you want to keep reading. I have read this book sevral times and it has never gottin to the point where I was bored with it.
"This book should have never been read by a kids mind. It has babies that are killed with a steroid injection. I do ercomend this book to a young mind. I couldnt belive that someone would have a cruel enough to imagine everyone color mind. It had the worst ending ever and i think that the author of this story was crazy. She took away color, memories, touch, taste, and smell. I hope that you will never have a child read this book it is discriminating to deaf, mute, and anyone who has lost one of their senses.  -Not-a-hater"
"I know this book is for teens so maybe i shouldn't even review it - but i thought it was too depressing for any age group, especially kids.  The utopia that this society has created is just weird and flat.  I thought the characters were like robots - including the main characters.  The ending bothered me - i don't want to spoil it, but i thought after such a flat world and existence that the main character should have at least found what he was was looking for. This is not a story that you walk away from feeling good."
"I am listening to the CD's...My kids actually liked this book...so I had to see what it was all about. My children, to my horror, do not like to read. I hope that will change.I am listening to this in the car when I go to work.I took away a star for the beginning...I thought it was too long of an explanation of that crazy way of life...after Jonas turns 12, it gets very good...with lots of metaphors and lessons and imagery. Really enjoying it...makes you not only think but feel!"
"Jonas has just  been chosen to be reciever of memory, a job for few. He has a dad a mom and a sister named Lily.  he lives in a perfect community, well almost. The community is ran by the elders. Everyone must do there part in the community. if a child does not grow properly it will be realesed.  This was not the best book i've read. first of all i dont like sci-fi books. Im more of a civil war novel type. the book mooved realy slow, there was no part in the book to real dive in."
"The story has a very interesting if not new theme of a dystopic planned society and the ending is deliberately open. Unfortunately, the story has logical problems that prove distracting to a reader thinking about the subjects raised, and therefore make you aware you are reading a constructed narrative.Better constructed stories on similar dystopic  themes areThe Forgotten Door (Apple Paperbacks),Between Planets,Citizen of the Galaxy."
"I think the book The Giver is a really good book because it made me think about the feelings they felt.  I thought it was sad when Jonas' sister wasnt treated right on the playground.  I think that it is weird how Jonas lives in a perfect world that doesn't have any wars, sickness, or hunger.Overall I think it was a good book but it had a very bad ending.  It ended with Jonas ran away!  I think that if a book ends like The Giver ended then there should be a sequel to the book The Giver.  (7.3AR)"
"I first read this book in elementary school shortly after it came out. The book was shocking and disturbing to me then. Now, the book provides a striking commentary and warning about and to modern society. In this age, when genetic and psychological manipulation does not seem far-fetched, Lowry's story depicts a world where a centrally-controlled, perfectionistic society proves that man cannot be truly happy and determine the most fundamental relationships of society. I highly recommend this book."
"Although in my book club this got high reveiws, I completely disagree.  I could not catch on to the story. Before I could used to the beginning of the concept, I was on the last page. The whole""perfect world"" idea was original, but hard to both comprehend it as the meaning and stick to the idea. It was ... different. However, the ending wasn`t very clear. You could not tell what happened to the main character at the end, so it did not work well for me.  Original, but not for me."
Didn't like it.
Great condition
love this book!
It was a yawn.
"It was ok, not that great abit to long and boring. I enjoyed some of the suspense,and it was a bit to long and some of it was to much."
The giver was about a boy named Jonas. Jonas has a sister and a mom and dad. Jonas turns twelve and gets assigned a job. Jonas's job is The Receiver Of Memories. That means Jonas takes on memories. After his training he will be The Giver. The Giver talks about the the last receiver of memories and how she asked to be released. So The Giver told Jonas after your training I will be released. So when he was done with his training he heard that Gabe his little friend that was staying with his family was going to be released.  Jonas took Gabe and ran away. This book was hard for me to get into.  It really didn't have a lot of action and was mostly boring in my opinion.  That is why I rated it a one star.
"One of the best books I've ever read.  A quick read but you can't put it down anyway.  It is fairy-tale, Brave New World re-visited, and profound moral proclamation all in one.  Lowry wants you to use your imagination at the end.  At first I didn't like this.  I wanted something more real.  In retrospect, however, I've come to see that there is no room for reality and, at the same time, room for much, much more."
"This book was part of my 8th grade reading list, and I must say I was shocked. Whatever message the book conveyed, it frankly freaked me out. I do not reccommend it for the emotionally unready."
"As much as I wanted to love this book, I cannot.I adore sci-fi and dystopic novels, but this books writing was just awful. Lowry leaves an absurd amount of questions unanswered and it's seriously like she just gave up on the ending. It's almost as if she decided it would be better left like that, so all the school kids who have to read this worthless book are forced to write an ending as part of their grade for ""The Giver""'s unit.I don't believe in censorship (it basically says to teenagers ""I'm banned! Therefore, I MUST be good if your teachers don't want you to read me.""), but I definitely don't believe this book belongs up there with all of the other great classics that kids are required to read, like ""To Kill a Mockingbird"". If you are interested in bringing young adults into this genre, I suggest ""The Hunger Games"" by Suzanne Collins.Such an amazing idea falls flat on its face.1 out of 5 stars."
I don't like this it UN clear and depressed it sort of weird and I don't like that I really don't like this book this is not Lois Lowry best work I like holes way better
"Ok this book really stinks! The place where the main character, Jonas lives has really weird rules. Ok to the point. One point in the book people are seperated from animals! Think what you would be like with out your cat or any pet to keep you company at night or morning or the afternoon. It is so sad. That is not the worst part. One part in the book they talk about that twins are not allowed in this place. If a mom has twins guess what happens? They weigh the twins and which one is lighter they get rid of. The other one they make nice and comfortable. Here is what happens in deeper detail. They weighed the twins. One is lighter so they put in a garbage shoot and let it get crushed. Meanwhile the ""lucky"" baby who weighed more is nice and comfortable and is smiling at his or her lost twin. Why they do this? I don't know! I took the book and threw it and cried and never read it again. My friends told me that the book NEVER recovers after this part. I do not recomond this book to anyone."
It had to stop there it was annoying so it was lammmmmmmmmmmmmmmeI don't wanna watch this movie in the summer
"Jonas never knew that there was more out there. In the book The Giver by Lois Lowry, the main character Jonas lives in a totally controlled society, it is so controlled they can't even see color. In this story, the government controls everything. I do not like this book because it is written in a very formal style. Besides that, I think others might like this book because it is an interesting idea for a story.This book is about a boy named Jonas whose life is totally changed when he turns thirteen.  He gets a very special job.  Because of his job, he gets emotional. He can see colors and he can know the pain of the past.  This job is unique because only one person is chosen for it. After a couple of months working he realizes what a terrible world he lives in and decides to go elsewhere to change his life.This book is written in a formal way that middle school kids might not understand.  All the characters talk in a really stiff way. For instance, when Asher speaks angrily to Jonas, he then says ""I apologize for not paying you the respect you deserve."" The language is hard to read, and this makes the book it confusing.  There are common terms, like ""released"", that seem unfamiliar because they are used in a different way than I am used to. The type of dialogue the author uses makes the book hard to read.I would recommend this book for people who do not like action. This book is very slow. After I had read four two weeks, nothing had happened. I prefer book that are exiting like when you get into something right away. The story however had an interesting. Them that might interest some people.I seriously did not like this book.  The dialog was confusing and it was incredibly slow. If there was a bit more action, I might have liked it.  However just because I did not like this book, does not mean you will not."
"My 7th grade class is currently reading the giver by Lois Lowry.  The setting is in a futuristic perfect community. As a child, the members of the community are observed by a comity and their jobs are selected for  them.  The main character in this book, Jonas, is selected to be the  receiver of memory.  Jonas no longer has to follow the rules of the  community.  He has the most important job in the entire community.  He goes  through strenuous training to absorb the information that his tutor, the  giver, is passing to him.  He is a very important person to have in the  community because if something bad was about to happen he could warn them  of what happened before. The wording in the book is very difficult  to understand.  It takes a lot of thinking to understand the concepts in  this book.  This book is supposed to portray a perfect world but I think  that the community is far from perfect.  Everything in the community is  based on sameness.  This means that there are no advances and no  differences among people.  I think a world like that would be very boring  because you would wake up every day and know what was going to happen.  There is very little change in the daily schedule. A major reason why I  think this wasn't a very good book is because the author's idea of a  perfect world isn't mine. I gave this book two out of five star for  three simple reasons.  First of all I didn't agree with her idea of a  perfect world.  Jonas's world is far from anything that I would consider  perfect.  Secondly, I didn't think this book was very interesting.  I had  trouble reading more than two chapters at a time because the concepts of  the book bored me.  And lastly, I disliked the ending.  I can't tell you  about it but if you read this book after my review you will probably agree  with my opinion of the ending.  I would recommend this book only to those  who like slow reading books."
"Humans are like sheep, but there will always be some to rebel against the establishment and refuse to take the pills."
"My son wouldn't finish this book.  I did, but I didn't enjoy it at all.  We're in a fantasy world (something I usually like), but one where the rules of the game are never really explained -- this means that incidents happen without, seemingly, making sense in the terms of the world we are plunged into.  Also (and this is why my son wouldn't finish it) the book is depressing in a way I found not only cruel, but gratuitous.  I have no problem letting my son read ""The Yearling"" or other books where the outcome is far from pleasant, but the ending of this one seemed nasty in a way that's acceptable perhaps because of the culture we live in.  I felt a lesson was being pushed down my throat -- and I didn't like the lesson.  I know the book won an award -- but it's not the only winner of the Newbery that may prove not to age well."
Both my son and & I have enjoyed this book.
"This book tells the story of a boy that gets a job. The most impotent job in the whole community. That job is the giver. The Giver is a story that you never want to read. The book has no description. It is a waste of time. This book is about a boy named Jonas. Jonas, his friends, and his family all live in a strange community. In the community you all have the same birthday. This community has no time for mistakes. The Giver is impotent he is the only one that can see color, have feelings, have memories, ect. This book has no life in it. I would not recommend this book. If I were you I would never look at the book. Some people might like this book but I didn't. I hated this book. It is the worst book to read no questions asked. The book is realy, truly, and positively is not a good read.This book should have caution tape that says, ""Do Not Read!"" This book is realy bad. I read it in school. I didn't do my homework because I had to read that book. When you are done reading this book review don't even think about reading this book."
"Jonas never knew that there was more out there. In the book The Giver by Lois Lowry, the main character Jonas lives in a totally controlled society, it is so controlled they can't even see color. In this story, the government controls everything. I do not like this book because it is written in a very formal style. Besides that, I think others might like this book because it is an interesting idea for a story.This book is about a boy named Jonas whose life is totally changed when he turns thirteen.  He gets a very special job.  Because of his job, he gets emotional. He can see colors and he can know the pain of the past.  This job is unique because only one person is chosen for it. After a couple of months working he realizes what a terrible world he lives in and decides to go elsewhere to change his life.This book is written in a formal way that middle school kids might not understand.  All the characters talk in a really stiff way. For instance, when Asher speaks angrily to Jonas, he then says ""I apologize for not paying you the respect you deserve."" The language is hard to read, and this makes the book it confusing.  There are common terms, like ""released"", that seem unfamiliar because they are used in a different way than I am used to. The type of dialogue the author uses makes the book hard to read.I would recommend this book for people who do not like action. This book is very slow. After I had read four two weeks, nothing had happened. I prefer book that are exiting like when you get into something right away. The story however had an interesting. Them that might interest some people.I seriously did not like this book.  The dialog was confusing and it was incredibly slow. If there was a bit more action, I might have liked it.  However just because I did not like this book, does not mean you will not."
"This is not typically the type of book that I would choose to read. I read it for a college assignment. I thought the book was very different. It had some unique qualities that kept it interesting. As a future teacher, I felt  like it could be used as a great literature teaching tool. The characters  were realistic but the setting and plot were not. I did not particurarly  like the material  or ideas the the book promoted but canot rule out some  good literature qualities. This book is definently a book to read as an  assignment and not for pleasure."
"This was not good literature based on three main reasons. I wasn't very interested while reading this book because it was first upsetting, secondly the ending was not what I expected, and finally it is disgusting. It was upsetting because they had no feelings for little children. If you were a twin they would weigh you and if you weighed less you would be released. Also, the ending wasn't good at all because it just ends, when you want to know more. Some of the memories the Giver transferred were disgusting. For example, when Jonas was sledding and hit a tree and he saw his own flesh and was bleeding. A quote to support my answer is then ending of the book, "" Behind him, across a vast distances of space and time, from the place he had left, he thought he heard music too. But perhaps it was only an echo.""  The way the book ended was confusing because it seemed that there should be more too it, but there wasn't. As you can see, this text is not good literature."
"What might have been a decent book, was all killed in the end. I am not sure how anyone gave this book 5 stars. It does not seem like a completed book at all, the ending completely left you hanging. I thought at first that it was the first set in a trilogy, only to find out that the subsequent books are not actual follow-up books but rather books with seperate characters, plots and societies. How disappointing! Its like the author got bored with writing the book and decided to just end it.  Save yourself some time and skip this book."
"This book tells the story of a boy that gets a job. The most impotent job in the whole community. That job is the giver. The Giver is a story that you never want to read. The book has no description. It is a waste of time. This book is about a boy named Jonas. Jonas, his friends, and his family all live in a strange community. In the community you all have the same birthday. This community has no time for mistakes. The Giver is impotent he is the only one that can see color, have feelings, have memories, ect. This book has no life in it. I would not recommend this book. If I were you I would never look at the book. Some people might like this book but I didn't. I hated this book. It is the worst book to read no questions asked. The book is realy, truly, and positively is not a good read."
"The Giver, December 16, 2004A Kid's ReviewThe giver was about a boy named Jonas. Jonas has a sister and a mom and dad. Jonas turns twelve and gets assigned a job. Jonas's job is The Receiver Of Memories. That means Jonas takes on memories. After his training he will be The Giver. The Giver talks about the last receiver of memories and how she asked to be released. So The Giver told Jonas after your training I will be released. So when he was done with his training he heard that Gabe his little friend that was staying with his family was going to be released. Jonas took Gabe and ran away.This book was hard for me to get into. It really didn't have a lot of action and was mostly boring in my opinion. That is why I rated it a one star."
Great story. Keeps you wondering even when you finish. People don't make good choices.
"terrible ending, much too short. could have been a great read...left me very confused."
The emotions are powerfully drawn. The characters and excellent writing shine throughout the novel.  The plot has enough adventure for young readers and enough depth for older readers too.  Some slightly darker scenes might disturb some readers but will move them at the same time and strengthen the book's message.
"The paperback is so delicate, like a napkin, is not a book to carry in a backpack."
"Thoroughly enjoyable read, cannot wait to delve into the next book of the series."
"I'm glad I don't live like the characters, not sure any of us would be around."
It was a very powerful book that tought us not to take anything for granited.
One of the most amazing books I've ever read. I read it when I was in fourth grade and I have remembered the book ever since. It's a great read for many ages and it makes the reader think about what life would be like with no emotional connections or anything like that.
I really enjoyed The Giver.  It kept me in suspense and kept me wondering.  It was very exciting because I wanted to know what was going to happen next.  I couldn't stop reading the book because it was so good!  Now I want to read all the books by Lois Lowery!

"Young Jonas, eleven and turning twelve, lives in a community of the future where everyone is happy and everyone is the same - to the point that sunshine has been 'edited out' and citizens don't see colors. The young lad is selected to be a keeper of memory, which means that the previous Keeper will give him his memories (by laying hands on him, Vulcan style). These are collective memories, of war, famine, biological families, snow, colors and sunshine (all eliminated from this 'utopian society'). Jonas feels colors and snow, decides they are good, snatches a little baby that was about to be euthanized and heads for the hills, with the blessing of his Keeper. The idea is that as soon as he's gone, the painful memories he had inside would spread out into the community and society would be transformed.  The writing is good, and the ideas sound interesting at first. The intent is fairly clear: this utopia of the future is collectivized, a sort of communism pushed to the extreme. The fact that the book was written during the Cold War tells you all you need to know about the intent and context. But the book ultimately fails because the ideas are not explored, they're just thrown out there, with the vaguest hint as to how this came to be. The inhabitants seem so thoroughly brainwashed that they are just lines on a page: they lack plausibility or any third dimension of thought and genuine feeling. The 'way out' is, again, simplistic; it seems a sleight of hand, an easy way out of the plot. If you want to read a far better description of an alternative reality, try The Left Hand of Darkness, or The House of the Scorpion (though the latter suffers from the same structural flaw of  a rushed, easy ending)."
I did not like this book!
not suitable for age 60.
"A dystopian novel from a child's point of view.  Most dystopian novels are written from the viewpoint of an adult who is fighting against the goverment and/or ideologies of the current world.  In The Giver, Lowry gives us the other side, a child who is happy and content with the world he lives in.  He later comes to see his world as oppressive and cruel, but it is this learning that makes this a unique and important work in the world of dystopian fiction. The prose and structure of the book are a bit more elementary (as this is a young adult book) and the story line more straight forward, but these do not detract from the lessons learned.  Not to be missed."
"The Giver is every adolescent's frustrated view of the world projected into a fictional future reality. Pills keep you from enjoying sex, your parents are obsessive-compulsively normal, and only one person in the whole city knows what's going on and how things got that way. One very special boy decides to break the chain. So far so good: we're talking Huck Finn in the 22nd century. Unfortunately, our hero's end is so open-ended, it begins to feel like the clones back in squaresville had it right all along. In my world, that makes The Giver a moral tale in support of oppressive conformity hiding in the sheep's clothing of an anti-social fable. Gross. Sometimes  being coy is just wrong."
"one cannot experience joy. That is how I experienced this book. I found it in my elementary school library and the title intrigued me. Upon finishing it, I determined that it is inappropriate for anyone under the age of 14. Some of the imagery is too disturbing. However, I became engrossed in it's superior writing and interesting, though not original, premise. It is the unusual perspective that gives this book it's twist. No, it doesn't go into detail to describe HOW and WHY, Jonah's society is the way it is. I think it is a book that is meant for one to think about long after it has been finished."
"This book makes a feeble attempt at demonstrating what a ""utopian"" society would look like. There is somewhat of a build-up for the main character to break free and for the community to become enlightened, but gaps in the story and the failure the close loops make the book a sore disappointment."
I have just read this book (...). This book was interesting and at some parts it left you wanting to read more and more. But at the begining of this book the author seemed to not have any idea of what she was writing. The begining and the end i personaly thought were terrible. Not so much as the end but the last chapter. The parts that kept me reading were good but still the author might have been able to put more thought into what she was writing. The author had many things that did not fit and things that were badly placed because of the words that she had said before.
"This is a great novel that many middle school aged students read as part of their school curriculum.  As a teacher, I use the audio version to play in class to cover some chapters.  Since I don't listen from beginning to end and have to reset and start at different points for each class period, the CD's are a bit awkward.  The tracks are not recorded by chapter or page number so finding the spot where my students left off is sometimes tedious.  Other than that, the recording is great and the kids like the reader's voice and the accompanying music for dramatic effect."
"Individual pages are falling apart from the binding. Now, I have a loose collection of pages rather than a book. Please be aware that the one star rating is for the physical book itself not the novel by Lois Lowry.Of course, the novel itself is excellent. Just don't buy this particular version or binding. The reason I bought this particular issue was its hardcover binding. I liked the novel so much when I read the novel borrowed from the library, I wanted to have a nice looking copy for myself. But alas, it was not to be, the book is falling apart!"
The Giver did not spark my attention. It was very boring and I found myself thinking of other thignss while reading this book. What I didn't like about The Giver specifically was the ending. I found it very difficult to read because you don't know what is happening to Jonas. The ending just plain didn't make sense to me as the reader.
too short.
over-rated
Excellent!
"I LOVE THIS BOOK.  Its my all-time favorite, and I'm an avid reader.  Read it!!Every since I read The Giver the first time, in elementary school, I thought it should be a movie.  I believe the movie is due out in 2007, but I may be mistaken.  My sister and I will be among the first to see it, I'm sure!"
"I had high expectations for this book, because Lois Lowry's Number the Stars was phenomenal, but these expectations were just not met. Jonas is an interesting enough character, and the giver/receiver concept of inheriting memories is interesting, but the ending of the book fizzled out, and I was very disappointed."
"I thought the Giver was a very entertaining book. The novel explores a society where there are many boundaries and diversity is forbidden. In the novel Lowis Loury creates a Utopian Society by shielding everyone from the bad. It helped me realize the boundaries that our society gives us, in school especially."
"After reading the giver I found it to be disappointing. It was gory, violent, and confusing at some parts. And then at the end it left much of the original plot unexplained. But at that, there were a few good parts. It's an okay book but I would not recommend It. But hey as the reader that's YOUR choice."
"This was the book that turned me on to reading as a child.  I bought this copy to remind me of simpler days.  And you know what?  I still loved it.  It's great for people of all ages.  The creativity and originality of this story will captivate the young as well as the old, still a page turner!"
Disappointing that the CD was obviously overwritten with the story.  It was possible to hear some of the songs in the background.  All the song titles are still showing - no chapters or book references.  I was disappointed and feel a little cheated since it was supposed to be a brand new copy.
"The Giver was not good literature because it wasn't full of feelings, there was not interesting details, and there was not a surprise ending.  The Giver was not full of feelings because Johanas' community had no feelings.  Also there was nothing to explain if there were no emotions.  Another reason why The Giver was not good literature is because there were no interesting details.  Nothing was really explained in The Giver.  Also in the interesting parts the author didn't really go into detail.  Lastly, The Giver was not good literature is because there was not a surprise ending.  The ending of The Giver was horrible.  The last words of the whole story were ""But perhaps it was only an echo.""  That is why The Giver was not good literature."
"This boring novel is filled with sci-fi.  Only few parts in the book are exciting. Even though strange, it has earned many awards. The author that wrote this book is very talented. It is filled with sadness. The best part  in the book is when Jonas (main character) learns what the word released  means. Released is when a person is killed that is not reacting good in the  community that they live in. In his community there are no automobiles,  alcohol, money and many other different things. Instead of driving cars  they drive bicycles.  There are also no jobs.  Instead of money people get  things free. Goods are supplied to all households.  Over all I don't  reccomend this book."
"Could you imagine living in a world that is always tring to be perfect.  This book is called The Giver and it was written by Lois Lowery.  The main characters of this novel are Jonas, Gabrial, Mom, Dad and the giver.  The setting in this novel is in the community.  The main conflict in the novel is that Jonas doesn't like that world cause it is so terrible.  I think that the community is a dystopia because they try so hard to make it perfect but they make it a nightmare.  I think that book is an ok book because it wasn't my type.  - Duane Duncan"
I THOUGHT THIS BOOK WAS FEELED WITH ADVENTURE JUST LIKE MODERN SOCIETY.IT STARTS WITH A BOY NAMED JONAS HE GET ASSIGNED A JOB IN HIS COLOR-LESS COMMUNITY AND HE BECAMES ONE OF THE ONLY HONORED PEOPLE . HE WAS THE RECIVER OF MEMORY. HE GETS TRANSMITED THE MEMORIES OF THE PAST THAT THE COMMUNITY CANT BARE TO SEE. THE COMMUNITY DOESNT KNOW OF THE PAST THEY DONT SEE COLOR AND THEY DONT HEAR MUSIC AND THEY GET ASSIGNED TO FAMILY UNITS.THE PARENTS DONT GET TO HAVE THEIR OWN CHILDREN THEY TAKE PILLS TO FIGHT THE ERGES. YOU GET A MOM A DAD AND 1 BOY AND 1 GIRL. WHEN YOUR TWELVE YOU GET ASSIGNED TO A JOB JUST LIKE JONAS. JONAS FINDS OUT THE HIS FATHER; A NURTURER KILLS BABYS BY STICKING A NEEDLE IN THEIR FOREHEAD. HE ALSO KILLS PEOPLE WHO GET REALEASED.AT THE END JONAS TAKES A NEWCHILD;GABRIEL TO ELSEWHERE SO THAT THE PEOPLE IN THE COMMUNITY CAN ACTUALLY FEEL PAIN AND LOVE . SO JONAS TAKES GABE TO ELSEWHERE SO HE WONT BE KILLED;REALEASED.THE PART I HATE IS WHEN AT THE END YOU REALLY DONT KNOW IF JONAS AND GABE DIED ON THE WAY DOWN THE HILL ON THE SLED AND THE MUSIC THEY HEARD WAS FROM HEAVEN. OR REALLY HE HEARD MUSIC AND SAW A HOUSE.
"I don't recommend the book the Giver to most people. It has a poor mixture of mystery and drama. If you like action books, this one's not for you. It has a dull plot because it takes place in a discrete area that is disconnected from society that we know and love. Everything is perfect, except for one thing. The freedom of choice we have does not exist in that world. The main character is a young boy by the name Jonas. He is chosen to take on a job that the community depends on. He has to receive many memories of the past in order to protect the future, yawn. if you were to like the book, Charlie and the Chocolate factory, this ones for you."
"The GiverLeandra BrownThis text was not a good example of good literature. This story doesn't demonstarte good and interesting  details, a suprising ending, or relates to me and my personal life. Here's a quote that supports my answer, ''Behind him, acrosss vast distances of space and time, from place he had left, he thought he heard music , too. But perhaps it was only an echo.'' This part of the ending was not good nor suprising. Also, I was unable to relate to the story. I  could not picture myself as one of the characters. The details that the author left in the novel were unclear and vage. You had to guess for yourself what had happened. The author left bits and pieces of information, not answering the questions that came into your mind. For example, the author talked about Rosemarry and how she failed as the Reciver as Memories, but failed to clearify how she was the daughter of the Giver. It was  very confussing and hard to understand. So in conclusion, this novel was not good literature."
In this book people live in a perfect world. Everybody is happy with what they do. Nobody is unhappy. I personnally dislike this book and the only reason i read it is because my teacher made me. I kind of like how they can transmit memories though.  That is my review.
"I thought The Giver was bad. It was boring, and there really wasn't a point. Are assignment for school was to read one or two chapters a night, and it was really hard for me to fulfill the assignment. My mom and my sister tryed reading it, and they only got through three chapters, and then put it down."
Can you imagin a perfect world but the world isn't as perfect as you think. Well a boy name Jonas finds this out. He becomes the receiver who keeps all the bad memories. If someone dose something bad they get released. It is a place were you first might wont to live there but after a while you think it is a terrable place. i really didn't really like this book. Some parts are that good but you don't have to take my word for it.  -Patrick  Haberl-
I had to read this book in my english lessons!My opinion of this book is that it is very boring because many parts are difficult to read (I'm from Germany)!There is no action in this book! The topic is very interesting but its too short and there are not enough descriptions about the community and there history!The Open-end is a big mistake. I want to know how does the story ends!An other penalty point is that the story is written in a long-winded way.This book could be better.
"Wow. I can't believe I am paying someone to force me to read such utter garbage. (college student) I have never wanted to die more than when I read this book. If you have a heart at all, spare yourself the pain of such literary disgrace. 0/10 would not recommend."
"I do believe that this was the worst book I have ever read in all my life.  Normally, I love Lois Lowry, but this book was not one of her best.  I had to do a report on the setting of this book, and while the characters were developed enough to understand the book, the setting was bleak.  Sameness... how can you develope 2 pages strictly on the settingof sameness.  I would not recommend this book to anyone!"
now before u reas tis book be warned that there may be things u dont understand and want to know more about...if u countinue this series u will understand ALL
"The book Im doing my review on is The Giver and the author is Lois Lawry. Some of the main characters are Jonas,the Giver,Jonas's parents, and Gabriel. The setting of this book is in a private community. Some of the main conflicts are that Jonas gets. To the age where he gets assigned his jobs. Something specail is when they get there jobs. The place they're at is a dystopia. I liked the book at first, but then  it got boring. I didn't like that their comunity wanted to be so perfect it was boring. Thats my opinion."
"This book is widely used in English class by middle schools in Southwestern Pennsylvania.I have heard many complaints from parents  about the violent subject matter contained in this story.After reading  the book, I find that the most offensive incident was the murder of a  newborn twin via lethal injection. As newborns have no visible veins, the  infant was injected in the forehead.Now if you think that this is  appropriate subject matter for your 7th and 8th grade children, buy it.  If  you choose not to buy it, please beware that they may still read it in  school.As an adult and father of four, I'm left with the impression that  an adolescent would be less likely to trust their parents after reading  this book.  Save you money and buy a classic."
"Inspiring book. Anticipation grew with each chapter. Could not put it down, wanted to keep going! A book every person should read."
"The Giver is not good literature. The book is not good literature because it does not share an important message, the characters are not believable, and it is not full of feelings. The book does not have an important message. In the book it explains how everything is the same. In our town this will never happen. The characters in this book are not believable. They are not believable because they have pills that make them not have feelings for anyone. Also, they can't have their own kids. They have things called family units. One last reason of why they aren't believable is because they have a speaker that tells them everything to do. On page 23 it says, ""Attention. This is a reminder for male elevens that objects are not to be removed from the recreation area and that snacks are to be eaten, not hoarded,"" This is the speaker telling Jonas what to do. Lastly, the book is not full of feelings. A boy dies in the river and no one is even sad. Also, when people are released they are just killed. No one in the community is scared to do it or sad that it is happening. This is why I think that ""The Giver"" is not good literature."
great
I'm surprised this book is so famous. I was severely disappointed. Anticlimactic and very slow until the last few pages--then terribly sped up with no real conclusion. Ugh!
i thought that the book was very confusing.  the community that it was placed in was extremely odd. I could not concentrate on the story because it was so strange.
"This was too outre for me.  It was on our Book Club list , so I read it in its entirety, but didn't like it."
"This book needs serious help. Lois Lowry started out with a good idea but turned it into an oversentimental, childlike sci-fi wannabe. Plus, it has a similar plot to another one of her books, Gathering Blue. An author can't make money off of two books that have an almost exact plot, except with different character names. I was told that Gathering Blue is a COMPANION, but note that it was never said it was a prequel, sequel, or even book in the series. Take a breath of fresh air and read something else."
OMG
This book really didn't have a meaning to me. The ending sucked. You couldn't tell what happened. You should put in a better meaning to the end of the book. The book was very stupid also. It was very not meaningful.
"I thought this book was ghastly. This book is based in a utopia where the government is perfect and everyone lives in harmony. A boy named Jonas has become the receiver of memory, his journey is filled with joy and pain. But the only pain there is s having to read it. If you have a choice don't. The author did an awful job writing it, there was almost no action and it had a linear plot. So do yourself a favour and don't read it."
I found this to be a huge dissappointment. I didn't like the ending at all and all the loose ends
"The Giver while deffinately not a dry and boring book should not be included in the children's reading category. I have been doing an independent study on Newberry Award winning novels at my highschool and I  must say that I can not figure out how it was chosen when it does not fit  the criteria. The topics of suicide, murdering of children, and profanity  would scare any child!The adult book has been disguised as a child's and  should return to the proper placing."
"There is a lot of excitement about this book.  I read it before my daughter, and man was I glad I did.  This is an intersting, read, but for kids over 14.  I believe the subject of murdering babies is not appropriate, not matter what, for pre-teens.  The book is too dark for young kids.  There are many parts of the story that are wonderful and thought provoking, but it just goes too far for kids.  Call me a prude, but what my kids read IS important -- I urge you, as a parent to read it first to see if you agree."
"Out of the two books that Mrs. Lowry wrote, that I read, I like The Giver the best. I thought Number The Stars was kind of boring. I liked how Jonas was my age, in The Giver, so I could relate to him a bit. And, even though Gabe wasn't Jonas'  brother, I could relate to that, too. So, I could really get into the book, because of that.I didn't like the ending of The Giver, though. I don't think many people liked the ending either. So, I have a request, could you make another book, of the same topic, but with a better ending? I also didn't like the whole release thing. Especially with the twins, how they would kill the one who weighed the least.Overrall I would say this was a great book, and just forget about my rating I put! I really got in to it, even though it was an assignment for my English class, well, now that I think about it, so is this letter!"
"The Giver, by Lois Lowry is a very boring book.The characters are very polite and appoligize way too much. The setting is very boring because it has no color.  In this book the character Jonas is chosen to the Reciever of Memories.He dosen't like the fact that him and The Giver are the only ones who can feel pain.At the end of the book |Jonas makes a big decision.  I feel that this book was very boring and has no action. I also thought this book was too long, but I like short books. This book has 180 pages. I didn't like this book because not everyone can feel pain.The part I disliked the most was when Jonas made his big decision at the end. I feel the author could have made his decision seem even bigger.I would have liked this better if Jonas would have shown more pain. I don't request this book to anyone."
"For all of you out there ""iffy"" on getting the giver-don't.  It's great for a once a month book report or something, but never for fun.  Believe me.  It bored me to death.  I mean, who wants to read about killing babies, vomiting and living in a world with no color.  Your probably thinking, ""Yah yah yah. It's just one bad review"".  But it's not.  My brother and all my friends read it and we all hated it.  So there.  I'm really sorry to all these people that have to listen to this crap and even more I'd like to thank Barnes&Noble.com for publishing this review.  Thank-you."
I am enjoying this series of books.
"the main characters of book is Jonas,the  reciever,and Jonas family.  The title of this book is The Giver  by Lois Lowry.  The setting of this novel is in a small cummunity.  The  main conflict of this story is  basically Jonas trying to get away from the community cause it's not utopia.  The utopia of this book is for every thing to be safe and no critism and the dystopia is that they released you if you do something wrong.the award of this book is that it receive a newberry award.  My opinion of this book is that I sereously didn't like the book .  It's  too dumb  because you get release for not doing somthing right . Come on.  There would  never be a place like that ever (EVER)."
"I hated this book.  I am 62 and I have been a reader all my life. I am a teacher with 32 years of classroom experience.  I have taught every age group,  kindergarteners through adults.  I read this book when I was a remedial reading and writing teacher in a high school in upstate NY. I hate the book and I would not recommend it to anyone,  middle school students or any other age group.I have read and enjoyed sci fi since my 20s. This book is not great or excellent.... I am not even sure if it is good.I just watched the author being interviewed on TV.  How smug!  She has pulled the wool over the eyes of many people and may well be laughing all the way to the bank."
"The giver is a very interesting book, it takes place in a small pretty poor community. It is the middle of December and Jonus is going through troubles in her life. Jonus switches schools for some reason and has to cope with the new students and new area. She meets new friends including: Asher, Lilly, Edna, Roberto, Larissa, and alot more including the Giver. Jonus doesn't really fit in to this new school so she needs her friends and family to back her up alot. She meets this giver and doesn't know whether or not to trust him or not but in the end every thing turns out relatively good but you'll need to read it and find out for your self."
"I thought The Giver was good literature because full of feelings, also, it had lots of description, and last it had a surprise ending. First, this book was full of feelings because all of the memories had a different feeling to them. Next, this book had lot of description because when Jonas broke his leg they went into ALOT of description. Last, this book had a surprise ending. They could have given us a little more detail about what happened to Jonas and Gabe. The last thing they said in the book was ""Behind him, across vast distances of space and time, from the place he had left, he thought he heard music."" This is why The Giver was good literature."
"Giver ReviewThe Giver by Lois Lowry is a terrible book.  It is interesting for about the first four or five chapters but then is very boring.  This book is not worth your time to read.  It is a very distinct and interesting topic but I think the book could have a different storyline to make it interesting.  For some cultures, this community might not seem so farfetched.  This book receives a half star out of four.  It is a book not worth reading."
"To me reading The Giver was just a class assignment. I am not what you would call me a ""reading type."" If I had to say some good things about it I would say that it had a lot of feeling. To me, The Giver was a wierd book. But it was interesting in some parts of the story. Like when he tells his parents his special dream, that part made me laugh. The Giver was an alright book to me, but to someone else it could be the greatest book they have ever read."
"Throughout this particular story, I was enthralled by the lack of writing talent.  The only use for this book was for a coaster.  Also, when I was cold, I made a fire.  Lois Lowry is a disturbing author whom I think belongs behind bars.  This selection would have been rated less, however (just like the Giver) there is a lack of choices for negative stars.  The beginning was completely understandable, however as the book continued, I became more disgusted with the thoroughly perceivable message.  Read the book, I dare you!  I would not recommend this book to Saddam Hussein."
Charming short book.
"I do not think the book ""The Giver"" was a good book. I do not like how the community was controlled. The book takes place in the future but  there technology is not any more advanced than today.It was odd how  they released the elderly and the newborns.It was heartless how they  released people.I thought it was wrong. It was a somewhat  interesting book  but I DO NOT recommend it."
"I do not think the book ""The Giver"" was a good book. I do not like how the community was controlled. The book takes place in the future but  there technology is not any more advanced than today.It was odd how they released the elderly and the newborns.It was heartless how they  released people.I thought it was wrong. It was a somewhat  interesting book  but I DO NOT recommend it."
THIS BOOK WAS LONG AND BORING.  I DONT KNOW HOWTHIS BOOK WON AN AWARD ! IT SUCKED! EVERYONE I ASKEDSAID IT SUCKED TO. WHATS SO GOOD ABOUT A KID WHO IS CHOOSEN TO GO TO THIS OLD GUY SO THEY HAVE MEMORIES. THEY TOWNS SO STUPID THEY HAVE CLIMATE CONTROL! THERE TOWN IS COMMUNIST I'D SAY.  MY REAL RATING IS A -10! I DONT RECOMEND THIS BOOK TO ANYONE!!!!
"I hated this book.  It was really stupid.  It had no point, and come on a world with no choice, color, and pain. It is totally unrealistic.  I gave it one star.  Nobody in the community has memories except the Receiver of Memory.  I did not like it because I don like books that are stupid."
"Jonas is a kid that seems to have a normal life.  However as he starts to grow older he realizes that his town isn't all that great.  He notices differences that he's never seen before.  His perfect little town seems to come to start losing its appeal when he learns more about the ""outside.""  This is a great book for children to read, and a great book for older kids to look into the ""hidden"" meanings.  I encourage people of all ages to read it.-MM, Sunapee High School."
"I HATED THIS BOOK!!! When I was in fifth grade, my teacher read this book to us, and I didn't like it then. Now, as a sixth grader going into seventh, I had to read it again for summer reading. I thought reading it again would help me like it better, but I still dislike it now. I reccomend this book to NO ONE, unless you want to be bored out of your minds. And if you have to read it for school, like me, get it from the library. Don't waste your money on this book."
"The Giver was an odd book.  The beginning was terrible but the middle and most of the end was interesting at times.  At the end of each chapter something happened that made you want to read more.  I wouldn't reccomend this book to anyone who likes lots of action and thrills, because The Giver hardly had any.  Also, if you don't like to think a lot while reading, this book is not for you.  There are also a few deaths, so if you get upset easily don't read this."
I would have to say this book is one of THE worst books I've ever read! It was totally ridiculous and I hated the ending(If you could call it that.) I felt like throwing the book across the room when I got done reading it.  TERRIBLE! TERRIBLE! TERRIBLE! I Loved Number The Stars but this piece of  trash doesn't even come close! I'm glad I didn't buy this(got it from  school library.) I would have been VERY mad if I did. Don't waste your time  with this one!
"The Giver to me was not a good book. You could not leave in the comunity,and the life style was boring. This book was not my favorite.  A little advice - don't read this book. I think the book Green Eggs and Ham  was a better book than this book. This book would have been alot better if  it had more action. The comunity had alot of dumb rules in it."
"Okay, my teacher assigned the whole class to read this book, The Giver, and the kids who were able to actually read the whole book, didn't like it. Maybe we are a class who just doesn't like science fiction books, or maybe the book wasn't that good. But a lot of people did enjoy the book, so it  isn't the latter.The book was just too weird. Creative?  Yes.  Well-  written?  Yes. Boring?  Heck yea' !  Jona's world is a world without  color, a lot of technolodgy is missing, feeling, and just about everything  good and bad of life is gone. Everyone is assigned a job. There are the  birthing people, the doctors, etc. But Jona's job is the job of the highly  respected Giver. The older Giver gives the kid feeling, and what it is like  in the real world.Plus, the ending was so confusing. NO one understood  it. There were too many questions not answered in the book.However, many  people obviously loved the book, and some just didn't. If this sounds like  your kind of book, buy the Giver. And if this review sounds like something  you would write, then don't buy the book."
"The book ""The Giver"" written by Lois Lowry is an ordinary English book. The story she describes is a fantastic and perhaps realistic  story. The world of Jonas can be compared to other Science-Fiction books  like ""Brave New World"". One of the negative points is the  unsettled end."
"The book wasn't so insteresting, because in the begining the reality that Jonas was in didn't seem the same as the reality that I'm in. It wasn't easy to understand that Jonas's community doesn't have what in my reality  does. Like Jonas's community doesn't have feelings of love, hurt,  pain,sadness, or even happiness. People in his community don't want nobdy  to suffer, that they want to have a perfect community. Something in this  reality can't be."
"This book is not good at all. It is very boring and really doesn't have a storyline and it seems too fake to think that it is anything close to the real world that we live in. The characters are always perfect and always become the same people in the inside. The people in this book can not choose their future, which is not fair. The book gets very boring after like the first chapter. I do not recommend this book."
This book was pretty boring to read.  I think it dragged on too long about how he felt in the book.  It was pretty much about his life in a community  where they have any color.  It started out boring but the ending was  ok....Otherwise I hated reading  this book.
"I just finished reading ""The Giver"" and I thought it was a great book, it makes you think. At first I thought it was a really stupid book, but when I was reading my opinion changed completely! The ending was rushed, but who cares it was still really good ! ! ! !"
I didnt like The Giver. It was a boring book and I thought itwould be better.I didnt like the theme of the story. It was confusingand it was boring. I thought it would have been better. Well this is my opinion on The Giver book .... Have Fun Reading~~!
"This review will be short and sweet. This book is terrible. Gave you enough to be interested and left you hanging at the end. I honestly didn't find the ""release"" part as bad as the Hunger Games in which they put teenagers in an arena to kill each other, but that's me! Would not recommend to kids as the others have said. Was so disappointed in the end I was actually mad. I hate when I invest time into a book and the end just stinks. Wish I had the past few hours back!! Ugh!!"
I think Lois Lowry wrote a very fantastic book.  It left me thinking for hours about what happened to Jonas and Gabriel.  This is one of favorite books ever.  You should buy this book.
I thought this book sucked. We had to read it for school and I practically  fell asleep through the whole book thats how boring it was. It was so dull  no color or excitement to it.
"Laborious. As writers voices go, this one is droning the minutes of the Petty Bureaucrats' Town Planning Meeting. There are plenty of other dystopias to read, executed rather better. Pace, characterization, vivid description, originality are all notably absent from this book."
"The GiverThe Giver was sort of a desturbing book. For example, while the old man was giving up his memory to Jonas, he was losing his own memory. I didn'n really like it , because it wasn't  interesting enough for me. The book, however,  would be interesting  to some people, because of its mysteriousness. The book makes the reader think about our society today as you try to figure out what's happening."
"""The Giver"" is a novel which deals with the problems boy named Jonas who lives in a totalitarian system.I this system,the habitants are genetically manipulated so that they are not able to feel.Only the ""Receiver of Memories"" has feelings and Jonas is chosen to be the  next one. In his assignement he is able to get to know the whole truth  about their society which reveals enormous cruelties.The author employs the  third- person-point of view but she stays close to the protagonist's  perspective,so that the reader is able to identify with Jonas.The novel is  easy to read and to understand because she often uses hypotaxes.In regard  to the content and the action, the text is diaphonous and the characters do  not have uncommon personalities.I think,the novel is approciated for  younger people from about 10 to 14 years because the plot is often flat and  ordinary. So in my opinion,the text does not belong to  high-quality-literature."
"This boring novel is filled with sci-fi.  Only few parts in the book are exciting. Even though strange, it has earned many awards. The author that wrote this book is very talented. It is filled with sadness. The best part  in the book is when Jonas (main character) learns what the word released  means. Released is when a person is killed that is not reacting good in the  community that they live in. In his community there are no automobiles,  alcohol, money and many other different things. Instead of driving cars  they drive bicycles.  There are also no jobs.  Instead of money people get  things free. Goods are supplied to all households.  Over all I don't  reccomend this book unless you are boring."
"UPDATE: 01/26/2014 - and dear heavens - it's becoming a movie. Featuring Jeff Bridges and Meryl Streep... and no less than Taylor Swift. Gah!For the incapable of coping - ignoring the following warning will only save you from reading this book:***THIS POST CONTAINS SPOILERS***The nasal and flat characters of this story.  The very life, color, emotion was drained out of each of them.  I know, that was the point.  They gave up these things so that they could have ""better""  lives.The ""1984"" meets ""Logan's Run"" atmosphere  permeated the entire turning of events.  No end in sight.  Although I  pictured mostly the cheesy outfits of the ""Logan's Run"" movie.  The ""precision of speech"" and the absolute droning manner of the  dialogue continued to wear me down.  Things like ""comfort object""  ""requisition of ..."" ""bicycle port"" after being said a  few times I tuned them out completely.I could predict what the next  words were going to be throughout the story - so consistent was the  dialogue.  I knew what ""release"" was from the start.  I wasn't  surprised to learn it was death.The whole numbering thing, the age and  numbering thing, the numbering age and dress and social thing.  I got it -  I understood the point, but the author would beat every example into the  ground - as if I might have forgotten.  It was monotonous.I know, that  was the point.Then Jonas meets the Giver - and I think - AHA!  Here's  the answer!  And then the memories come and I think - AHA!  Here it comes!  But Jonas flees with Gabriel and they drift off into the eternal snows -  ""or maybe it was just an echo.""So 1) Did they die?  2) Did  they find ""elsewhere""?  3) Was Jonas just playing make-believe  the whole time?It was like one of those movies that after sitting  through the whole thing the main character wakes up from a dream.  It left  me feeling cheated.And then I saw it was written in 1993 - I could have  almost forgiven the book if it came from an earlier era - the '50's or  '60's I could have almost forgiven it... almost."
"I thought The Giver was good literature because full of feelings, also, it had lots of description, and last it had a surprise ending. First, this book was full of feelings because all of the memories had a different feeling to them. Next, this book had lot of description because when Jonas broke his leg they went into ALOT of description. Last, this book had a surprise ending. They could have given us a little more detail about what happened to Jonas and Gabe. This is why The Giver was good literature."
"The Giver revealed an intriguing worldview, as it gave the reader something ""different"" to debate.  I thought it was slow to start.  The realease of the lighter twin was extremely graphic and grosteque.  I think this book should not be read for fun or even in schools.  This book is for adults.  I don't like how this book is being pitched to school children as early as grade 6!"
"This book is about a 12 year old kid named Jonas. He lives in a world were they are trying to create peace everywhere, where there is no criminals or poor. Every family is perfect with two children. when the kids turn 12 the get a job that suites them the best. Older people teach them about how to do thier job correctlly, Jonas happens to get the giver, who knows things about the past that Jonas doesnt know. Everyone lives in the perfect happy world of our dreams.  THE GIVER is written by Lois Lowry. It's a fictional book. i didnt like this book because it didnt make any sense realy to me and the parts that did i thought that they were dumb. I think this book is best suited for people who love to read or read a book every day, unlike me.  that is my book review on THE GIVER."
"Thank you so much for a timely shipment. This book was ordered for my child's reading assignment in class. The last time I ordered an item for an assignment for someone else, the books never arrived, and the order had to be canceled with the supplier and with the bank. So I am very grateful for your prompt response.As far as the book itself goes. I am extremely satisfied with the high quality. This book will be used more than once since I have multiple children who will be able to utilize it.Thank you again.Extremely Satisified Customer,Joi-Nitashe Graham"
"Spoiler alert:There is more than one way to read a story; more than one level of interpretation, implied and/or inferred. There are different aspects of a story one can stress.One might point to a story where the ""Father"" gives over his ""son"" to shoulder the sins of the world in order to save us so that we may live. Sounds like serious stuff until the story ends with the ""son"" arriving in the world via a red sleigh like Santa Claus on Christmas morning.I had to giggle. It is a children's book after all.I suppose I could be offended and take this story as seriously as many people do but just because the author values pride and individual choice above fairness, politeness, no war or hunger. . . well, that's up to her. But the fact that she feels the need to set up a society with faults that don't follow from any reason is troubling. One could suggest that pride and individualism (and the like) are right-wing values while being fair and polite (and the like) are left-wing values but few parents teach their children to be rude and unfair; values such as these are best left to dubious ideologies, as if larger society shouldn't be valued as highly as family. When all is said and done, there is not enough depth of religious or philosophical ideas for me to take it seriously . . . only a straw-man society that has flaws that are as unlikely as its strengths.But wait, there's more . . .One main rule for the main character is that he must not discuss with anybody including parents and elders, what goes on behind closed doors with the old man who is his trainer. What might go on in this room? Here's what we do know:""Move to the bed, and lie face down. Remove your tunic first"" . . . ""What are you going to do sir?"" . . . . He placed his hands on Jonas's bare back.Now, I was warned that there were some surprises, some of them disturbing, but this situation and language seems to pass right by people. This is a teachable moment but what might our children learn from the words as written?"
"The author aborts a slow paced delicately written story with a nonsense ending. At the end of the story, Jonas climbs the hill sees the warmth and love in a colorful world of Christmas, family, fireplace.I did not recall if, there was a big cross or star of jesus on the tree, an old rocking chair with grandma sitting in it. May be we could add a voice- over invoking a Hallmark cards, as the camera pans up and back showing the two dead children on a snowcapped  mountain with the sky backdrop of two lone but beautiful shining stars.. A vision of death with love of Christmas and Jesus.I was offended.. I felt ripped off by not being given a thoughtful ending, and felt the author wrote an ending that was as cruel as the murderous cult characters she painted.The reader is entitled to a finish with thought and morality; not this quasi-symbolic Christian hammer of death. The Beatles knew  ""Love love, love, all you need is love, all you ever need is love"" is great for songs that inspire action not just belief. Action not just suffering.Perhaps the author ran out of paper, or the limit of her ideas, or had just come from being reborn. ."
"It sucks. First off it's exactly like the movie Pleasantville which really blew. Second off read the ending, He climbs up a snowy hill, the end. That's really cheesy and boring. Peace out my G-Unit homy. This book is whacked up, know what I'm sayin'."
"Although given a newberry award, The Giver is both boring and confusing.  It's too confusing and deep for children.  I didn't understand this book and I don't think it made a lot of sense."
I think The Giver was a dumb book. The Giver was a boring bookand it had no points and it had a bad ending.  The book was not a kidsbook but it would be a good book for old people or boring people who like to read.
"This book freaked me out as a child, and gave me nightmares.  I love to read, and this is one of the few books that I hate, even to this day.  I'm sure if I read it again, I would get more out of it, but I can't bring myself to do it!"
"this was such a boring book! I had to read it for school, and i kept falling asleep! it is confusing and has a very wierd plot. An old man passing on memories by touching someone? give me a break! dont read this book!"
"After reading this book, I felt very disturbed about the topic.  It has no clear ending, and is just badly written.  Don't read it."
I cannot think of anything positive. This book should only be read by a true science fiction lover in high school.
This book was not very good in my opinion because it was just not intersesting.  Also the characters were very boring
"I was expecting a novel but this version of the book is broken up and asks a lot of questions to the reader like I'm in school. Which is fine, if I'm in school. If ur looking for the novel version look else where."
"The Giver by Lois Lowry is a very opinionated book. Different people will think different things about the book and I think there are too many choices to make at the end of the story. In The Giver, a child named Jonas is getting his new 'assignment' for his life and he just happens to get the 'Receiver of Memory'. He then must receive memories of things that other people in the community do not know.In the Giver, Lowry tried to make some sort of Utopia (Perfect World) and wanted to show that this would probably never happen and that this world might be perfect but there are still some flaws in it. The author also tries to show that our world also has flaws. I think the author tried to go too far into the future because it might be a long time until we invent or do things [are bad] as: people come and take your dishes at night, when you get hurt or have pain, they bring a pill to you and the pain just goes away.I believe this book should not be intended for children or young adults, I think it should be for people 14 years and up. This book should not have been made for everyone because it shows a kid that committing suicide will get you out of a problem or a bad situation. This book haunts me in my sleep and I am 12, I'm not scared of hardly anything but this book scared me. Just think about it, would you want your child to be reading a book where a 12 year old washes and cleans and elderly person? Would you want your child to be reading a book where somebody injects a baby in the head with some sort of liquid? Would you want your child to be reading a book where a boy dreams of bathing a girl in his sleep? If I could, I would ban this book in any library or store. Because of these reasons, I give The Giver one out of five stars."
"Ok, here is a story about a town who doesn't have to worry about pain or change.  You are assigned jobs and you have to apply for spouses and children but there are only 2 children, one boy and one girl, per household.  And they have The Ceremonies, where at certain ages you get certain privliges.  Anyways when this one kid named Jonas turns 12 he is ""selected"" as the Reciever of Memory and he meets the Giver where he gets all these memories.  He expiriences stuff the rest of the town has no clue about.Anyways I had to read this book for school and I didn't like it too much.  It wasn't hard to understand - everything was explained clearly.  But I mean come on, this book is so strange in a bad way.  And when Jonas learned what being released was it made me want to put the book down and never touch it again.  I can handle a lot of things but this book makes me sick!  And I would not read this to younger children or those with a weak stomach.  So to anyone who is thinking of buying this book, don't unless you have to for work/school."
"I read this book because a young adult friend of mine recently started a philosophical discussion using it as a springboard. I was immediately disappointed in the overly simplistic way in which the author puts together her ideas. However, it was a quick read and I was able to finish it easily within a couple of days. It was a stark contrast to the book by a Japanese author which I had just finished reading.Obviously, a person who writes this sort of book has an agenda to comment on her  society - to warn about trends that she sees afoot, and to offer some ideas for potential solutions. That's what visual artists would call the ""grand narrative."" I also imagine that there is a ""lesser narrative"" as well - that is to say it may be something of an allegory for some aspect of her own relationship to the world.I can see why this book spoke to the heart of my friend. I compare it to a similar book (and series) I read when I was young - the ""White Mountains"" by John Christopher (pen name for Samuel Youd). Certain very caring and smart young people who find that they don't really fit in, here in the culture of the USA, latch on to these kind of stories as being those which might possibly provide guidance for them as they seek to navigate their social problems. I just wish that the authors of such books would have more of a sense of nuance of the problems and possible solutions for these young people before they set pen to paper - that is, if they really are trying to serve the needs of that type of kid.I can see how Lois Lowry ticked off all the boxes when she was designing the plot of ""the Giver"" - she was careful to cater to all the preconceptions (prejudices) within the sensibilities of the American reader population. She even included a Christ-like figure in the book. Because of this practice, I feel the book ends up as a hollow and empty shell of what it could have been. The author does not seek to challenge her readers and share new insights, but instead her book becomes a perfectly resounding part of the echo chamber of the way that left-leaning American thinkers see the framework of the problems of society around them.However, I suppose this is exactly why it is popular, and why it has become an award winning novel. People will only devote the time to reading things which confirm what they already feel about how the world works.Children's novels need to use simple language, but there's no need for simplistic ideas. I would have also appreciated a more realistic character arc for Jonas. It's odd that his big decision to leave his community comes out of nowhere and becomes decided upon in his mind over the scope of three or four pages of the book."
"My opinion of ""The Giver"", is the same opinion as theone I have about Puley Shore movies. They're quite entertaining in thebeginning, but after awhile, the plot gets dull and eventually loses its flavor. The idea of having a perfect society is a good idea for a story, but dragging out the idea that the characters have no emotions gets a tad bit annoying. I get the idea that the characters have no emotions, but Lois Lowery has to tell the reader every other sentence. She acts like the reader is going to forget or something. I admit, the beginning of the story is good; how Lowery tells you about the society's rules, and the Giver's job, but after all that is said, she says the same thing over again. And the ending was the worst ever in the history of literature. This is a horrible book. I suggest it to people who like to get cheated when they read or anyone who saw ""Lost in Space."""
"In the book The Giver"" the author Lois Lowry describes life in a community which is completely different from our society. The 12-year-old main character Jonas is chosen to be the new Receiver of Memory whose task it is to contain all the memories of the past. All other members of the community live without memories. The community controls and watchs over what everybody does in the community. People do not feel any pain or other things and the people in the community cannot see colours or choose on their own. The Giver transmits the memories to Jonas and will be released when he has finished. At the end of the book Jonas and Gabe leave the community, because he cannot bear his life in the community.Jonas and his family live in a dwelling. Jonas is a typical child of the community who plays with friends, attends school and does volunteer work. Jonas cannot speak to anyone only with the Giver who gives him the memories. Jonas feels lonely, because he cannot understand his friends and the people. Jonas has his own opinion on everything and he sees the community from another view. He has many qualities for example intelligence, integrity and courage.The book has an open ending so that the reader can imagine his / her own ending. With the book ""The Giver"" Lois Lowry wants to say that people need freedom and memories and not control. People independent on the community, and this is not right. They must be independent and they must have feelings to go their own ways.I do not like this book, because it is too unrealistic for me. The book does not have any tension and it is difficult to read. The book is not interesting. And the open ending is stupid, because it does not say anything. The book is so boring that I would not read it if I did not have to read it."
"I've been required to read this book for my reading class. We took quizzes onit and discussed the book. I really didn't enjoy reading what I read because it'sabout the future with a perfect society. Why would someone want to live in thatkind of place? No competition, and you're assigned your future job, your child(s),and your spouse. How Pathetic. What's the point in life if everything has to beperfect. No wars? No memories? I'm glad to have my memories and I don't want toforget them. The only reason why I'm giving this book 2 stars instead of 1 isbecause Lois did a good job on descibing the characters and what's going on. Ijust don't like the storyline. Now, her other book 'Number the Stars' was fantasticand I rate that a 5 because it's also based on true events. It definatelycreates mood in the story of sarrow and pain. But 'The Giver' shouldn't have recievedthat award. But that's just my opinion."
"This book was horrible. It contained a bunch of ideas that were presented almost as though the author took it upon herself to put something new into the book every chapter, a stream of consciousness, without any way to link the ideas or to indicate that they are important in any way. The whole premise of transferring ideas was ill defined, as were the colors, and the book had rules that apparently no one could fathom, (experiences can go from this one to that one but not back, except when they get released). There is not even a bit of logic, to suggest that there was any thought put into this book. The narrative is invented as it goes along and little thought was put into creating a comprehensive story. I cringe that this book is being taught to our youth. If I had to read this garbage in school, I would likely have gotten a bad grade simply because the book cannot be tolerated as a story, and I would have said as much."
"It was awful!  I DO NOT recommend anyone read it.  Maybe some people would like it, but not me.  I kept reading it, hoping it would get good, but it just got worse.  And the worst part about it was that at the end, I seriously felt like the book had somehow taken something from me.  And I don't mean just my time.  Now I'm just trying to get it out of my head.  It had the potential to be really interesting, but I just don't think it quite got there.  Someone said it was rushed at the end.  I agree.  It felt like the author just kind of gave up.  I was hoping that the novel would redeem itself somehow, but no such luck.  I would be horrified if my child were required to read this in school.  I don't believe in censorship, but it shouldn't be required reading.  The reading level may be for younger readers, but certainly not the topics discussed in the book.  What were the Newbery people thinking?!"
This Book was ok because it would get good then it would lose your attention.  I liked when Jonas found out that his dad killed the babies because he thought his dad was a pretty good guy until then.  I wish his community was more like ares instead of it being based in the future because his community was way to strict.  When they became 12 they got a job and started working and learning to be that person of the community.  When Jonas gets called up for his award and job the whole auditorium gasps.  He gets scared because he thought that it was a bad job. The job of the giver.  Then he is walking into a building and going to where you recieve your training.  Well at the end of his training he gets a message sent to him from the givers head to his head without talking or anything except with a touch.
"This book has generally been described as a book about a utopia, while we ignore the pressing issue: this book is a dystopia.  Much more that a miscategorization, this book is generally poorly written.  With little to no figurative language, how can we expect our children to learn to write while reading just the basics of language.  Metaphors and irony make political commentaries good.There are also logical errors in her book.  It does not follow that death and leaving the bounds of the community would have the same consequence, yet in The Giver, they do.  There are much better books that offer much the same message of The Giver while using better language and better logic like Brave New World, Fahrenheit 451, Anthem, and 1984.  If we are looking to educate on a dystopia, any of those books would provide much more substance."
"I was supposed to read this book for seventh grade, so when I was reading it, it makes no sense at all. I mean When a little girl turn to an 9? what does the nine mean, and in this book this person put has twice, and I would not read this book again, and listen to the person who said only take it from the library, dont buy it, thats why i am rushing to read it. kids like me need a book with laughter, adventure so we kids would read it more, so if you want this book, be careful of buying it, cause this book is a peice of (junk)."
"The Giver was one of the most dark, sick, demented & depressing books I've ever read!It's amazing to me that the publishers would think this type of book would be suitable for ""young readers.""  It was unnerving to read about the euthanasia of infants in the story and also the suicide of a little girl was just plain sick!  I was very upset that this was required reading for my twelve-year-old son. I wish authors and publishers will come to realize that you don't have to have darkness and death in a book to provoke thought and emotion. Books with a light subject matter can be just as entertaining!  Overall if this book was written for an adult audience I wouldn't have a problem with it. However being that it was targeted towards youths, it was totally inappropriate!"
"I bought this based on all the positive reviews and the fact it was a Newberry Medal winner.  However, after reading it, I'm not sure I really trust the judgement of the Newberry Medal now.  As one of the negative reviews I read mentioned, any book that portrays a society nonchalantly 'releasing' newborn infants to maintain the order of things should not be a 'children's' book.  There are other young adult books that depict this type of apocalyptic society just fine without resorting to that level of monstrosity.  I did not feel enlightened at all upon finishing the book....just depressed and sorry I wasted my time and money."
"I had to read this book for 9th grade APP english. I found that in the begining i was excited to read it after hearing all the reviews and praise for it. Half-way through the book, I knew that i didn't like it, and I wouldn't be persuded into liking it. This book had alot of potential, but it failed to measure up. It didn't get exciting until the end, and the ending was not satisfying. I understand the ending was supposed to be happy, but it just left the story feeling incomplete.."
"Just a note to say my smart, high honor roll children hated this book.  It was a 5th grade assignment.  They thought it was not believeable and just played a little game of which would be the lesser evil, reading this book 15 times or ""The Lovely Bones.""  I haven't read it, just reporting their sub-optimal reactions.  Considering I would like my children to develop a love of reading, this book doesn't seem to fit the bill, though they did say it was thankfully quite short."
"When I read this book for the Children's Lit class that I teach, I was horrified. Not only is the story ineptly constructed, but it also portrays the blatant manipulation of the child protagonist by the very person who's supposed to train him for his designated job.  I had had high hopes for this book when I started reading it, but clearly Lois Lowry needs some instruction in how to create a functional alternate worldview. Her utopian world makes little sense because she fails to explore it in enough depth. I think if the book had been another 100 pages or so, it might have been worth the reading, but as it is, I'm horrified by both the popularity of the novel and by the uncritical manner in which it is approached by teachers and students alike."
A boy named Jonas gets a job called the Reciever of Memory. He has to  take a pill for something called stirrings. Jonas is twelve years old and has a sister named Lilly. Lilly is eight years old. His dad is a nurterur. No I didn't like this book because its senery is in the futer. I wasn't interested in the book. I would recommend this book to people who are intrested in the futer.  By:Philip
"That's all there is. This book is nothing more than a watered-down kiddie version of 1984. It uses the same central theme--disallusionment of ""the system"", rebellion against ""the system"", and the ultimate breaking of the disallusioned.The story is slow (and painful, if you've read any other society-gone-to-hell pieces), the characters are bland. Heck, the only reason Jonas and the Giver are any bit interesting is that Lowry seems to have fashioned them off of Luke Skywalker and Obi-Wan Kenobi."
When I read this book I was in sixth grade.  First of all I had a horrible time figureing out what was going on in some parts of its twisted plot.  This was certainly the most depressing book I have ever read.  When I sit down to read I want to be enjoying myself and this book really did not do that.  Finally it is long.  It seemed like it took forever to get through this relatively short book.
"The Giver is a really bad book to read because when I was reading it I did not understand what the book was trying to tell me. If you're a student, I suggest not to read this book. There are many other great books you could choose that would be much more interesting. I just felt this particular book didn't keep my interest and you shouldn't waste your time with."
"The Giver is a really bad book to read because when I was reading it I did not understand what the book was trying to tell me. If you're a student, I suggest not to read this book. There are many other great books you could choose that would be much more interesting. I just felt this particular book didn't keep my interest and you shouldn't waste your time with."
"In a world without feelings Jonas is chosen to be the new Receiver of Memory. That means he alone has to keep all the memories of the past. Gradually he recognizes that the community he lives in isn't that perfect as it's supposed to be. Together with the Giver of Memory he makes a plan to bring the memories like colors and real feelings back to the members of community...I didn't enjoy the book very much. It's just one more book of those that ""inconspicuously"" wants to call attention to the grievances of the world."
my granddaughter loved the book of what she could read. The first 40 npages were mussing. Very disappointed. Have never had an experience like this before when buying a used book. Want to return book for a complete one. please tell me how to do that. Thank you.
"This book had foul moments of terror! I read it to my brother Ackmed and my 5 cousins Hockmoud, Backmoud, Ockmod, Mah, and Dod. They are 7 each of them are 7 they were scared of the book! I do not reccomend this book to anyone!!"
"The beginning it is really boring. Once you pass like Chapter 6 or 7, that is when the climax gets very interesting."
I'm not sure what lesson the author intended but I wouldn't want my children to read this book.  Better that they should read Heinlein.
I am a identical twin. I don't like the book I am offensive by the book. If you are an identical twin I wouldn't recommend it.
"I am not a prude or a conservative in my outlook on life.  By most standards I would be considered fairly radical.  That being said, I absolutely cannot understand how this book has won the prizes it has as a ""Book for Children.""  While it is well written and thought provoking, and I consider 95% of it as suitable for kids, the ending may confuse and upset those of more tender years, and the graphic description of a release absolutely will shock and deeply disturb those of a more sensitive mien.  I have still not recovered from reading the latter, and I honestly wish I had never read it.  It will stay with me for a long time, upsetting me in the process, and I would never want that to be the case with any of my children.  Please, parents, do not think this book is a great read for your kids just because a number of ""experts"" have chosen to award it the prizes and accolades it has received.  It is, as I have titled this review, GHASTLY, and very disturbing.  In closing, I looked at the author's smiling picture at the back of the book and found myself thinking, ""What kind of person is this woman to be capable of writing such a descriptive passage of a release?  How could she ever want a child to read such a thing? Is she capable of writing other books that hit in such a darkly disturbing way?""  I will never be able to answer that last question because I will never read another book from this woman, whom I believe may have some pretty serious mental health issues, especially as it applies to her true feelings about children."
"Let's face it. I had to read this book for a project in school and I was misreable the whole way. I'm not a big sci fi fan, but even if you were I do not recomend this book.So there's a guy named Jonas, and in his community there is no love, no nothing. I'm not going to go into much detail, but I will say this: The ending was WAY too ambiguos. the authour could have done so much more with it.I'm sorry, but buy the book if you want to, but...Don'ty say I didn't warn you."
"This book is simplistic and sounds like it was written by some child. The ideas present within this novel are unformed and not clearly thought out. This book tries to be another 1984 written in the style of Albert Camus' The Stranger, but winds up sounding like the Unabomber's Manifesto written in the style of Dr. Seuss."
the giver was an interesting book but pretty lame and stupid
"My son's 6th grade teacher read The Giver to his class a few months ago.  I am into children's literature of all types and I as his mother like to read what he is assigned in his class.  I was very disappointed with The  Giver.  Number The Stars was absolutely 5 star fabulous.  But, The Giver---  too adult for one.  I especially didn't like the way Ms. Lowry degrades  womanhood and motherhood in this book.  To be called as a 'birthmother' in  this book is to have a dishonored scum life.  I already see enough in our  society of the degradation of motherhood--- I don't want to read it in a  book--- much less have my son exposed to such obsurdity.  Also, the part in  the book where all boys had to take a pill once the pubescent stirrings  begin was a very 'out to lunch' kind of notion.  I realize this is a  fictional book.  But, how about keeping books perfectly clean in all  aspects?  Number The Stars was clean and uplifting in all regards.  Charles  Dickens Great Expectations is about the best book I have ever read.  Ms.  Lowry has such a gift of writing.  I'd like to see her keep to clean,  uplifting, inspiring content.  Good books are my escape of societal ills.  The Giver reminded me of too much of our own social problems."
"My sixth grade son read The Giver as an assignment so I also read it.  The book is about a society in which each child's profession is chosen for him.  Only one child at a time is trained as The Receiver, the only one who knows emotions.  He receives that information from The Giver.  The book  contains visions of murder and suicide that I do not believe are  appropriate for children this age.  (It also gave me nightmares.)  In  particular, I object to a murder that is committed by a respected parent.  I think that a child could and would think that parents cannot be trusted  after reading this book.  I also disagree with the book's depiction of  child suicide and murder of the elderly.I think that so many children  like the book because their teachers present the book in a positive way.  Children expect that they will  be assigned to read good books, not lousy  books, and the teachers support that expectation.  Speaking as a former  teacher, I would never have assigned this book to my class.  Speaking as a  parent, I would never have encouraged my child to read this book.  It is  sick."
"The Giver was one of the most dark, sick, demented & depressing books I've ever read!It's amazing to me that the publishers would think this type of book would be suitable for ""young readers.""  It was unnerving to read about the euthanasia of infants in the story and also the suicide of a little girl was just plain sick!  I was very upset that this was required reading for my twelve-year-old son. I wish authors and publishers will come to realize that you don't have to have darkness and death in a book to provoke thought and emotion. Books with a light subject matter can be just as entertaining!  Overall if this book was written for an adult audience I wouldn't have a problem with it. However being that it was targeted towards youths, it was totally inappropriate!"
Children are forced to read this book in 7th grade. At one point the book was banned in many schools and I can see why. Do you really want your children to read about babies being murdered by their own parents and tossed down a garbage chute? That's only one example of this warped tale. The book is so dark that I think it can disturb children and possibly adults as well. The points made in the book can be made without the intense darkness and fear pervading the story.I don't think any 7th grader is emotionally mature enough to read The Giver. When I was in middle school we read a short story by Ray Bradbury that made all of the same points (in a SHORT story no less)without the horror. A better writer does not need graphic and disturbing details to bring a child to think.
"Newberry Awards are most useful for telling a reader which books to avoid. This is an example of a 'book' that wins an award for appealing to literary intelligentsia rather than because it's a 'good read'. There's no sense of wonder, no sense of adventure, but everything is very *PC*.Go buy ""White Fang"" or ""The Yearling""Read something by Mercedes Lackey, R. A. Heinlein, H. Beam Piper or David Weber. But for goodness sake, please don't buy this book on the same principle of *not* feeding stray cats. It only encourages them to stick around and reproduce."
"Hello every body!  I recommend you read this before you get the book.Hello, I just finished reading this book and found it super disturbing and offensive.  The thought that for Identical twin boys (whom I am) and the smaller one gets killed and put in a garbage shoot just makes me get into tears.  Thanks for reading this and take it into consideration.  Thank you- Sky"
"I decide I agree and share the same feelings with most of 1-star reviews. The book is on slow pace and colorless mode (like its community) until the last few chapters. The ending is stunning, but not in a good way. It is left uncleared of what actually happened to Jonas and Gabriel. In my perception, they died. The ending is sad and disturbing, even for adults like me. Defenitely not a book for children. I regret buying and reading this book. If you ask me, ""Holes"" is much worth reading and my recommendation."
"this book was a waste of my timethis story takes place in the future and in a society wherebabys are killed if they are not smart and if they remember things. In this story people do not see in color, only in black and white were certain clothes by gender. This sends wrong messages to kids this story doesn't make any sense at all only non-sense.I hated this book.i read it in the seventh grade and i still don't like it even though i understand it now."
"I don't recommend the book the Giver to most people. It has a poor mixture of mystery and drama. If you like action books ,this one's not for you. It has a dull plot because it takes place in an descrete area that is diconnected from society that we know and love. Everything is perfect, except for one thing. The freedom of choice we have does not exist in that world. The main character is a young boy by the name Jonas. He is chosen to take on a job that the community depends on. He has to recive many memories of the past in order to protect the future, yawn. if you were to like the book, Charlie and the Chocolate factory, this ones for you."
"I first read this book in seventh grade, for a book report. I had mixed feelings about certain parts, but ultimately hated it. It was too sci-fi for my tastes.I read it again recently, and I still don`t really like it. It`s too confusing, too scifi-ish,  too many twists and turns.So, my opinion: unless you absolutely have to read it (like for a school report or something), skip this book."
"The Giver is a really bad book to read because when I was reading it I did not understand what the book was trying to tell me. If you're a student, I suggest not to read this book. There are many other great books you could choose that would be much more interesting. I just felt this particular book didn't keep my interest and you shouldn't waste your time with."
"Hello ladys and gentleman,we are here to say to that the book is very boring for us.... We have read the first two chapters, and we don't understand the whole story...We don't like the story... it's boring. But if you like it it's ok... we see..."
my class  had to read this book for school. it was a very. . . interesting book filled with death. i would not recomend this book. nobody in my class liked it. it is an unnerving book. it was slow and boring in my opinion.
"I've read this book, and I didn't get one thing out of it. It is such a  ridiculous idea that a world and its inhabitants do not have any feelings  or memories. What a croc."
IT IS ABOUT A KID NAMED JONAS AND AN OLD GUY WHO GIVES JONAS BAD MEMORIES.  THE ENDING IS SO WEIRD. THE BOOK MAKES YOU THINK TOO HARD.  IT IS BAD.
I read the book and it did not meet my expectations its called sci fi yet its about some kid named Jonas in a stupid utopia. I do not recommend The book
"Not my kind of book! Without love, understanding, consideration. Its just like ur being told how to act & feel."
I did not like the premises of that type of society.I found the ending left much to be desired.
"Just because a book has a sad ending does not make it a good book. The plotting was thin, the characterization was uneven, the characters themselves were described as smart but acted like idiots, the writing was juvenile. I had to go look and see if a teenager wrote this - no, it's an experienced writer. She's got no excuse. The book is a hack, in the original sense of the word. It takes pieces of other stories, hacks them to pieces, and reassembles them - badly.The first part starts out decently written - if you haven't watched TV or read any science fiction for the past 50 years you won't see what's coming, but if you have you'll smirk at the rather transparent ""hidden"" aspects of the society. The trouble is when these things are revealed it's supposed to be shocking, and it's not. I can only assume the award committee would never lower themselves to consume popular lowbrow media because everything in this book has been done, over and over, ad infinitum, since the 60's. Soylent Green, Star Trek, Twilight Zone, Asimov, etc - all did it first and honestly, did it far better.Haven't been this disappointed in a book in ages. This is what kids are expected to read in school across the country? This is supposed to make them think? Why is this particular book so popular with the adults who educate kids?It's getting made into a movie - and for once I can see this fact improving a book. This was *made* for the movies; what seems terribly shallow on the page might seem deep and meaningful on screen. Although I can only hope they dispense with the ""Blue Eyes Soooo Special!"" bit, because that bit just makes me sick."
"It showed the, definetly, unrealistic life of a boy in a weird world that was confusing."
"...I'm the most bookish member of my family, and the only professional writer (pharmacology, medicine, government regulatory horrors) in the house.  As such, I've often been called upon to handle the kids' -- and now the grandkids' -- difficulties with school work.  My eldest granddaughter had been tasked with a summer reading assignment centered upon Lois Lowry's novel *The Giver* (1993), and she brought it to me because she was directed to read it with an adult.  Her mother and both her grandmothers decided that I'm the adult.  Oh, well.To skip forward a bit, as the granddaughter is now obliged to deal with the wad of photocopied work requirements associated with this book, I've been digging through the Internet to find background on this novel, and some sort of insight into the teacherly impulses so obviously behind the pre-packaged study assignments dumped on the poor kid in June.  In the process, I've discovered (to no surprise whatsoever) that there's a massive presence for this horrible thing among the ex-Education majors.Understand, please, that I'm a science fiction fan.  I'm thoroughly steeped in the genre.  I also get my living through research and analysis.  Spotting logical inconsistencies, intellectual sloppiness, and lapses in reasoning is the habit of a lifetime.  I also used to read a lot of children's and young adult literature when my children were of an age to plough through such stuff, and I found much of it well-enough written to be pretty admirable.When I began reading *The Giver* with my granddaughter (who's a bit dyslexic, and needs plenty of help to translate text-on-page into thoughts-in-mind), I kept turning from the contents to the cover, unable to believe that this thing had actually won a Newberry Award.  This book was supposed to be on a par with *Maniac Magee*? Or *A Wrinkle in Time*? Or even a second-place finisher like *My Side of the Mountain*?  Then I checked out the Newberry Awards list, and took note of more than a decade of Major Suckage in kids' literature (to which, I confess, I've paid not a whole lot of attention in the years between my own kids' growing-up and the rise to reading of my grandchildren).""Ah,"" I realized. ""John Taylor Gatto's *Dumbing Us Down* - with a vengeance.  Of course.""*The Giver* falls into a speculative fiction genre commonly known as ""the dystopia novel,"" which includes Ayn Rand's *Anthem* (1938) as one of the earlier examples.  To the limitedly literate, Orwell's *1984* is perhaps the best example of this sort of ""if this goes on"" procedural, drawing horrible future visions from what are supposed to be lucidly reasoned extrapolations of societal ghodawfulness either proposed or actually in train at the time of writing.  There are many more examples, one of them being *An Enemy of the State* by fellow physician F. Paul Wilson, written during the galloping inflation of Jimmy Carter's idiotic presidency.As a dystopia novel, *The Giver* is an example of Extreme Major Suckage.  It is fundamentally dishonest as speculative fiction, and Ms. Lowry is wonderfully fortunate in that the majority of children today - the victims of ""dumbed-down"" government schools - are not customarily exposed to books like Alexander Key's *The Forgotten Door* or the juvenile novels written by Robert Heinlein during his contract with Scribners' in the '50s.(At this point I recommend that the people praising *The Giver* read Heinlein's *Between Planets* [1951] or his *Citizen of the Galaxy* [1957].  Compare Don Harvey of the former book - or Thorby Baslim of the latter - to Jonas of *The Giver*, character developed against character, situation contrasted against situation, context versus context, and consider that not only were Heinlein's books written for kids of the same age as my 12-year-old granddaughter but they hit print about 40 years *before* Ms. Lowry published *The Giver*.)The plenum - the ""world"" - of *The Giver* is logistically untenable.  That's a fancy way of saying that it's too damned fragile to survive for any appreciable time as Lowry has described it.  Societal systems of such cloying control, if they were liable to a breach such as that effected by Jonas in the story, would have been ripped to shreds long before the events of this novel.This is an important defect, inasmuch as speculative fiction of both types - science fiction and fantasy - relies heavily upon sustaining the reader's willing suspension of disbelief.  Even with the factitious mental retardation inculcated by government schooling, I don't see much chance that a reasonably rational child of ten or twelve years' age could ever manage to get past the ""Sameness"" bilge (*Induced* absolute color blindness? Gimme a break!) much less the total suppression of human ingenuity and initiative needed to preserve the sociocultural stasis depicted in this novel.To put this in context, consider that the average episode of *Spongebob Squarepants* provides a deeper insight into human nature than does *The Giver*.  Besides that, the Square One lives in a fantasy plenum - Bikini Bottom and all the silliness therein - that's actually better thought-out and more tightly integrated than the community depicted in Ms. Lowry's novel.I understand why the ex-Education majors (the public school teachers) like *The Giver*.  After all, it's been ""machined"" to death with all sorts of off-the-shelf study points and similar pap to be regurgitated by the luckless student (which means that the teachers can stick it to their victims with about as much thought and effort as an oyster expends in getting his lunch), and it's not exactly an intellectual challenge.  Education majors, after all, are without doubt the dumbest damned people graduating from college (see cumulative US military Stanford-Binet scores on officer candidates according to undergraduate major subject area; the three lowest-scoring categories every year are education, home economics, and physical education).Beyond that, though, public school teachers are the most thoroughly ""velvet fascist"" folks in the country.  Think of them as Mussolini's blackshirts with an ostensibly kinder, gentler face - and a better public relations apparatus.  These clowns secretly *admire* the ""Sameness"" in Ms. Lowry's book, and love to drown the kiddies in noise about how wonderful Jonas' community would be if only the governing thugs weren't as much inclined to have people ""released"" as is the average Texas politician.Yeah, right...."
This book is required reading for seventh graders. I don't think it should be. One child told me she thought it was perverted and I have to agree. There are other books more suitable to the educational needs of our children. Yes I did read the whole thing and it wasn't that easy to finish.
"The ONLY reason I went ahead and read, THE GIVER, by Lois Lowry is because it was chosen for one of the book clubs I attend.  Like many reviewers I've read Orwellian books; and more importantly, books which included a wide range of ideology of social, political, and religious philosophy written by famed scholars [Socrates, Aristotle, Plato, John Locke, Nietzche, Karl Marx etc.,].  For this reason, it escapes me why anyone with a minimal education that included a few courses in classic philosophy/literature would bother with this book.From the first pages, I became IMMEDIATELY impatient with the book's premise and storyline.  I found it irritating, impertinent, and ultimately irrelevant.  Worse, despite claims to the book's creative 'originality' I found this to be an overstatement.Why was I frustrated, annoyed, and unnerved by Lowry's, THE GIVER???  Probably because the notion of a perfect society - by it's very definition is flawed, and thus futile.Conversely, I absolutely do give credit to Lowry for her efforts [and courage] to tackle an 'absolute' theory such as perfection and/or utopianism into a story which attempts to expounds  'ideal' concepts such as societal equality, justice, and absence of suffering.  This is a high goal for any writer.  Yet, for me this seemed rather presumptive -and a somewhat naive and unnerving premise.  For example, from the onset, the dialogue which Jonas has with his family group when they gather at the table to express their 'feelings' about events of their day, I knew immediately the futility of the task facing Jonas when he expressed his fears about becoming a 'twelve' - not yet aware that he would assume the role as 'The Giver'.  Consequently, for me, it was a 'no-brainer' that Lowry's ending fell off the cliff.  How could she possibly postulate [literally or figuratively] a credible scenario wherein Jonas' society could thrived harmoniously and in unison within 'utopian perfection'. [Oxymoron.]Finally, ideologically, I simply did not like the book primarily because implicit in the concept [definition] of utopianism is the ideal of a 'perfect' society or world order.  To this end, Lowry's fails clumsily in her attempt to construct a storyline which ULTIMATELY brings forth a social-cultural utopia where all the various factors come together in 'perfect' unity and harmony to contrast with a society absent of order and in chaos.Post Script 8/19/12: Because of all the positive reviews, I researched the author and learned that Lowry is the author of children's books, and that 'The Giver' was intended for younger readers.  For this reason, I better understand Lowry's intent.  However, I think 'Lord of The Flies', and 'Animal Farm' were better.Maizie Lucille JamesJuly 19, 2012"
"This book is for children, not for teens or adults. It starts promising but there is just no ending. It goes nowhere. And therefore it was not worth reading."
I recently read The Giver in class.  I personally didn't enjoy it.  I thought Lous Lowery didn't do a good job of sticking to her story line.  In some parts of the book she would say one thing the community did then the next chapter she would say something tatally opposite making the book not flow and make sense.  Ialso thought the ending was to sudden and didn't answer any questions i had.
"Her style of writing sounds childish and unformed, like a child whining when it feels bad. I thought this book would be similar in thought to 1984, or The Stranger, or maybe some of Herman Hesse's work, but it is not. This book is shameful mockery of literature."
"I loved this book, until the last page. It was black and unreadable. How horrible is it to get a book you love and not know how it ends?"
"The begining was cool and creative, but once Jonas becomes the reciever the book is too slow repetive. And oh yeah, the ending was horrible. Also it is to easy to guess what ""release"" is."
The whole book was great. It seemed to me that there would be a part two but the ending made no sense. Even the author herself said that you can interpret the ending in two ways. But both meanings to the ending sucked!Pretty much the author ruined a good thing in the end. Dumb broad
"I read this because my granddaughter was required to read it as a 5th grader. I was horrified. The minds of our children do not benefit by reading such propaganda. It was depressing and disturbing, to say the least. Some of the images linger in my mind and when I think of the way the Federal Government is pushing Common Core down our throats against our will, I am sickened."
This book was not very exciting. I think that it could have a lot more suspensful And it needs a little suprise.And that they should not kill peop[le in this story to me it was very boring.
"Read at my wife's suggestion knowing that I am a fan of dystopia novels. Cleary an indictment of socialist societies where individualism is anathema and the state is the culture (as opposed to fascistic societies where the culture becomes the state).  I do not fault the author for using the literary device of exaggeration to make her point, nor do I fault her for logical errors in her effort to create art, but what I found disturbing is the sub-textual moral of the story: that perhaps this present world we live in, rife w/ war, disease, poverty and injustice, is the best of all possible worlds, and that any attempt to engineer or manufacture a better, fairer or more just society, free of war, poverty and injustice, is at it's best, vain, and at it's worst, evil.  In this regard the novel ceases to be a cautionary tale and instead stands as yet another literary validation of the virtues of the bourgeois existence. I suspect that in years to come, the same morons who seek to ban this book from classrooms on specious pretense will come to hale it as a literary masterpiece exemplifying the necessity of unfettered, free market capitalism, the superiority of the ""traditional"" family unit, the supremacy of individualism and the unqualified sanctity of all human life (without regard for the deaths of the innocents which daily occur in the perpetuation of that myth).  I predict that Ms. Lowry will one day become the Ayn Rand of a new generation.  My sympathies are extended in advance."
"Most brilliant book ever written! Gets you thinking about life... very deep, totally cool, and a great ending! I would recommend this book for any age."
The book look like someone threw it in a dumpster and went to the dump to get it back. But I'm not sending it back cause I need the book for school
"This is a creepy, dystopian novel about a society that appears to be perfect but really isn't. How many of these have been written? I got a weird feeling when they talked about the pilot being released for an error- Wow. I could almost see the creepy smiles. MWAAAHAAHAA... I had to read this for English, and I have hated my teacher since for making me read this. This book just bored me to death, reading it was like pulling eyeteeth. Especially with all the memories. After a point, I didn't even care!! (I wonder, did I ever care? Probably not.) Their perfection also bored me. How monotonous. This was also really creepy, because they were going to kill an innocent baby just because he couldn't sleep!! The sled was also confusing... What the heck is so important about a sled? In short, a creepy book about a futuristic society that bored me to death. Please do not read for the sake of your sanity."
"Lowry examines the idea that people might freely choose to give up their humanity in order to create a more stable society. Gradually the 12 year old boy,Jonas learns just how costly this ordered and pain-free society can be, and boldly decides he cannot pay the price.Parents should be cautioned it has detailed murder of an infant and any sane minded parent should not let their children read such a disturbing story I as an adult was shaken by the contents of this book and makes me wonder how Newbery awards are granted ?????"
"I liked it better the first time I read it, when it was called Anthem (by Ayn Rand)."
"This book to me was frusterating.  i didn`t like how the people were called males and females.  I thought that the book had a GREAT concept and plot but something about the book was just frusterating.  I recommend this book just for the experience of reading it, but I warn you that it is very different.  l guess that l just had higher expectations than it could fulfill."
"Well I read this book when I was in 5th grade, exited that it would be a good book from reforences my mom had.I absolutly hate it!!! it is confusing, sad,and for me was an unnessisary read.  I loved the authers writing stile and I liked number the stars I just don't think it a good book and would HATE to have to read it again!  I would not recomend it for any one under 7th grade thinking about it that would have been abetter time for me to have read something as nerv-rakking as that,when I was reading the book my Mom picked it up to read a few pages and stumbled upon the very sad part where they kill imperfect babys"
"MY LIL 9yrs old got this assigned,.... OHH myyy!!!!!!! She had nightmares for days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I really disliked the book and tought. To be not the right. Choice to be tought in school. I was so scared of the escene where describes the killing of the baby by inyection. Scary"
Terrible book don't waste your money on unless you have to or you accidentally buy it but If I were you I wouldn't waste my time or money on this book
"This book is horrible. I had to read it for an English project, and endured excrustiating pain while reading it. It doesnt have a point. The end doesnothing for the community, and just complicates the meaning of this book. Did it actaully have a point?"
"The Giver was a very a weird twisted book. I do not approve of this book because it had way to many details that it got boring and it needed a better ending. I have to admit, that at the end there was a lot of suspence. I wouldn't  recommend this book to anyone because it made me think. I like books that tell you what is happening, not  books that make you figure that out."
"i dont think I've ever read a book this bad. it is very disturbing. i mean, who thinks of killing babies as a normal thing in any situation ?! not to be a prude but the whole bathing thing is just gross . it's also the worst ending I've ever read. this book is sooooo boring! i had to read it for school and i almost fell asleep reading it and i never do that. don't read this book. don't look at it. don't think about it. you would seriously regret it. i would give it negative stars if i could.XOXO HR Cali"
"This book is awful.  The author, Lois Lowry, is gifted, and what others have written about her writing is true - she is good at conveying degrees of pain and pleasure, astounding at introducing a concept as if the reader has never come across it before (color, music, etc.).  The problem is Lowry's agenda, maybe only one an adult could see.  The deep dark secret of Jonas' community is euthanasia - unwanted or unfeasible babies and the extremely aged and fragile are injected with death-inducing drugs.  This seems to be a veiled attempt to poison the impressionable reader against abortion and the right-to-die, by playing on his/her emotions - Jonas is so stunned by what he sees his ""father"" do to  a baby that he refuses to go home, and runs away from the community.  (...)"
"I guess I didn't realize that this was written for someone's whose brain has not gone past 12.The best children's or young adult books don't every write *for* that crowd... this one tries hard to dumb down ideas, words, vocabulary--the whole thing.Wish I could get my money back."
I read this book to a boy named Hckmoud that cant read and has no clothes no food no shelter or anything he enjoyed the book and so did I.
this book is full of crap i love dragon slippers sp people u need to red tht  butt is awesomehole so is crp nd this book sti ks
The messages in this book promote socialistic ideas.  Suggesting that imperfect young and the imperfect old can be removed from a culture is a scary idea.  The thought of a sinful society ever being able to realize a non hostile environment where all people get along is misleading.  The thought that a birth mother is an improved model over the traditional family is another lie.  The whole book will leave most kids confused about the real world we live in.
i didnt like it at all. the story is strange and the ending was weak. i would not reccomend it!!!!
The book is very good to sommeone that cares to read books. But I am not a big reader so I didn't understand it. I bet it would have been a good book if I had had time to realy sit down and read it but I nerver had time to do that so it wasn't able to get to understand...
"The Giver is a very appropriate book for the study of folklore because it shows a fictional way people live their lives. The community is an excellent example on how fictional this story really is. If the reader reads this story they might think this could be a real community somewhere on earth.  The book does not have families that live in houses. They have family units that live in dwellings. To me dwellings are considered where animals live. Another thing that is fictional is people asking for release. This day and age you can't just say I want to apply for release because I am too old or I can't handle this job. Also, you can't just kill a twin baby because it is smaller and it might produce problems with the family. In this day and age you have to deal with things as they come to you. The community that Lois Lowry created for the reader is very fascinating and creative. She has an excellent imagination. There were a couple of questions I kept asking myself as I was reading the story. Who would want to become a birthmother and give the baby away after she was producing her own children? Why would they have ceremonies for kids becoming a 1, 2, 3, 4, etc. and not a regular birthday? Why would you want a child that has already been named for you? Wouldn't the family units want to name it themselves? Maybe the community has it's reasons for these types of crazy laws they have but if they knew the way the world worked today I am almost sure they would want to live their life a whole different way."
"This book is horrible. I read it in reading class at school. It is not thrilling, to me it is boring, and the plot is just plain shot. It is about a boy named Jonas who was picked at the age of twelve to be the new Giver. Come on now, who's society picks your job at the tender age of twelve? Don't waste your money on this book, but if you're curious about it because of my review, I advise that you check this piece of crap out from the library."
"The title of this book is The Giver by Lois Lowry. I think that this book was written for younger kids because I'm 15 years old and I did not like it at all.This book is about a kid that lives in some society that is made up. The kid is waiting to turn 12 for this special meeting, to go see the giver. So he sees the giver and runs away.I do not read many books unless I am forced to read them for school. And this book is different then the other 2 books I remember reading because, it is a whole different type of book.I did not like this book at all. I would not recommend this book to anyone even if it is there grade level because it puts false thoughts in people's heads. This is what I think and nothing is going to change that."
"I gave this book a one because some of the ideals in the book are different from my personal beliefs, for instance when the newborn twins were weighed and one was killed because weight was less."
I think that this book is SO boring! If you get past the first chapter and like it you are just plain ODD!
"THIS BOOK IS CERTAINLY NOT WHAT ANY CHILD SHOULD BE READING! I WAS SHOCKED TO SEE SOME OF THE THINGS WRITTEN IN A KIDS BOOK. I HAVE COMPLAINED TO MY CHILD'S SCHOOL ABOUT THIS AND I PRAY THAT PARENTS WILL LOOK AT THIS BEFORE THEY LET THEIR CHILD READ IT! CHILDREN DO NOT NEED TO READ IN DETAIL HOW JONAS' FATHER KILLED A BABY. THIS IS NOT ENTERTAINING! WE WORRY SO MUCH ABOUT VIOLENCE AND TRASH AND THEN WE GIVE THIS BOOK TO OUR KIDS TO READ FOR A GRADE! IF YOU THINK THIS BOOK IS GOOD, I FEEL SORRY FOR YOU. MAYBE YOU SHOULD EXAMINE YOURSELF. HOW COULD THIS HAVE WON AN NEWBERY AWARD!  PLEASE, IF THERE ARE CHILDREN'S AUTHORS READING THIS, P L E A S E! WRITE SOME HAPPY AND ENCOURAGING STORIES FOR OUR KIDS TO READ AND ENJOY!"
"""The Giver"" is as troubling as Jackson's short story, ""The Lottery."" I do not recommend this book for minors of any age: In one scene, the protagonist, as well as other 12-year olds, bathe adults in order to springboard the main character's budding awareness of sexuality and to introduce how the community controls its birth rate. This topic is absolutely inappropriate. Secondly, the author is very proud of her nonconclusive ending. It leaves a bad taste in the mouth and leaves the reader unsatisfied for the time and effort expended to read the book."
"BAD.  I hate this book, im currently being made to read it along with my other classmates in Reading clas.  I do not like it, and i dont understand how you other people can.  But hey, each to his own.  The only way i would reccomend this to someone is if you paid me a million dollars, and even then i would take the money, then write the reccomendation on a sticky note, and put it on the fridge.  Only read this if you dont have ANYTHING ELSE TO DO.*You know you love me*PS- Sorry if some of you feel like  I bashed a favorite book of yours.  But hey......... i have a right to free speech."
"I couldn't finish this book, but I got far enough through it to know that I didn't like it. It is sort of a gated community slash perfect world type setting, where nothing really interesting ever happens. Duh!!!Trevor"
My step daughter had to read this book for school.  How sad that we give medals to books that have no message other than that of a liberal perfect world. I found this book very depressing and not edifiying in any way.  My wife and I read the book and can't believe that there isnt't a more positive book that the schools can promote.  How sad.
"that is recommended for students to read! It is ghastly! It starts out by sucking you into a mystery that you just can't figure out what is going on but with the ending you are left with a ""WHAT?"". My children were shocked to find out one of the main characters is a baby killer. What makes this book great? The others comment about the similiarities to the movie The Village but at least that movie has some good to it and has a message that doesn't leave you hanging!"
This book was the most bull s*** ever. I had to read it in school and it sucked. The ending was crap. This book was not swag. Yolo
I read this book for a school prodject and i hated it it was okay at parts but most of the time it was long boring and draged on about things that had nothing to do with the plot at all. this book is very slow I would not recomend it
"THIS BOOK SUCKS!!! HOW DID IT WIN A NEWBERRY?!?! IT HAS A CRAP ALL ENDING, AND A CRAP ALL MIDDLE, AND A CRAP ALL BEGINNING!!!! THIS BOOK SHOULD BE BURNT IN MASS QUANTITIES!!!!This book makes me a sad panda."
"1,000 Monkeys + 10 Typewriters + infinte time = The works of Shakespeare 10 Monkeys + 5 Typewriters + 30 minutes = The Giver Possibly the worst book I have ever read. Its only purpose is to take up your time. If I want to read fiction I'll read C.S Lewis or J.R.R Tolkien. I wasted a whole day on this book! And, if the author is trying to teach me something, I sure didn't pick it up. In the process of reading this book another thought came to me. If the author really put thought into this book, where there is everything from baby killing to a person burning up, then perhaps she needs a bit of R&R. The Giver reminds me of what I think of after a real bad day. I hope you can see what I mean."
"The Giver wasn't really my type of book. It was good in a lot of parts like the dream he had about Fiona. I am a violent kind of person and I think this book could have used a bit more violence, but over all I rate this a one. Sometimes I wonder what the ending meant."
"I was very upset, as I did want to read this book.  I received a cover page and then all of the rest of the pages were blank.  I returned it and bought it again, and the same thing.  Very disappointing."
"When Jonas at age 12 receives the assignment of 'Receiver of memories' he learns more about his society of sameness than he cares to.  As a Teacher I found this book troubling that schools would sanction the reading of 'The Giver' for anything less than 8th grade.  The book talks about 'releasing' people and if you have the misfortune of reading it, as you can guess, it equates to euthanasia.  I read it before my son's 6th grade class completed the book due to a newspaper article I had read 3 years ago.My son has had nightmares ever since.  He does not understand why someone would write a book like this.  Although there are some redeeming qualities about 'sameness' this is a book I would not recommend in any capacity."
"i want to say that the real jonas,is in real an ALBANIAN!!!!The albanian has git the idia but they havent a pen to write...just that u know."
"I began the book feeling at ease. The context was similiar to the movie Pleasantville and many events were predictable. I thought this was an appropriate book for middle school students. I felt this was an enjoyable book, until I read about the Release. I was appalled to hear that people were murdered because they did not fit into the ""perfect"" society. This book is directed towards middle school children and I feel the ending passages are not appropriate for younger children to be reading."
"If you haven't read it yet, you must. You just must. It's such an interesting idea for a book, one that is bound to interest all ages. I think I've read it 5 times. Oh, the sequels.. they aren't as great. But enjoy this one!"
"We thought The Giver was a poorly written book. Out of five stars we give it one star.  This book is about a boy named Jonas who lived in a perfect community where it's colorless and it has climate control. In the community when you turn 12 you get assigned a job. Jonas got assigned the job of receiver of memory. The receiver of memory holds all of the community's memories.  Jonas goes on an adventure with a baby in his family unit(the baby's name is Gabriel).  We thought The Giver was a bad book because it had a lot of complicated things that the author could have explained better. We didn't like the plot. It built up too slowly and ended too quickly.The book had too much stuff that didn't sound realistic. For example, they had to share dreams at breakfeast.We felt you didn't get a lot of feeling for the characters.  In conclusion we thought it was a poorly written book."
The Giver is a wonderful book to get children to think about the world in which we live and how it compares to the world in which Jonas lives.
"With all the great literature that is available for middle schoolers, it is mind boggling that The Giver, a mediocre yet sensationalist book, keeps getting assigned for fifth graders. Suppression of puberty, commercialized breeding and other features of the story are, I hope, beyond the realm of understanding for 10 year olds. There are plenty of great dystopian novels out there to read for older students, but this is certainly not one of them. To all you teachers who are simply following the pack on this front, look into some other options and teach Orwell, Swift and the like when students are ready."
The Giver was a ok book. But there was some funny part in the book. but i like it a little bit of this book. And kids you should read this book.Taylor C
The plot for the book The Giver is very confusing. Their world in this book is all perfect and there is no crime or anything unusual. The beginning you really don't know what is going on because it kind of starts right in the middle of something. There world is totally black and white. The main character Jonas starts out as any normal boy would until the age of 12 when he gets the special job as the Receiver. This person receives all the memories from the people in the past. All the people in this book do not suffer any pain except the receiver. Everybody has the same exact feeling as everybody else and don't get to think for themselves.  The second reason is that the plot in this book is not a very interesting topic. This book doesn't grab your attention at all. It is all perfect so there is really no adventure in this book. There also isn't any action in it which makes this book even more boring. This book's plot isn't very thought out in my opinion because it is not very interesting and it is all perfect which makes the reader think the author didn't put much time into thinking the plot through by having the book all perfect. There is what I think about the plot of the book The Giver.  So now that you know that this is a very bad book! I want to make sure that you don't waste  your well earned money. Thanks for reading about what I have to say about the plot of this book.
The book and the great detail was amazing but sometimes the book itself was a little confusing but all and all I gave it a four stars just because.
One of my favorite parts is when they go elsewhere. It is a good book but it gets a little boring. I wish she would have had a longer ending.
"You can compare this book with an (interesting) school lesson, it is interesting and you learn that our world is better than their community."
If you aren't interested in getting bored then don't read this book with a CD. I am ready this in my 8th grade class and yesterday we read with the CD and I got really bored. But all in all this book is a really good book for a silent read. So I definitely suggest this book who likes to read.
Thank you
Good read
i have never read this book befor. but my friend has. and my teacher. ita an ar book. but i read number the stars. good book. lois lowry wrote numer the stars also.she is such a good writer. but i would most likely ask people to read lois lowery books.please rea her books.
"My Favorite Book. It is amazing. People who think the Holocaust never happened or that Anne Frank's Diary is Fake should read this!  Nicole Burns is thrown into the Holocaust, Now she is Jewish and Nicole Bernhardt. As the Holocaust rules her life, family and friends the love in her heart keeps her in good spirits. When even that turns for the worst she keeps trying to go on and help her sick little sister. As she goes on she comes face to face with Anne Frank. Suddenly she's thrown out of the past and into the present. Where she realizes the Holocaust changed everything. She finds so much about herself and about a girl who became a famous writer and broke a million hearts, the one and only Anne Frank. I recomend this for 11 and up. As a rating of 1-5 I'd give it a 7."
Perfect!
"I had to read this book as part of a Young Adult literature class, and the attend a lecture by Lois Lowery.  I can honestly say, that I wasn't that thrilled with the book.  I felt like I'd read it before.  I hadn't, but I read a book that had similar ideas that was written in 1938 by Ayn Rand entitled Anthem.  Anthem takes place in the future, in a world where individuals have no name, no independence, and no values.  All decisions are made by committees and individualism doesn't exist.  Giver is essentially about a society that has eliminated pain and strife by converting to ""Sameness,"" a plan that has also eradicated emotional depth from their lives."
"This book is very well written, and another wonderful read from Louis Lowry, but in a so-called perfect community, why have babies dye?  Also, this book end with two people ready to die?  You end reaing it with a heavy heart."
This is a super good and interesting book.I am definitely going to read the rest of the series.I just wish I knew what happened to the giver.To bad the author doesn't continue the story of Jonas and Gabriel.
I think  this book is a intertaning book for others who are intrested in a great book.The Giver makes you think about things you haven't tought in your life. I recomend this book to people because it's a very good book.
"Now Lois Lowry did a great job in writing this book, but it gets a little confusing sometimes. You kind of have to bear down and really think about what she is saying.Overall it was a really good read with some great twists and turns. Imaginative storyline and a painfully familiar way of life to some people. Im not really sure i can relate though. I wouldnt recomend this book to any body under the age of 13 but otherwise anyone would be ok reading it.-Tg"
"When my 7th grader was reading the Giver and said the book was very strange, I picked it up myself to read. It is a strangebook that is very sad, dark and about a society of people that does not experience life as it really is, but experiences life in a controlled way. There is no pain, love or self expression. The old are sent to the house of old to live until death, never to embrace grandchildren. The weakest in the community are ""released"" which means they are murdered. The scene in the book where the youngest twin (twins aren't allowed)is injected with a lethal injection,goes thru spasms, then goes limp and dies is ultra sad for anyone to read, let alone a young reader. The law doesn't apply to this community. What exactly is the books value to our children and what lessons are they learning?"
The Giver is a funny and serious book it was written by Louis Lowery and I would give it two thmbs up! This book is based in a place with no color! In this book find a boy named Jonas. Jonas is a boy that will under go terriable hardships and pain that will change him forever. One of the most memoable moments is when Jonas gets a memory he is slideing down a icey hill and he can't control his sled. If you like Science Fiction books check this one out.
This book is teribal!!!!!  I read it because I had to not because I wanted to.  I would not have chosen this to read eventhough I am always reading.  I do not recomend this book.  A lot of my friends hate it too.  We were  talking about utopia ( a perfect place)  Our teacher thought that the place  in this book was an exaple of a utopia.  I dissagree.  They kill people  with shots if there are too many or if they are too old.  They can't see  color.  It is stupid.  When I first started reading this book it seemed  boring.  After a few chapters it was pretty good for a little while.  Then  it kept getting worse and worse.  The ending seemed like the author got  tired of writing so she just wrote any thing.  I can't belive this book  has been published.  I think the people that gave this book the award  picked a random.  It does not deserve it.  I think the people who like this  book are crazy.This book could be improved.  The subject is ok.  If a  lot more detail was added and color then it would be better.  The book  seams only half done.  The ending should be changed.I do not recomend  this book to anyone.  The ending is just Jonas standing on a hill.DON'T READ IT!!!!!!!!!!!!
"This book was so dissapionting. The worst book that i have ever read. I wouldn't reccomend it to anyone. It is so weird and none of it really is exciting. The kids in the town are assigned to their parents and there job how dumb if you ask me. None of the people could seee color, i mean come on people that is ridiculous. Little babies get killed by people who's jobs are to inject them with a needle so that they can die, how harsh is that. The people in the book can't taste or do anything , it is soo weird. PLEASE DONT READ THIS . I HATE THIS BOOK FOR THE 100TH TIME. It never says what they do in the end it is completely dumb.ZAMBONI"
"A reader from Seaford:  The Giver is a book that makes you appreciate the little things that you have in life.  If you like a lot of cliff hangers, and think Lois Lowry is a great author the The Giver is a book for you.  Lois Lowry described this book in good detail, but the end was a little disappointing.  In my opinion Lois Lowry has written fantastic books, and each book always has a meaning.  The Giver was an okay book."
"I have enjoyed previous books by this author, but this is one I did not like.  Rarely do I dislike a book, but this is at the top of my absolutely did not like list. I will say that it is powerful and thought-provoking reading,  but I felt my soul, my being, was being ripped apart, and all that I have believed and hoped in was being questioned"
"I must say this book is creative and its not like any book I've ever read. New and fresh, but it didn't interest me much. At the beinging I found it weird and had a stupid story line. At no point in the book was I excited to know what happened next, and it was definitely not a page turner, it didn't interest me."
"For us, the book ""the giver"" is written very well because the characters are well defined. But the story is boring from the beginning till the end! We would never read it again!!"
"Really most people would like this book, but personally I think the author didn't go into enough detail on how the society *It was a completely socialistic society* was created, how they made it so people couldn't see  color, and other such things. It was creative, but not in very much detail,  and I would recommend this to most people, but not to the one's like me who  like to see how (In the writer's opinion) these things would be done."
the book isnt for kids under 16...it have many sexualle things.i read it twise and i....and i.....i was shocked.so beware kids!!!!!peace....tupac lives
"BrendanNew Hampshire The Giver is about a so-called community of people that are all nearly equal. They can't see colors, or even hear music (lame). They're assigned jobs and there are a set amount of babies born each year. The only names the babies can get are the ones of the recently realeased (killed) old people. It's basically the suckiest place you could be in, only the people don't realize it because they're nearly rertarded. This is supposed to be a story about how we need to keep things like love, family, and equality intact. I'm all for it, but i don't need 180 pages of crap to teach me a useless lesson. The author, Lois Lowry, must be the stupidest person in the world. With a line like ""'Gay!' He shouted. 'Gay!'"" She doesn't come accross as very intelligent. Maybe it would be ok if it was funny, but it's just moronic. I'd rather read a book of fart jokes than this crap. When I heard that this book was part of a trilogy, I nearly commit suicide. That means that at least a couple hundred people have gone through 3 times the pain that I have. I'm willing to bet that Lois Lowry feels special for winning the Newberry Medal for this crap. As if that medal were an accomplishment. After seeing that medal on this book, I'd be ashamed to have it on a piece of my writing. There are so many homosexual references in this book. First of all, the Giver constantly makes Jonas, the main character, take off his shirt. Second of all, the baby Gabriel makes his appearnace by shouting ""Gay!"" Thirdly, everyone has to take a pill to stop them from thinking about the opposite sex. Wow. I wonder what this says about Lois Lowry. The ending was stupid. Stupider than anything you've ever seen on VH1. And everyone knows VH1 is awful. Awful like this book. I recommend that if you see this book in a library, you burn the place down. I think the local police might even be grateful to you for it. Nobody likes libraries anyway. If you hate this book as much as I do, round up as many copies as you can, and come see me. We'll have a bonfire."
"Can you imagine living in a town where everything is always the same? Thats how it is for Jonas, because in his town its nothing but just that. When Jonas turns twelve everything is a disaster... at least now that he is the receiver! Before he was the reciver everything was fine; there were no problems.The community was a utopia(perfect world). Now he is chosen to be the recevier then he finds out everything from what objects are colors are to the different types of weather. This story is a weird one. I personally dont care for it. This story is suggested to geeks or people who like confusing stories with twisted ending. So read for yourself and you'll find out."
"I read this book in my 8th grade English class and I was thoroughly disgusted. I had recently read 1984 the summer before and found the elements of Lowry's community more than curiously similar to Orwell's. It seems to me as if Lowry watered down Oceania into a book suitable for children, forfeiting the intensity and powerful writing in the process. If you're going to teach children about what it is to live devoid of joy or pain, use a good book for once. I did like ""Number the Stars"" by Lowry and was dissappointed that she would stoop to this level of imitation."
"1994 Newberry medal for ""best children's book.""  A tale about a hypothetical controlled community.  The Government determines how many children per family. In the House of Old, leaders decide when a person is to be released (put to death). At the Ceremony of Release there is a toast, and a good-bye speech is given by the person released. In the birth of twins only one can survive. The smaller twin is ""released"" with a lethal injection. On one occasion, a 12-year-old objects to the practice, but he is mollified by a Giver who points out that her daughter asked to be released 10 years earlier and was given a syringe to inject herself.In one California school system several parents complained about the use of this book and in elementary school. They were told that ""public education may not be the best choice..""This book so poignantly illustrates the liberal socialist agenda to ingrain even into our youngest the propaganda that some life is better off without living.  It is disgusting and I am appalled that our children are forced to read this garbage, and that our society praises such garbage."
"The main character Jonas isn't happy with the form of government in his community, so what do you think he will do, run away?  Well that was hard to figure out.  No suspense or action is to be found in this boring novel."
"So bad it  doesn't deserve a rating, my ap teacher read this to us but he just make us read and read"
"I read this book in about fourth grade, and I absolutely loathed it. I decided to give it another shot, and once again, found it lacking. Definetely not reccomended."
I am a Identical twin. I don't like the book for this reason. I do not like the how they kill a identical twin boy. thank you
I ordered this book on June 27th for my daughter's summer reading.  I received it finaly on July 22m 4 days before her summer was over.  Shipping was not free either.  Why did it take so long?  Who knows?  The shipper does not communicate with you.  Never buying from this shipper again.
