"It is true the story is not particuarly Original, but to qoute the wisdom of solomon The only reason something is believed to be new is because we have forgoten the past. It is extremly well written with lavish description that is not laborious, but enjoyable. The choice of Narrator as Nick carroway is brilliant, as it gives proper perspective. I don't believe the Previous reviewers understand what Fiztgerald was trying to convey. The perspective reminds me Seneca's Thyestes in the it is about are desire to fill the emptiness in our souls. The charecters in the great gatsby are longing for something that will make them happy. Something that will revive the joys of the past. Tom buchuan and Gatsby are both trying to pursue the oldest pursuit of mankind; the Pursuit of Happiness. The Tragedy is that nothing will fill their emptiness even though they think they can."
"Fitzgerald broke literary ground with this novel. His style--clean-chiseled characterizations and sentences that cut to the chase--was unlike the work of his contemporaries.Most novels that influence literature in this way die a short death. They are stylistically innovative, but soon other writers perfect what they pioneered. In The Great Gatsby, Fitzgerald manages the amazing feat of simultaneously innovating and perfecting. In that, the novel is pure genious.The Great Gatsby is the saddest novel I have ever read, because it goes to a deeper level than just tear-jerking. It ends in a place of complete emptiness, despair, and loss. It's a book that will satisfy you emotionally and intellectually, and also a book that will show you how powerful true emotion can be."
"I guess the title of my review says it all.  I gave the book two stars because Fitzgerald's style was brilliant and he could capture the mood and setting, but there was not one character in the book that was likeable or I felt any sympathy for. Even the narrator is shallow. It is bad when the girlfriend who cheats at golf is the closest anyone in the book can come to being a sympathetic character. In places, where the endlessly boring recitation of Gatsby's history with Daisy goes on and on I found myself skimming pages, hoping that something interesting would happen. I think the author was trying to make a statement about the pathetic, useless lives and desperate attempts at finding meaning in their lives, these people suffered, but he succeeded all too well."
"I had to read this book with my English class. It is considered a classic, so I wasn't expecting much from it when we started. I was thinking of long chapters, neverending descriptions of the setting, and bland dialouge.""The Great Gatsby"" is . . . okay. It had me interested in the middle, but took a  while to pick up at the beginning and I personally didn't like the ending.I liked the character of Daisy in the book, but we started watching the movie and now all I can hear is her high-pitched screech with every. single. word. she says.All in all, it was an okay sort of book. I enjoyed it enough that I would tell people that asked me about it that they should read it, but I'm not anxious to read it again.""The Great Gatsby"" gets 2/5 stars."
"I purchased all six of these books from the Canadian Amazon website (amazon.ca) several weeks ago because I couldn't bear to wait any longer for them to show up on the American site.The covers are just gorgeous. The art is metallic and beautiful and the covers have a soft feel to them. The inside flap of the cover is perforated and is designed to be removed and used as a matching bookmark.The cover art for this set of F. Scott Fitzgerald books was designed by Coralie Bickford-Smith - the genius behind the similarly beautiful Penguin cloth-bound classics series. Not only is the literature itself classic, but the books look like a classic collector's item as well! Friends compliment me on them all the time when they see them on my bookcase!"
"My ex fell in love with this book when it was assigned in his English class. He didn't exactly tell me to read it but I got the impression I should. In History class later this year, we went over the Jazz age and I remebered I hadn't read the damn thing yet. I got it from the library.I was expecting bells and whistles, stars, hearts, explosions, so forth from it. This is one of those novels bright eyed twenty somethings mention in gasping tones when people ask them about ""what changed their lives."" But to me, it was not much more then a sad, sparse love story. There's a delicate artistic undertone to it that propels it into the range of ""art."" The ""eyes of Dr. T Eckleton"" (sp)  were a powerful and disturbing image, and Fitzgerald's descriptions of the industrial wastleands of West Egg were horrifying and stark. But I didn't form much of an emotional rapport with the story or the characters. That ""green light over the water"" caught my interest but not my soul.I found it nice but something I did not contemplate for long. It's enjoyable, worth reading, and short enough for even casual intellectuals to whip on through with minimal pain. Fitzgerald  writes descriptions damn well, and I can admire that.I will give it this - the last sentence is superb."
We love to listen to audio books in our car which is reasonably new and fairly quiet on the road. I've read the other reviews and agree with the comments about Tim Robbins. The biggest problem we had was that his volume would trail off at the end of just about every sentence. I was constantly turning the volume up and down so we could hear the words but not get blasted out. Luckily I have a volume control on my steering wheel so I didn't have to reach over to the radio every minuet. The problem could have been fixed by a good sound guy but it seems that the gain was set only on one level.  If you used ear phones our plaid it on your home stereo it would be OK.
"Now, at the age of 15, I am reading this book, The Great Gatsby. I was not forced into reading this novel, but coaxed into reading it by my older sister. After the completion of the book it took a few days of pondering before I could make a clear knowledge of it's contents. I enjoyed reading it, staying up until three or four o' clock in the morning on schoolnights just to find out what happens. I am proud to say that this is one of my top ten favorite books which also includes:THE SCARLET LETTERTHE ILIADBEOWULFGRENDALTHE ODDYSSYTHE ADVENTURES OF HUCK FINNTHE ADVENTURES OF TOM SAWYERMACBETHKING LEAR"
"As with so many ""classics"", this book does not hold up over time. It's not that I don't think we currently live in a society where most believe that wealth and fame will make us feel loved and happy. It's that in this day and age, it doesn't work to end a story without hope. We live in an age of mass consiousness raising. Yes, show us the ""evils"" in the world, but then show us what the alternatives are. Show us the answers. This book, and many that were ground-breaking in their day, tells the story of tormented people and was written by a tormented person, all who's lives ended tragically."
"Fitzgerald's Gatsby is one of the triumphs of American social commentary-as brilliant as it is deep, this poignant insight into the glittering superficialities of the jazz age holds a timeless message about the elusive nature of the American dream. Look beyond obvious plot details and into the intricate web of colors and name symbology to fully appreciate this book. To all the disappointed high schoolers out there, grow up before you read this novel and learn to appreciate this writing for what it is: a nostalgic tribute to a changing society, not an adventure novel for your shallow entertainment."
"There are two Kindle editions of The Great Gatsby, both at the same price.Unfortunately the edition I bought, from Old Landmark Publishing, has a number of minor transcription errors.  The most notable is the occasionalinsertion of multiple paragraphbreaks within a sentence.  There are also occasional misplaced paragraph breaks in dialog paragraphs, which sometimes leads to confusion about which character is speaking.I downloaded the free sample of the Scribner Edition and although that is only a short sample, it appears to be a much better quality transcription.So since there are several Kindle editions available, you might want to avoid the Old Landmark Publishing Edition (the one with the car on the cover) and try the Scribner Edition (the one with the dark blue cover with a face superimposed)."
"Having reread this book for the first time in 20 years, I can confirm that there's a reason that it's considered one of the very best American novels. However, my reaction to the story was different than when I first read it in high school. I recall that back then I was hoping that Daisy and Gatsby's love story would ultimately yield a happy ending. Now, I found them both to be such shallow creatures that they inspired no pity. While I considered the characters to be emotionally stunted, that dooesn't mean I was not impressed with Fitzergerald's skillful rendering. As in most forms of art, in literature it is more difficult to accurately and interestingly portray nothingness than to describe a richly endowed subject. At this more cynical age, I found Daisy to be a remarkable emotional void, and Gatsby's quest to pour all of his hopes and dreams into such a shallow cauldron only confirmed his own vapidity. One thing that hasn't changed in all these years is my amazement at Fitzgerald's ability to set a scene. His descriptive passages are truly poetic, and his command of word choice in unparalleled. All this made for a stimulating and delightful read."
"It's difficult to give any even-handed critique F. Scott Fitzgerald's standard-setting Jazz Age novel since it was required reading for most of us in high school. However, if you come back to it as a full-fledged adult, you'll find that the story still resonates but more like a just-polished cameo piece from a forgotten time. At the core of the book is the elaborate infatuation Jay Gatsby has for Daisy Fay Buchanan, a love story portrayed with both a languid pall and a fatalistic urgency. But the broader context of the setting and the irreconcilable nature of the American dream in the 1920's is what give the novel its true gravitas.Much of this is eloquently articulated by Nick Carraway, Gatsby's modest Long Island neighbor who becomes his most trusted confidante. Nick is responsible for reuniting the lovers who both have come to different points in their lives five years after their aborted romance. Now a solitary figure in his luxurious mansion, Gatsby is a newly wealthy man who accumulated his fortunes through dubious means. Daisy, on the other hand, has always led a life of privilege and could not let love stand in the way of her comfortable existence. She married Tom Buchanan for that sole purpose. With Gatsby's ambition spurred by his love for Daisy, he rekindles his romance with Daisy, as Tom carries on carelessly with an auto mechanic's grasping wife. Nick himself gets caught up in the jet set trappings and has a relationship with Jordan Baker, a young golf pro.These characters are inevitably led on a collision course that exposes the hypocrisy of the rich, the falsity of a love undeserving and the transience of individuals on this earth. The strength of Fitzgerald's treatment comes from the lyrical prose he provides to illuminate these themes. Not a word is wasted, and the author's economical handling of such a potentially complex plot is a technique I wish were more frequently replicated today. Most of all, I simply enjoy the book because it does not portend a greater significance eighty years later. It is a classic tale that provides vibrancy and texture to a bygone era. It is well worth re-reading, especially at such a bargain price."
"Scott Fitzgerald, a monumental talent who only occasionally got things working right, made Gatsby great by the extraordinary invention of Nick Carraway.  Carraway as narrator provided the exact perfect pitch:  more awestruck than he would admit, more moral than it was fashionable to reveal -- always objective and distanced and subtle and charming, genuinely decent and impeccably well mannered, a little dangerously smitten himself by the lovely but corrupt Jordan Baker.Alexander Scourby, one of the greatest reading voices of his era (overlapping Fitzgerald's enough to know and feel it all) here does Carraway in a way that cannot, therefore, again be quite equalled.  Imagine having a recording of a great contemporary actor reading Ahab's speeches in Moby Dick, and one begins to appreciate the gift that we only now have in recorded sound, something we are already quite casual about.  But there is much more here than historical accuracy.  Scourby's voice wraps around every phrase of Fitzgeral's text with both an actor's professionalism and a good reader's care, making it not only uncannily his own monument but also a monument in audio book history.  It sets the bar, and anyone interested in the recorded voice as an art form should own this for repeated learning."
"I listened to this book over a few nights with my wife, after having read it first some sixteen years ago. It is a masterpiece, and known widely as such, but what surprised me on hearing it was how the book I'd remembered as terribly romantic was actually rather clear-eyed and dark. My wife, who had never read it, listened spell-bound, and at the end burst into tears at the sadness of it. A word about Scourby as reader - he is restrained but emotional, captures the personality of each character with a slightly different tone, and - most importantly for me - brings out the fact that the closing pages, which are often quoted out of context as deeply romantic, are in fact painfully cynical, a voice of disenchantment about the cost of America, not its promise. A masterpiece on the page and on tape. Can't recommend it too highly."
"I'm troubled that many young people in these reviews don't seem to appreciate this novel.  Even when ""forced"" to read it in high school, I loved it.  I've read it for probably the tenth time recently and I can say that every single time it's better than I remembered it.  I was prompted by the character is Haruki Murakami's book Norwegian Wood who carries it with him and reads it to cheer him up.  This narrator calls it the most perfect book ever written and says that you cannot find a page that's not perfect. I have to agree -- it's not just the plot, it's the beautiful writing and incredible characters and scenes that stay with you years later.  Even after years, who can forget the scene when Gatsby shows Nick all his custom made shirts, or Nick describes his first vision of Daisy by comparing her posture to someone balancing something on his/her chin, or any of Gatsby's parties, or the broken nose -- you get the idea.  For some reason, rereading this book reminds me of picking up a relationshp with an old friend.  It's so very comforting to read the best prose you can find in English and find that certain passages are almost committed to memory.  Don't miss out on this one.  If you didn't like it in high school, try it again when your reading tastes mature."
"I question whether I should even write a review of a book I dislike which most people, even most of my friends, seem to adore.  What it comes down to, for me, is that all the characters, even the best of them (namely Gatsby) are amoral, and the worst of them are vile.  I ended up reading this book for school twice.  The first time, in high school, I finished it and thought, ""I must be missing something,"" so I bought and read through the Cliffs Notes, and then said, ""Well yes, I knew all that, but so what?""  In college I was assigned to read it a second time, and that time I got more substance out of it.  The book will never be one of my favorites, though.  I just haven't got enough cynicism in my soul (at least not yet, anyway) to look into a moral vaccuum and find much enlightenment there.Perhaps I should read it a third time; it's a short book, after all.  I'm older now, and I do get the point in a way I couldn't have then--Gatsby falls in love not with a real woman, but with his own dream vision of her, and confrontation with the real thing shatters him.  (Then again, Don Quixote did the exact same thing without making me dislike him.)  The equating in Gatsby's mind of love with money is also worth understanding as a very American hang-up, but it does just make him seem pathetic.  And yes, I know that's the point.I also concede that one reason I disliked it was the sheer glut of tragedies I was forced to read in school.  I find that I have more patience for unhappy endings in fiction now that they're not being forced on me.  (Heck, I read Dostoevsky for fun, now).  But unhappy endings need not be the same thing as nihilism.  Gatsby's universe is a highly nihilistic one, a world so far gone that even the saddest ideals seem priceless simply for being ideals.Perhaps it's the kind of cynicism the book represents--it's not ""grumpy old man"" cynicism like Vonnegut or Twain, which at least feels earned and honest.  No, this is youthful ""look how worldly I am"" cynicism, the sort that drives us as kids to write bad poetry and wear lots of black.  Perhaps that's inevitable--the characters ARE all young, and the book is about decadence.It may also be the humorlessness of the book that sets it aside from Vonnegut and Twain.  I enjoyed de Laclos's ""Dangerous Liasons,"" where the protagonists are both insidiously evil, but at least the cynicism there is laced with black humor.  Gatsby carries an unrelenting air of ""I'm writing something important, dammit!""It's not my cup of tea.  You're free to like it.  Most folks do."
"Reading The Great Gatsby in high school almost seems like an American rite of passage. When I read it years ago in high school, I didn't care for it. Actually, I hated it. But after seeing that title pop up over and over again among lists of the greatest novels, I wanted to try it again. Did I like it any more the second time around? Nope.First, there is the language. Most people will tell you that that is what they love about the book, that The Great Gatsby is the prime example of exquisite and beautiful language. Maybe it works for you, but reading Fitzgerald's words leaves me scratching my head wondering, ""What is he trying to say?""Let's take a relatively unimportant line from Chapter 1 as an example. Fitzgerald writes, ""Conduct may be founded on the hard rock or the wet marshes but after a certain point I don't care what it's founded on."" Okay, what does that mean? I get the second half of the sentence - that the narrator doesn't care how one's conduct, i.e., one's behavior, is founded - that it doesn't matter whether you were brought up with great advantages or if you were brought up without them. But why hard rock? Why wet marshes? What does that mean? Hard rock? Wet marshes? Maybe you have a great answer for me, and I'm just not getting it. That's entirely plausible. But without a straight answer, I'm just left struggling. And this happens all over the place in this novel - words that conjure up images that float in the sky without any meaning to ground them.Second, there are the wholly unlikeable characters. What more needs to be said? The characters are wholly unlikeable. All of them.Third, through the narrator Nick Carraway, we are treated to a love/hate relationship with the wealthy class of the time period. We are to be in love, in awe, and in constant fascination with this one percent (to use today's language) for no reason other than the fact that they have lots of money. We are to be envious of and hopelessly attracted to high society. And although Fitzgerald paints these one percent characters as wholly unlikeable, he falls short of actually condemning their behavior. It's not a scathing satire. In the end, you still see the glimmers of attraction. And this, I cannot stand. I cannot stand the pathetic fawning over of the one percent. Cue eye roll. Get a backbone and find some self-worth. Please.Why two stars instead of one? My hatred of this novel bordered on obsession. I kept wondering why I disliked it so much. Those thoughts kept churning and churning in my head. And so, two stars instead of one, because evoking this level of obsession is worth something."
"This is a marvelous look into the green-eyed monster of sexual jealousy. It's ripe with symbolic imagery from Fitzgerald's personal agony over his wife adulterous affair.Everyone knows the superficial lit class interpretation of the novel; idealistic Gatsby pursues fortune in vain attempt to dazzle and win golden girl, only to have her reject him. Conclusion: classic condemnation of the hollowness of upper class materialism. Rubbish!The story is not political. It is personal pure and simple! It would have taken place anytime, any place those two particular personalities came together. In real life Fitzgerald won his Zelda. But he then promptly and insouciantly cheated on her. She got him back by cheating on him. In his journals Fitzgerald wrote that something died at this time. Shortly afterward the couple moved to Paris.Does this not parallel George Wilson's reaction to his wife's affair in The Great Gatsby?  Yes, Wilson is also Fitzgerald, the tortured, jealous part of Fitzgerald who mourns the loss of his wife even as he realizes her for what she is.  Myrtle is the low class floozy that Zelda has become in Fitzgerald's eyes by cuckolding him.Wilson tries to hold on to his wife by locking her up until he can transact a business deal (buying the coupe) and thereby have the money to take her ""west"", something they had long talked about but which he is now going to make her do.Analogously, Fitzgerald sold short stories (seeing himself as stooping to low class laborer by writing for commerce instead of art's sake?)to pay his and Zelda's way to Paris, removing her from her paramour's proximity.Who actually kills Gatsby? The symbol of idealism and optimism (Gatsby)is killed by the symbol of grief and jealousy (Wilson). Fitzgerald was disillusioned by Zelda's adultery not class materialism.Who does that leave Daisy/Zelda with in the end? Tom, the lout, the woman beater, the snob.  Realizing, to his relief, that Daisy will never actually leave him, Tom becomes smug. Go ahead, he tells Gatsby (or any man who now idolizes Zelda), flirt with her all you want. She'll always come crawling back to me! If Gatsby is how Fitzgerald wants to be, Tom is the husband Fitzgerald actually is.Daisy, Myrtle and Jordan are all Zelda; Daisy the debutante on a pedestal, Myrtle the common floozy, Jordan the sophisticate pursuing her own identity and career. But Jordan has no address of her own. She lives off other people and cheats on her golf game, just as Fitzgerald claimed that Zelda stole from him material for her own writing career.This is the world as seen through the eyes of a self-centered, tyrannical egoist, but with one saving grace, Nick the observer, the recorder. Nick is the writer in Fitzgerald, and for all his faults as a man, Fitzgerald was one heck-of-a-writer."
"Written by F. Scott Fitgerald in the 1920's, The Great Gatsby never ceases to depict the fallibility of the typical wealthy American. It is also a fine representation of the American dream and the price that comes along with it. The theme that I was imbued most by was the inability to grasp time: past and present. Gatsby is the typical wealthy American in the 1920's who lives the life wanted by all Americans. His involvement in bootleg alcohol tends to make him a shady character; however, he is in a way the fallible hero. His undying love for Daisy was what brought him to the life of organized crime and illegal activities. Along with the theme are symbols used to further substantiate the theme of wealth and time. For example, the clock that Gatsby tips over and catches shows how he is desperate to take control of time and bring what he wants: a chance with Daisy. His courage and motivation to win the woman of his dreams nevertheless proves that wealth cannot bring back what was past and over. Fitzgerald's use of symbols is what represents most the books' themes. It also serves as a lesson that what is past is past and that there is only a chance at moving on, not staying in the past."
"It's been fourteen years since I last encountered F. Scott Fitzgerald's classic short novel ""The Great Gatsby"".  What I've found was a much richer, much more perfect book than I'd remembered-- a book that  evokes a time and place, and yet manages, I think, to speak to all times  and all places where people have dreams, and where dreams go wrong.  Because of it's brevity, ""The Great Gatsby"" aspires to a kind of  structural perfection that longer and more ambitious masterpieces such as  ""Moby Dick"", for example, cannot begin to approach.  Every scene  contributes to the careful design of Gatsby's disillusionment and his  eventual undoing.  Every sentence, every word tells.  Fitzgerald's prose is  as tight and vigorous as it is rich and elegant.On this reading, I  noticed the complexity of the emotional tone that Fitzgerald evokes.  His  narrator, Nick, seems to celebrate Gatsby's extravagant romaticism, even as  he exposes its shortcomings.  The effect is lyrical and cynical at once,  much like life itself.I also got a better handle on the ambiguities that  inform the character of Nick.  The very first thing that he tells us is  that he is slow to criticize others, and yet the narrative that follows is  informed with Nick's judgement and implied criticism throughout.  Later, he  tells us that he is one of the few truly honest people he has ever known--  and yet in the end, Jordan Baker accuses him of fundamental dishonesty.  I  haven't figured out who is closer to the truth.  Perhaps I'll approach the  answer in some future reading.  I'm already looking forward to the  pleasure."
"The fourth star is actually for the quality of the novel itself; ""The Great Gatsby"" is one of my favorite novels and surely the best in American literature.  Every line in Fitzgerald's novel has a meaning and a purpose.  The reading on this audio book was not the worst I've ever heard, but Tim Robbins needed a good director to work out the many problems in his reading.  While there were generally good voice characterizations (except for the initial chapters' readings of Daisy and Jordan--who sounded like a very exaggerated version of Southern women but improved as the novel went on), the narrator's voice varied from sounding bored to a tempo more in keeping with Nick Carraway's feelings about the people in the story.  Sometimes there were problems differentiating Nick's voice from Gatsby's, and Gatsby mostly sounded like someone falling asleep.  In addition to characterization problems, there were small problems in sentence phrasing--perhaps caused by turning the page--and in pronunciation consistency.  I suppose it's all right to have a character's name pronounced in a non-traditional way (as Wolfsheim's was), but to have it move back and forth between two pronunciations even when the same character is supposed to be saying it seemed to me a problem that a good and conscientious director could have solved."
"Quite simply, the best American novel of the 20th Century.Fitzgerald was a genuis and this is his masterpiece, his gift to American literature.  ""The Great Gatsby"" is an awesome yet deceptively simple story  that explores the frustrations and passions of an entire generation through  the words, deeds, and thoughts of a few complex characters.  There is so  much just below the surface of this book, you can easily read through it  and miss the depth.  But it is there, to be discovered under Nick's  watchful gaze.  You have Gatsby's fabricated fabulousness, a persona he's  created with his own self-serving mythology.  But there is so much he  hides, so much he wills Nick to discover.You have Daisy's flightiness  and selfishness also hiding her true self because that's how it is for  women in her world--fake, flighty, frothy, lacking in substance.  She knows  the rules and she plays by them.  Jordan, Nick and others--their truth is  more obvious to us (i.e., Jordan is a cheat).  But everything is tragic  here, it is a fasade built on Eliot's famed ""wasteland.""I  can't stres this enough--this is a book that must be read, reread, and  analyzed countless times in order to understand what an extraordinary  achievement it is.  It is poetry."
"Don't buy this one. The formatting is ugly (wrong font sizes, hard hyphens in the text), not something you expect from a paid ebook"
"Fitzgerald wrote this classic in the grip of a stroke of archetypal genius. Hemingway, who previously disliked Fitzgerald, said that the book's cover was the ugliest he'd ever seen. Then, after reading it, Papa decided  he would be Scott's friend for life because he could write a book like  that.Jay Gatsby attempts to reach back into the past to retrieve Daisy,  the southern belle who rejected him when he was poor. Now mysteriously  wealthy, Gatsby moves to Long Island where Daisy is ensconced with her  husband and proceeds to re-establish contact with her.Gatsby is an  characature of a famous Mafioso of the twenties that always stood behind  the scenes, never in the news. Alas, for all his guile in the underworld,  he succumbs to love or what he thinks is love.The end of Chapter Six  reveals the archetypal nature of the book, that Daisy is the object of a  projection and transference. The absolute proof lies in the final paragraph  of the chapter in the words of ""Nick Wheat"", the first person  chronicler.We should all take heed of the last page in the book, where  the message comes across that pursuing old dreams is living in the past.  ""...so we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly  into the past."""
"As you can tell by many reviews which surround this one, our world is filled with minds who probably feel that the height of pathos is reality tv, or having to wait in line more than 5 minutes at an ATM.But about Fitzgerald--I'm reminded of Eliot's phrase ""infinitely gentle, infinitely suffering..."" (paraphrasing). His descriptions and evocations here are gorgeous, tender--and most of all subtle, which is why Gatsby is lost on so many modern readers. All of this novel is excellent and parts of it absolutely shimmer--Nick's description of the way Gatsby smiled at him. Look at this...""It was one of those rare smiles with a quality of eternal reassurance in it, that you may come across four or five times in life. It faced---or seemed to face---the whole external world for an instant, and then concentrated on you with an irresistible prejudice in your favor. It understood you just as far a you wanted to be understood, believed in you as you would like to believe in yourself, and assured you that it had precisely the impression of you that, at your best, you hoped to convey.""Who wouldn't want to believe in that smile?Or take, for example, the scene in which Gatsby shows his closetful of rare, extravagant and wonderful shirts to Daisy and Daisy weeps....not because of his sartorial excellence but because she knows even at that point, in her heart, that she will forever be stuck with that clod Tom.This is about the American Dream, and how the pursuit of it can kick the living s**t out of you....how friends come and go...and how society often rewards generosity with disdain.I beg you to read this book, because it is good for your soul.Just my opinion."
"This eloquently written novel, full of symbolism and wonderful imagery is set among a millionaire community on Long Island. The enigmatic bachelor Gatsby gives huge all night parties at his mansion, dancing, drugs and sex are the season's most fashionable events. His fascinated neighbour, the book's narrator Nick Carraway, makes friends with him and begins unravelling the secrets of his personality. Carraway's intervention triggers revelations about Gatsby's criminal past, and a love afair between Gatsby and the wife of the wealthy Tom Buchanan; these in turn leads to further tragedy. At the end of the book Carraway sits alone outside Gatsby's mansion, reflecting on the emptiness of the lives he has just described. Certainly this novel stands alone in range and depth. You will want to read this book again just for the beautiful flow of Fitzgerald's prose."
"""The Great Gatsby"" is a strange book because it seems that every American is forced to read it in high school, and yet its lessons are most meaningful and appropriate for people who are much, much older.  Fitzgerald's main message seems to be that those individuals who think big and dream big will eventually be crushed by their headstrong romantic ambitions, and that golden memories from the past--no matter how achingly seductive and promising in retrospect--can never be recaptured.How depressing!  What high schooler wants to be exposed to these dreadful (if true) life lessons, especially so early in life?Therein lies the rub.  ""The Great Gatsby"" is a benchmark work of American literature that is primarily read by youngsters who are too young to appreciate it, and it is ignored by oldsters who might truly connect with it because they, in their old age, dismiss the novel as some sort of stale required reading for adolescents.But let's now look at what the two groups might like, and then dislike, about this fascinating 1925 novel.LIKES OF THE HIGH-SCHOOL CAFETERIA CROWD:1.) It's a short read.2.) It's a famous work written by a famous author.3.) It's a clear, clean, tidy read.4.) It offers little complexity or contradiction (at least on a superficial level).5.) Nick Carroway is cool, and Jay Gatsby is REALLY cool.6.) Fitzgerald's gifts of description are amazing, especially those of the Gatsby mansion and its parties.6.) The book's mini-lessons are tidy, potted plants: (a.) money is bad; (b.) it sucks being the outsider; (c.) pay attention while driving, lest you mow down a mistress; (d.) don't bother Googling your ex-girlfriend and buying a big house across the bay from her big house.DISLIKES OF THE HIGH-SCHOOL CAFETERIA CROWD:1.) Nick Carroway's narration is a little too suavé and complex for its own good.2.) The last quarter of the text, sort of a crime novel spelled out, doesn't match the epic grandeur of the first three-quarters of the book.3.) Except for a few parties, one DUI, and one murder/suicide, nothing happens over nearly 200 pages of text.LIKES OF THE RETIREMENT-COMMUNITY CAFETERIA CROWD:1.) It's a short read.2.) Nick Carroway's narration is agreeably suavé and complex.3.) Scores and scores of textual passages in ""The Great Gatsby"" are arrestingly beautiful in their imagery, simplicity, and lyricism.4.) The oldsters know good-hearted, hard-charging successful people who eventually crashed and burned, just like Gatsby did.5.) The oldsters like looking back gauzily and wistfully on the splendor and health of their youth, no matter how things actually turned out.6.) The bastards win out at the end of ""The Great Gatsby,"" just like in real life.DISLIKES OF THE RETIREMENT-COMMUNITY CAFETERIA CROWD:1.) The last quarter of the text, sort of a crime novel spelled out, doesn't match the epic grandeur of the first three-quarters of the book.2.) The pivotal automobile accident is just a tiny bit forced and convenient.  (See for example p. 151 of the 1995 Scribner paperback edition--how can Daisy swerve to pass an ONCOMING car on a two-lane street?  If the approaching car is ONCOMING, there is no need to swerve--just to keep driving straight.)3.) Why did Gatsby let himself be killed by the raving George Wilson?  Wouldn't Gatsby, who purposely ordered his car with the damaged fender to be entombed in his estate's garage, get the hell out of Dodge?  (Tom and Daisy did.)  Are we meant to believe he gave up on life because, after one bad afternoon and a car accident caused by Daisy, he would give up on five years' worth of empire-building and let himself be assassinated?4.) Overall, the book doesn't quite fit together seamlessly.  It fails to be perfectly harmonious, internally and thematically.In sum, this is a masterpiece stuck uncomfortably between two places: the hearts and minds of the young, who have not yet lived long enough to endorse the timeless truths of the novel's grim central message, and the hearts and minds of the old, who might indeed recognize the value of its teachings, but skip over the text because they consider it to be fodder for juvenile minds.The text's tragic inability to succeed in one or the other camp reminds us of two similar and heartbreaking failures: of Jay Gatsby, who had all the material goods and all the street cred, but still died young, broken, and alone; and of F. Scott Fitzgerald, who was perhaps the most naturally gifted author America ever produced, but still died young, broken, and alone."
"The Great Gatsby, by F. Scott Fitzgerald, is a novel set in 1920s New York City that precisely captures the mood and tenor of what came to be known as the Jazz Age. The story focuses on the flashily affluent Jay Gatsby, who made his fortune through dubious means, his more modest neighbor Nick, Nick's captivating cousin Daisy Buchanan and her wealthy husband Tom. Gatsby hopes to use his material success to win the adoration of Daisy, who happens to be a love from his past, before he went off to war. However, Gatsby ends up paying a heftier price - his life - for the girl he has passionately but secretly pursued through the years.On the surface, The Great Gatsby seems like a book designed solely for leisure reading purposes. But dig beneath that surface, and the reader excavates some philosophical themes. For example, since Daisy did not marry Gatsby at the time of their affair because he lacked wealth, when Gatsby returns from the war, he is intent upon making a fortune in order to lure her back to him. His efforts ultimately doom him, reflecting the dour consequences of material obsession. Additionally, Gatsby's fervent focus on Daisy after so many years have lapsed exposes the peril inherent in clinging too closely to far-fetched fancies.But while Fitzgerald deftly works these themes, sometimes his commentary on the moral substance of his characters is ambiguous. He appears to revel in Jazz Age excesses, as portrayed in Gatsby's elaborate parties and in the characters' periodic jaunts to the city. Yet, through the sober-minded narration of Nick, Fitzgerald also seems to indict Gatsby for his ostentacious display of wealth. Furthermore, Fitzgerald draws Gatsby in a dualistic way - he simultatenously shows him as a man of principle and as a starry-eyed fool for persistently pursuing Daisy. But perhaps Fitzgerald simply wants us to make up our own minds about Gatsby rather than preach to us, or maybe he wants to show how human weaknesses can serve as strengths and vice versa, depending on the scenario.The character of Nick is credibly drawn; he represents temperance, but also passivity, as he appears to float on the fringes of his friends' lives rather than actively indulge in them. Indeed, as narrator, Nick allows us to see the story through his eyes, and while we never lack insight into his feelings, we also never feel pressured to see things his way; Nick's tone is calmly questioning rather than priggishly pedantic.Tom Buchanan as a vapidly wealthy and viciously philandering spouse is artfully conceived; whether he's flaunting his latest love at a party or speaking haughtily about the menaces of black economic progress, reader disdain for Tom is never far from the surface.But it's Daisy Buchanan who steals the show in The Great Gatsby; a mishmash of contradictions, Daisy exudes a sultry charm that masks a profound restiveness with her current lifestyle. She wants desperately to break free from her stifling circumstances, and Gatsby provides the catalyst for her to do so. Yet, she is constrained by convention, and Fitzgerald permits us to feel the tragic dimensions of her fate throughout the story. This tragedy is never more apparent than when at a tense gathering that includes Gatsby, she reluctantly (and not altogether believably) concedes that she has loved Tom, despite her earlier assertions to the contrary.The Shakespearean conclusion of The Great Gatsby will seem heavy-handed to some, while other readers will embrace it as a logical culmination of a story infused with melodrama. But one thing is certain: The Great Gatsby will leave an indelible impression on readers with its instructive themes, intriguing plot, and realistically drawn characters."
"THE GREAT GATSBY superficially is the story of what happens to Nick Carraway, and the conclusions he draws from his experiences.  Yet the very experiences of his own become the theme of the book.  Nick, as a narrator, becomes significant in the thematic content.Like many American novels in the same time period, THE GREAT GATSBY relies heavily on variety of symbols.  A symbol may function on several levels at once.  A symbol may represent an idea but also function as an idea throught the book.One of the central idea that stands out and persists throughout the other novel is wealth.  Fitzgerald's persoanl life has contributed a greal deal to this idea of wealth.  In fact, his own life has more direct pertinence to his work than the lives of most writers.  The idea of wealth ocuupies a great deal and achieves a central role in the novel, as well as Fitzgerald's life.Nick Carraway is able to see the self-destructive nature of fascination of wealth.  Maybe this is the message Fitzgerald wants to get across as he was deeply possessed by such fasination of materialism."
"Gatsby is a great book because it captures a certain age -- youth in the Jazz Age -- so well. Even though it was written 80 years ago it seems fresh today. The only comtemporary novel that comes close is Brauner's Love Songs  of the Tone-Deaf, which even includes a reference to the similarity between  youth culture in the 20's and today. How much has really changed? Read  these two great books and compare -- great writing that deserves the  highest recommendation!"
"Ernest Hemingway, who had a lifelong love-hate relationship with F. Scott Fitzgerald once described Scott's talent as ""perfect and delicate as the wings of a butterfly."" Yes, and that is what the lucky readers get  in The Great Gatsby:that wonderful, exhilerating, lyrical delicacy shadowed  by tragedy. I keep re-reading this book. It contains four or five of my  favorite scenes in all literature: the scene of Daisy on the couch in the  cottage with the breeze billowing her dress; the car accident at the party  when we glimpse this dancing shoe emerging from the car; the great passage  about ""those thrilling, returning trains of my youth"" and the  scene where they're getting drunk in the hotel. There has never been a  better, more subtly written drunk scene. Many have called Gatsby the best  American novel of the century. It's not hard to see why. It's got  everything in it. And it still stands, fresher than ever, as the great sad  story of the American Dream gone sour."
"I find Fitzgerald to be a master of description, especially as it comes to portraying a character.Thus particular story is a tragedy that leaves you with a better understanding of the human condition and allows you to question the roles if love, greed, passion, ego, and nostalgia.It's a compelling story that has survived generations and will be a mainstay in the literary community."
The Great American Novel of the 20th Century with beautiful photos of life in the 1920s. A brilliantly presented edition of an amazing book that will stay with you forever.
"Review: I know I'd get beaten up for saying this but honestly, I do not understand what the hype about this book is all about. I understand it is reflective of 1920s America, and there are lines of brilliance (I personally like Daisy's quote about how she wishes her daughter to grow up to be a beautiful little fool) BUT I found nothing special about this tale. I'm sure it managed to express the superficiality and cultural emptiness that many could not articulate when it was first published. The main character, Nick Carraway seems like a doormat character with a narration that is so vague and passive that I couldn't take him seriously. I realize, however, that his character complements the time frame and works well with the other characters (especially Tom and Daisy Buchanan).I was excited about reading this book because it's considered a classic, and all I had heard of were rave reviews. Less than halfway through this book I had already grown frustrated at it, and when I searched online for some ""negative"" reviews on it I only found a handful (though they were all written with a bit of an irritant tone, understandably).Why didn't I like The Great Gatsby? Because I feel was too watered down, in more ways than one. Many rave about the eloquence and figurative language of the book, and I'll slightly agree to that but I still didn't find anything that completely stuck me as pure brilliance.Now I'm a sucker for good symbolism, so I was naturally disappointed with this book in that sense as well — yes, there is the green light, the eyes of Eckleburg, and the Valley of Ashes, but I wasn't convinced. The eyes of Eckleburg symbolize God and how he is always watching over you, and the green light is up for interpretations. I suppose the Valley of Ashes was the best one out of the three, but still.This may sound rather far fetched, but Jay Gatsby reminds me of Othello's Iago in the sense that he isn't really a character per se; he merely represents a notion (though they represent two completely different ideas, that is certain). I'd say out of all the characters I liked Daisy the most, just because she represented a lot of the cultural scenes of 1920s. Tom Buchanan was the typical hot-headed, intelligently stupid kind of guy. And as for the ending...the best way I can sum up my reaction is ""oh"" (though delving into it you could come up with a string of meanings).Wrap up: I find this to be the typical high school read — a bit of symbolism here, the typical passive narrator there, and a handful of cardboard cut characters with Jay Gatsby being the ""illusion"" of the American dream. I wasted my time reading this book, I really did. I haven't seen the 2013 film adaption of it, only the second-most popular one by Jack Clayton (1974) and I think it captured the awkwardness and pure nullity that I saw in this book. The best way to express my disappointment is with this: If I had my own copy of this text, it wouldn't have space on my bookshelf even as a classic."
"The Great Gatsby is a very great and meaningful novel about how empty our lives can be and blah blah blah.  A lot of people who are a lot smarter than I am say a lot of great things about The Great Gatsby.  Sarah Churchwell, a professor of American Literature in the UK calls it a ""cautionary tale of the decadent downside of the American dream.""  She goes on to discuss social politics and the betrayal of one's own ideals.  Journalist Nick Gillespie says the story is about ""the breakdown of class differences in the face of a modern economy based not on status and inherited position but on innovation and an ability to meet ever-changing consumer needs.  Quite a mouthful, that.Those people make The Great Gatsby sound pretty important, but to the common working man like myself, this is a boring audiobook about absolutely nothing.  If I had to assign any meaning to it, I would have to say that it's about what meaningless lives the idle rich lead, how they throw money around like candy at a parade while millions starve, and how they can get away with things the rest of us can't, even murder.  I won't go so far as to say that I'm sorry I read The Great Gatsby; even if you don't like an audiobook it can still make you think, and therefore expand your world view.  Books have that kind of power, even mediocre ones.  Oh, and during its original sale run in 1925, The Great Gatsby received mixed reviews and sold fewer than 20,000 copies to the great disappointment of F Scott Fitzgerald and his publishers.The main reason I picked up this copy of The Great Gatsby at the library, was because it was narrated by Frank Muller, one of my all-time favorite narrators.  This guy was simply an amazing reader of books and I learned some time ago that anything he reads is worth listening to.  As boring as this book is, I actually finished the whole thing, which is a tribute to what a great narrator Frank Muller was.  Muller was one of the pioneers of the field, going to work for Recorded Books way back in 1979.  In 2001 he was involved in a motorcycle crash and suffered severe head trauma, eventually leading to his death in 2008.Okay, I was a little harsh.  Obviously, a lot of people really like The Great Gatsby.  I am not one of them, mainly because I just don't get novels that use a lot of symbolism and have hidden meanings and such.  Don't knock it 'til you try it, that's what I always say."
"I had not read this novel for some 20 years, remembering it only as an excellent American novel.  A recent rereading was a revelation--this is indeed one of the world's great novels, as close to perfection as the art of fiction comes.  The minor character point of view gave the characters and the action the truth of objectivity. The characterization framed the characters, though not extensively developed, vividly within the parameters of the theme: Gatsby's and our nation's loss of innocence and the loss of our ideals in the pursuit of wealth.  Though set in the 1920's, the novel's message is as relevant now as it was then, perhaps in the dedication to greed today even more so.  There is an economy of action in this short novel that Fitzgerald distills into the very essence of what he needs to deliver his message: James Gatz of North Dakota is the embodiment of the American dream, callow, superficial, idealistic, noble and grand--the symbol of this nation's promise of the better life, and how it has become corrupted into a glorious and empty dream.  Few novels, in their rapid progression from beginning to conclusion, cause the reader to become aware of the quality of the writing itself, the choice of words, the descriptive details, the to and fro of prose rhythms.  ""Gatsby"" does on almost every page: ""Gatsby was overwhelmingly aware of the youth and mystery that wealth imprisons and preserves, of the freshness  of many clothes, and of Daisy, gleaming like silver,safe and proud above the hot struggles of the poor."" Daisy:""Her voice is full of money.....""  That was it.  I'd never understood before.  It was full of money--that was the inexhaustible charm that rose and fell in it, the jingle of it, the cymbals' song of it...high in a white palace the king's daughter,the golden girl..."" Nick Carraway's;"" I'm thirty,"" I said.  I'm five years too old to lie to myself and call it honor.""  The last 3 paragraphs of the book are simply magnificent, an eloquent, powerful, gloriously appropriate conclusion to a great novel.  Trying to say how good this novel really is, is like trying to tell your sweetheart how much you love her--words are simply not enough, inadequate and flimsy  intimations of the enormity of the task."
"I firmly believe that ""The Great Gatsby"" is a novel that cannot be fully appreciated in a first read. I read it for the first time after college, and hated it. Now, 10 years later I have read it half a dozen times, and find it to be a richer and richer experience every time.Fitzgerald was a talented writer, and there are times that the prose in this text is breathtakingly good. But that is not what makes this novel stand out as one of the greatest pieces of truly American literature. Rather it is the eternal optimism, sometimes misplaced, of Gatsby (and some of the other characters) that keeps calling to the reader long after the last page. Fitzgerald wrote a book that speaks to the American ideals and persona, and he did it in the guise of a love story. There is no better description of the indefatigable American spirit than the last page of this novel. It is literary perfection, and even if the book that preceded it was not incredible it would be worth the price.I won't rehash plot points here, but I will say that in Gatsby, Daisy, Jordan Baker, and the amazingly well drawn Tom Buchanan, Fitzgerald created a cast of characters that will long reign as one of the most recognizable in the canon of American Lit. I recently reread this novel for a book club, and it is no coincidence that despite the many varied reactions to the book, everyone agreed that Tom stood out. We all knew a Tom in our lives. It speaks to Fitzgerald's honesty as a writer that one of the least likable characters in the text is one of the novel's standouts.Don't read ""The Great Gatsby"" because you have to. Read it because you want to. And then put it aside and live a few more years of life. Then come back to it. You will be amazed what you will find in its pages that you did not find before."
"""So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly  into the past.""  These are the last words in the novel, and sum up its  theme.  Our minds (like moths to the light) are drawn irresistibly to the  most wonderful moments we have experienced.  Our mistake is then to build  our future around them, not realizing that they can never be recaptured.  In pursuing the past into the future, we deny ourselves the real potential  of the future.The Great Gatsby is developed in novel form around the  story line of a Greek tragedy.  Nick Carraway, Gatsby's neighbor, is the  narrator, serving the role of the chorus.  This choice of structure creates  a marvelous reinforcement for the book's theme.  The novel is constricted  by the tragic form, even as Gatsby's future is by his immobilization by the  past.  If you like that sort of irony, you'll love The Great Gatsby.Nick  knows both Gatsby (his neighbor in West Egg, Long Island) and Daisy  Buchanan (his cousin who lives in East Egg, Long Island).  Daisy knew  Gatsby before he was Gatsby and before meeting Tom, her husband.  Gatsby  has made himself into a rival for Daisy over the five years since they have  last seen each other, and makes his play for her again through Nick about  mid-way through the book.  Daisy and Tom's responses shape the tragedy that  is this story.  I won't say more because it will harm your enjoyment of the  novel.The story itself is somewhat dated by the romantic perspective  of the Roaring Twenties, and few will read it for the instant connection  they will feel with the characters.  Why would someone want to read this  book?  I see three reasons.  The first is to explore the theme of moving  illusions about the future built from the happiness of the past.  The  second is to see a fine example of plot development.  There are no wasted  words, actions, and thoughts.  The third is to enjoy the language, which is  beautifully expressive.  For example, consider the book's opening sentence:  ""In my younger and more vulnerable years my father gave me some  advice that I've been turning over in my mind ever since.""  Fitzgerald  goes on one sentence later to give you a clue about how to read the novel.  ""He didn't say any more, but we've always been unusually communicative  in a reserved way, and I understood that he meant a great deal more than  that.""These are not characters you will find uplifting.  ""They  were careless people, Tom and Daisy -- they smashed up things and creatures  and then retreated back into their money or their vast carelessness . . .  and let other people clean up the mess they had made.""Why did  Fitzgerald create such characters?  Precisely, because he did not approve  and did not want you to approve.  'Everything that glitters is not gold' is  another way of summing up the lessons of this novel.Why should someone  not read this book?  A reader who wants to be inspired by positive examples  will find little to uplift oneself here.  Someone who wants a story they  can personally identify with will likely be disappointed.  A student of how  to create love and happiness will mainly find out how to create heartache  and unhappiness.  So the book is not for everyone.After you have read  the book, I would encourage the self-examining reader to consider where in  one's own life the current focus is dominated by past encounters rather  than future potential.  Then consider how changing that perspective could  serve you and those you love better."
"I did not go to school in America, and read this book about a year ago, but for whatever reason, I ended up here, and have to write some kind of upbeat report on the Great Gatsby to try to balance the tide against all  the revisionist critics.The reason I mention school is that it would  appear a lot of people have had traumatising experiences with classics  being thrust down their throats. I do not know if it is a case of bad  teacher, bad student, or simple incompatibility, but I would say this - if  you really did not enjoy a book, DON'T TELL OTHER PEOPLE NOT TO READ IT!  One of the most disappointing experiences of my literary career (if you can  call it that) was when I recommended my girlfriend to read Catch-22, and  had it metaphorically hurled in my face after ""3 chapters"".  That's her right, but the negative reaction will always hurt more people  than help them, whereas vice-versa for the positive one...especially since  I have noticed that works that someone has always been attached to can  still be reduced for them in the face of violent enough criticism. If you  had a bad experience at school, it's fair enough to be upset about it...but  this truly is a great book which should only have great things written  about it.Both of Catch-22 and the Great Gatsby have humour and grace,  and not a little hidden dignity. But Gatsby is clearly the superior work  for the symbolists and amateur students of literature. It is a period  novel, but like all the greatest of these kinds of works of fiction, it  reaches far beyond its time. The writing is timeless, and the mystery makes  for a latter day Much Ado About Nothing - perhaps it is boring on the  surface, but boring like tectonic plates: fundamental, dealing in huge  issues in subtle and slow movements. Yet it is not even a particularly long  novel - several hours of great entertainment and effort well expended.I  hate having to write prescriptively, but sometimes you can't help reacting,  you know?"
I have always loved FSF's writing. His prose is beautifully poetic. This is his best work by far. The book comes alive in this reading by Alexander Scourby. I have listened to this recording probably 10 times over the last few years and I never tire of the story or the way it is read. I have also listened to the version read by Tim Robbins and he doesn't do the book justice. He portrays Gatsby as kind of a dour fellow. I have always viewed Gatsby as the ultimate romantic and that is how he is portrayed by Scourby in this reading. I cannot recommend this audio enough.
"As a teacher of American literature, I have read many of the American classics, and since to teach is to learn something twice, I've had to read them often and closely.  Without a doubt, The Great Gatsby is my favorite American novel to teach.  Fitzgerald's prose verges on the poetic.  The  thematic and symbolic issues in the book heighten the reader's enjoyment of  the story, but even the basic story is enough.  I simply love this book.  I  couldn't put it down when I first read it.  It is a flawless comment on the  Jazz Age and the death of the American Dream."
"This is a master piece in literature and should be read not only by student but everyone who enjoy a good written book. It is richly set in the jazz era and portraits the life and shallowness of Gatsby the main character. An impossible love and the empty life he lives in pursue of this undeserving girl. A great work of art.Anna del C.Author of ""The Elf and the Princess""and ""Trouble in the Elf City""The Elf and The Princess: The Silent Warrior Trilogy - Book One (The Silent Warrior Trilogy)"
"i have read a lot of bad reviews for this book and i am trying to understand why.  yes, i can see where people are saying this book is shallow but are they really looking into the symbolism in this story.  it is everywhere in the novel from the green light to t.j. eckleberg.  also,  this is a critique of fitzgerald's time.  he wanted to show that american  society of the 1920's was shallow.  this book, i think, is a timeless  classic.  it makes americans look at their society and think what is going  on."
"A good plot plus an engaging writing style make a bestseller. Sometimes, those elements are combined with a third: the story makes us think about ourselves, and life in general. It's only then that we have a classic... In my opinion, ""The Great Gatsby"" is just that, a classic. It was first published in 1925, an the author set the background of the story in the 1920's, the ""Jazz Age"". Disregarding the fact that particular period of history is already distant, this book has managed to mantain its edge. But why does that happen?. The plot is interesting, but nothing out of the ordinary. It is the story of Jay Gatsby, a poor man who fell in love with a rich young girl named Daisy, who ended up getting married to someone who had as much money as her parents. All that happened before the beginning of the story, that starts quite a few years after that marriage. Daisy is quite unhappy (in a rather superficial way), and ready for a change when Gatsby enters again into her life, as good-looking as ever but with much more money. The story is told from the point of view of Nick Carraway, who is Daisy's cousin and who happens to meet Gatsby in one of the party the later organizes. Nick is a catalyst in the story, due to the fact that he puts Daisy and Jay in contact again after many years of separation. However, and more important, Carraway makes the book remarkably more interesting for the reader, making commentaries from time to time regarding what is happening. In the book, Nick says ""Everyone suspects himself of at least one of the cardinal virtues, and this is mine: I am one of the few honest people that I have ever known"". At the very least, Nick's role is an effective way that Fitzgerald found of involving the reader a little bit more in what's happening in the story. Most people can identify with Nick Carraway because he doesn't go to the extremes where the other characters permanently are. Gatsby, and his relentless persecution of a love that never was, that can end in nothing else that pure tragedy... And Daisy, so frivolous and vain, so thoroughly engrossed in herself that is incapable of true love... All in all, I liked the story, but I especially enjoyed the way in which F. Scott Fitzgerald writes. His style is very simple, with only some metaphores that don't obscure the meaning but help to make it clear. He is also quite concise, as evident from the fact that this book has little more that 200 pages. I think it is probably wortwhile to point out that what really makes this book a classic, instead of merely an enjoyable book (not that there is anything wrong with those!!), is the fact that it deals with many themes all of us deem important, for example love, dreams, lies, justice, social differences, hate, money and what it can (and cannot) buy... From my point of view, this book is more than worth your time and money. I only wish the ending had been different... The book would have lost some of its dramatic air, but I would have been happier. Even though I know it is rather silly, I prefer happy endings. I hope you notice that despite that, I still recommend ""The Great Gatsby"" to you. I really don't have other choice, because it is really a great book :) Belen Alcat"
"I apologize for many of the close-minded high school students who decided to vent the fact that they hate everything they read in school on this website.  I am sorry to say that I am a high school student, who had the pleasure to read this book last year.  It is truely amazing how one book can get a kid my age so engulfed in the concept of reading.  Everything about this book is wonderful to me.  The symbolism throughout the whole book just adds to the tragic story of Jay Gatsby and his inability to let go of a past life that has haunted him for years.  In short, this book deconstructs the basic American dream and reveals it as a desperate attempt to cling to memories of a love that is, and always had been out of Gatsby's league.  The superficiality of his new social status is made extremely lucid by symbolism as simple of Gatsby's pool.  The pool had never been used by gatsby himself, it just sat in it's place to be used for nothing other than show, much like Gatbsy himself.  The money he acquired(through illegal ventures) had never been about himself, but only about the hope that somehow he could prove to Daisy that he had become an upscale man.  The hope that somehow the past would could be not forgotten, but re-lived ultimately led to Gatbsy's destruction, as he failed to realize his own desperate and hopeless quest for wealth soon enough to save his soul.  The way Gatsby is depicted paints two portraits of one man, a man who has everything; a fabulous mansion, money, cars and all of the other worldly possessions one can hope for, and the other; a man who has everything but what he desires most, the love he would give everything up for.  In the end, Daisy and friends are revealed as nothing more than snobbish drunks, and Gatsby remains the shattered man who always strived to do better for the ones he cared about, the ones he loved.  How any person who reads this book and does not appreciate it for the wonderful story it tells is beyond me.  Kids these days seem to automatically hate any book they are forced to read in a school environment, and it is a shame. Perhaps if high schoolers could look past their own superficialities and accept a book for what it is, than many would be better off."
"I read this book five times.  The writings of F. Scott are undeniably the most creative yet can also be so relatable to people of any time.  The words he chooses and characters he create are truly a work of art.  This is by far my favorite novel, and I have my junior high school English Lit teacher to thank.  It was a book we had to read, and I'm so thankful we did.  Since then (17 yrs later), I have read it 4 more times.  It is truly unbelievable and absolutely can not wait for the new movie."
"The beauty of this book is that Fitzgerald's elegant prose flows so nicely into the story being told.  It is wonderfully written, but not distractingly so.I can't give the book 5 stars -- I save that for only the books I truly think are perfect -- but The Great Gatsby is definitely worth reading.  For anyone who has ever felt that deep sense of purpose or meaning in a world that feels bloated with socialite zombies, Fitzgerald's novel is well worth your time."
"I've read this book several times, and each reading shows me something else that I didn't know before. If you want a clarifying perspective on the great, powerful, capitalistic engine that we call the United States, read this book. If you have ever had a dream that you just couldn't let go, look in the mirror, and you'll see Jay Gatsby staring right back at you."
"...of course, that's just my opinion, and I obviously haven't read everything that's been written (or even a minute fraction of it!).  However, I've never come across anything that so captured the profound wonder and sadness of the human condition.  There are passages in The Great  Gatsby which took my breath away, passages so perfect I couldn't believe  that someone was capable of writing them.  Hunter S. Thompson once said  something to the effect that he couldn't imagine one word being added or  taken away from this novel.  Surely that's one of the highest compliments  one writer could give another (it also gave me a newfound respect for  Hunter S. Thompson, but that's beside the point...).  Like most of  Fitzgerald's work, The Great Gatsby holds up well as a period piece on  young America in the Jazz Age.  More importantly, it is a timeless metaphor  of mythical proportion.  The green light on Daisy's dock is the longing  that drives us all; our dreams dissolve in the moment of fulfillment,  leaving us with the bittersweet realization that it was only the dreams  themselves that gave our lives beauty and meaning."
"Of all the Great Gatsbys I sampled for Kindle this has the best formatting and cleanest look. If you haven't read it, read it. There are some lovely pictures of the 1920s here too."
"This new edition of Fitzgerald's novel is beautifully illustrated with vintage imagery which captures the essence of the 1920s - a divided time of lavish parties and speakeasys whilst prohibition raged, where gangsters brushed shoulders with highest echelons of polite society - a time epitomised by the wealthy, enigmatic Gatsby who hosts, yet never attends, lavish parties in his Long Island mansion in the hope that one night his long lost love Daisy will appear....  Jay Gatsby is the incarnation of the American dream and the Great Gatsby the tragic American Creation Myth...."
"After living abroad in the Middle East for a year and traveling through more than twenty-five countries, I recently re-read The Great Gatsby, seeking the familiarity of America.  The Great Gatsby captures what is different about Americans and the American experience.  At its most basic, America represents endless striving for greatness.  Whether in business, science, athletics or world affairs, Americans imagine and seek the best.  Though we often stumble and fall short; though we often cut corners to achieve our dreams - striving for greatness is the essence of America.  In Gatsby, we feel what it is like to want something so badly, to succeed in reaching it and to ultimately fail.  How many of us have not shared these experiences in some way or another?  American writings today, such as David Ebershoff's Pasadena (2002) and Scott Gaille's The Law Review (2002), continue to explore Gatsby's central theme of obsession with greatness.  In this time of global uncertainty, we can get back in touch with what it means to be an American by reading such books."
"Although published seventy-five years ago, Fitzgerald's masterpiece remains as fresh as the day it appeared.  It could have been written yesterday.  It is as perfect a novel as one is likely to find in American  literature; not a word is wrong or out of place.  The choice of a second  person narrator gives the reader wider and greater appreciation of the  characters and events.  At the center of it all, of course, is Jay Gatsby,  bootlegger, liar, party-giver, doomed romantic.  His love for Daisy  Buchanan, his ""incorruptible dream"", is the only genuine emotion  felt by any of the characters (excepting narrator Nick Carroway, whose  loyalty to Gatsby is touching), all of whose superficiality is buried  beneath the glitter and gaiety of the Jazz Age, the endless parties, the  extramarital affairs, the endless-flowing booze, the accumulation of wealth  and things.This edition of the book features critical commentary and  notes from Prof. Matthew Bruccoli, the world's foremost Fitzgerald scholar."
"What a wonderful book this is, capturing the essence of the ambition, lust,  love and gay abandonment, not only of the 1920s, but of the human spirit itself. Widely regarded as a classic of modern literature, Fitzgerald  manages to capture something very American, very modern, very sublime and truly timeless in this novel; from the relatively simple narrative of  romantic yearnings, to the greedy ambitions, the lost loves, the complex  enchantments, and the underlying despair; this is a journey of life.This book for me is just too  much. Take the exchange between Nick and Gatsby about the 'past', and  following 'lost dreams';- ""You can't repeat the past"" (Nick).  ""Can't repeat the past? Why of course you can"" (Gastby). Can you?  I still don't know. How about the early quote of ""the foul dust that  floated in the wake of his dreams that temporarily closed out my interest  in the shortwinded elations and abortive sorrows of men"". A dark  promise of things to come. And what about the exhileration and excitement  of the ""returning trains of my youth"", near the end, where Nick  decides to leave the 'big smoke' in New York, permanently tainted in his  mind, for the wide plains, the homely townships, and to escape from the  shallow, superficial and 'messy' lives of the Big Apple pretenders.I  won't spoil you with intricate details of the story, if you haven't read it and you want to understand modern literature and the modern western world, you have to read it. It is as simple as that.This book is a unique expose of the human spirit, the western dream, the love and despair of life; quintessentially 20th century and quintessentially beautiful.I wish I was seventeen and could read it again for the first time."
"This book is on every list of favorite books, and every list of the 100 books you must read before you die. Every high school student or first-year college student has read it. So, when I say I didn’t think much of it, I’m treading on tenuous frozen water.First I’ll say what I did like about the book. The prose is excellent. Lots of wonderful descriptions. But that’s it. For example:He must have looked up at an unfamiliar sky through frightening leaves and shivered as he found what a grotesque thing a rose is and how raw the sunlight was upon the scarcely created grass.But I didn’t like any of the characters. Gatsby had no sympathetic characteristics. In fact, so far as I could determine, he made his money as a crook. I don’t mind that, I wish it were brought out more. Nick is uninteresting, and Daisy is just a silly girl. there was no discernable story, and the dialogue was sprinkled with adverbs like fairy dust. For example:Looked at me challenginglyHe sat down gloomilyNothing material happened until 80% of the way through the book. That’s when Myrtle Wilson was killed by being hit by Gatsby’s car, which was being driven by Daisy. Even at that point you have to read it twice to realize what happened. After that, Gatsby’s reaction was basically, oh, well, we hit her and killed her.Even when Gatsby was shot there was little description of it. That section likewise had to be read more than once to realize what had happened. It was a great chance for some tension. But it was hidden, and the climactic scene of the whole story was nearly invisible.Now, I understand that it’s a work of literary fiction, and that there are not going to be “action” scenes. But all that really happens is that Nick gets to know his neighbor, Gatsby, who has a big party every night. They run around carousing and having fun, and arguing amongst themselves. Yeah, there’s adultery, and an old love between Gatsby and another man’s wife that brings on a little tension, but it’s simply not enough. It’s largely kept as an undercurrent.In other words, it’s boring.I’m also aware of the symbolism. But who cares, other than Lit 101 students? Tell the story first, then worry about symbolism and social commentary.This book reminds me of The Emperor’s New Clothes. Someone has to tell him he’s naked.This book would never be published today."
"F. Scott Fitzgerald (1896 -- 1940) published his third novel, ""The Great Gatsby"" in 1925.  Although it received mixed reviews at first and did not sell well, ""The Great Gatsby"" soon became recognized as one of the ""Great American Novels."" In terms of sales, the novel is rated #1 in Amazon's classics, and it has garnered well over 3000 Amazon reader reviews. I have recently had the opportunity to reread several great American works of fiction including Fitzgerald's novel.It was a fresh but difficult experience to return to this novel after many years. I remember reading it quickly and, almost surely, superficially when I was younger. While short, ""The Great Gatsby"" proved surprisingly dense and difficult upon rereading. With the beautiful, shimmering, and impressionistic writing comes many characters, scenes and a great deal of complexity. The book cannot be read solely as a story of the shallowness of the Jazz Age or reduced to a slogan about the failings of the American dream.Fitzgerald's novel is set in the summer of 1922 in Long Island, in a fictitious suburb of New York City called West Egg and in New York City itself.  There are two primary characters.  The first is the narrator, Nick Carraway, who turns 30 during the course of the work. A midwesterner and a graduate of Yale, Carraway moves to New York City following service in WW I with the aim of becoming a bond salesman. Carraway both plays a role in the story he tells and stands aloof from it. Carraway is a reliable narrator. The reader is encouraged to see him as balanced and thoughtful, much like Ishmael, the narrator of ""Moby Dick"".The other primary character is Jay Gatsby. There is a temptation to think of Gatsby as middle-aged and jaded, but he is only a few years older than Carraway and trim and athletic.  Gatsby lives in a large, ostentatious house adjacent to Carraway's small rented home in West Egg and throughs lavish parties throughout the summer attended by celebrities in which illicit liquor run freely. Rumors abound about Gatsby's past and about the sources of his wealth. These issues gradually and tellingly get revealed during the course of the novel.Born in poverty, young Gatsby worked hard with a determination to pull himself up.  As a young man, he fell in love with the wealthy Daisy, a distant cousin of Carraway's, but the relationship was interrupted by WW I. Daisy didn't wait for Gatsby but instead dated other men and married Tom Buchanan, a wealthy and extraordinarily boorish man, and a classmate of Carraway's at Yale.  When the Buchanan's move to a mansion in East Egg, Gatsby buys his property on West Egg and stares and dreams of his lost love, Daisy, just across the bay.Wealth and Daisy become conflated for Gatsby. The story, among much else, works into a triangle between Tom and Gatsby for Daisy's affection. After Fitzgerald masterfully sets the stage and develops the situation, the novel works to a tragic resolution. Through Carraway, the book meditates on the nature and shortcomings of Gatsby's version of the American dream with its pursuit of money, ostentatiousness, romance, and fixity on the past. But Gatsby with his ambition, love, and what Carraway describes as ""an extraordinary gift for hope, a romantic readiness such as I have never found in any other person and which it is not likely I shall ever find again"" also receives a strongly positive portrayal.  The first few pages of the novel, in which Carraway, two years after the fact, recounts his memories of Gatsby and describes the story to follow are critical to the book.  In the opening lines, Carraway recounts a lesson from his father which becomes emblematic in responding to the story of Gatsby.""Whenever you feel like criticizing anyone"" [my father] told me, ""just remember that all the people in this world haven't had the advantages you've had.""Fitzgerald's novel offers a beautifully drawn amd precise portrayal of America during the 1920s. There is a sense of transience and life at the surface in the story, but such a life comes in contact with tragedy and depth. The novel is graceful, enigmatic and probing. The book may make an impression on young people, who are frequently force-fed it in school, but it repays revisiting, without pressure by readers later in life. ""The Great Gatsby"" deserves its status is one of the great works of American literature.Robin Friedman"
"[SPOILERS perhaps, but who doesn't know at least the outlines of the plot?]It comes at or near the top of any list of contenders for The Great American Novel. I knew the 1974 movie with Robert Redford, and have just seen the 2013 version with the marvelous Leonardo di Caprio. So about time I actually read the book.... And the result? Absolute endorsement of its extraordinary quality, plus a few surprises.Quality. If I were to pick just one aspect of Fitzgerald's writing, I would say his eye for compact detail, especially when describing character. The light fading on Daisy's face ""with lingering regret, like children leaving a pleasant street at dusk."" Jordan Baker wearing her evening dresses like sports clothes, ""as though she had first learned to walk upon golf courses on clean, crisp mornings."" An expression that passes over Gatsby's face ""at once definitely unfamiliar and vaguely recognizable, as if I had only heard it described in words."" And that single gruesome detail at Myrtle's death, ""her left breast was swinging loose like a flap,"" marking the realization that this social comedy has been tragedy all along.Surprises. First that the book is so short, a mere 180 pages. Virtually everything in the recent movie is in the book, with amazingly little left out. But -- in sharp distinction to director Baz Luhrmann's extravagant camp -- how compact, one might almost say modest, is Fitzgerald's prose. The set pieces like the first party scene convey the impression of excess without ever resorting to excess in their writing. Yet the book itself is fantasy; not only does the meteoric rise of Gatsby seem impossible, but the timeline of that single summer has its own contradictions. But that is not Fitzgerald's focus; he keeps his characters borne up on airy balloons like Nick's first view of Daisy and Jordan on the white couch. Note how far underground he keeps the criminal world of the Prohibition era, upon which the whole story rests. And how unusual, how risky even, is the rear-loaded storytelling: the book begins with minimal exposition, and almost all the back-story is left to the last third.In that respect, I was surprised by the one extended passage not to appear in the movie at all, the 18-page coda that constitutes Chapter IX. It leaves a nasty taste, but has some interesting purposes. It shows narrator Nick Carraway much more ambivalent towards Gatsby than in either movie. It reveals him as a much colder person, observing, recording, but despising all sides equally. And, in a geographical shift, it takes us away from the wild life of the East Coast to remind us that all the major characters are Midwesterners; ""perhaps we possessed some deficiency in common that made us subtly unadaptable to Eastern life."" So which is the more real, the more admirable?But THE Great American Novel? What are the criteria? Top five on the Goodreads poll, after GATSBY, are TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD, HUCKLEBERRY FINN, THE CATCHER IN THE RYE, and THE GRAPES OF WRATH. All five belong indisputably to their periods. Three of them (Lee, Twain, and Steinbeck) are essentially realistic works grappling with deep faults in American society; I have no trouble accepting the greatness of any of them. The Salinger is curious in that its world, that of a disaffected teenage preppie, is minute by comparison; what it speaks to is less America than the existential ennui of its Zeitgeist. The Fitzgerald, a far better book, also deals on the surface with a minute segment of society, the ultra-rich and the seekers after sensation. Yet its society is curiously fungible: the road from East Egg to Manhattan runs through the Valley of Ashes, and millionaire Tom Buchanan takes his mistress from a garage. The book is often seen as the quintessential portrait of the Jazz Age, and I agree it could only take place at that time. But as a representation of most of America in the twenties, I just don't believe it. A dream itself, it is a portrait of the American Dream and its hollowness. That is why the weary hangover of the final chapter is so important. And that is what makes it a great novel for America even today."
"Let me preface this review by saying that I am not the most experienced reader in the world.  However, I am only 17 years old so I have (hopefully) many more years to read and become that experienced reader.  I have always been big on books though. From Harry Potter to Eragon to Ender's Game, I have always loved to sit down and enjoy a good book, nearly as much as or even more than I like to go outside and kick the soccer ball around.  I have always been something of a free spirit, however, so reading school-assigned books has always been a big pain for me, and I usually did the SparkNotes version.  On some books, like the Scarlet Letter and The Awakening, I didn't feel as bad, but it became a habit and I missed out on fully reading books such as Catch-22 and a Tale of Two Cities (I do plan on reading those later, hopefully sooner). I did read three books in high school that I truly enjoyed, however; two of them in 10th grade and one in 11th.  I read Catcher in the Rye and Slaughterhouse-V in 10th grade, the latter being runner up to my favorite book of all time (behind Ender's Game), but why did I decide to read those? It was because my 10th grade English teacher was the greatest I ever had and challenged me to delve into these novels and discover the deeper meanings and symbolism hidden in the text.  The only book I actually read in 11th grade was, well, The Great Gatsby.  The reason I decided to read it was the sheer history behind it and the fact that it was the epitome of a 20th century classic.So you're probably wondering why I am telling you my entire life story in a review of this book before I even tell you why I like it.  Well, the reason is to encourage people to pick up books they may have skimmed over or simply not read in high school.  There are a million reasons to not read books in high school: the time constraints for reading are annoying, the discussions where teachers make-up instances of symbolism where you know for a FACT that the author was not thinking of it when it was written, that party you could be at instead of reading, the hours of other homework you've just been assigned, etc.  But these books are classics for a reason.  Now that I am fresh out of high school, I feel I am free of all that bologna that would prevent me from sitting down and ENJOYING the book like I did for Harry Potter, Ender's Game, etc.  Now that I've read it again after the year and a half it's been since junior year, I was able to read at my own pace and look at the characters in my own way, without having to think of how my teacher sees him in order to get the A.  The Great Gatsby is a book full of characters that you want to succeed and do well in life and get their happy ending, but at the same time Fitzgerald gives you reason to dislike them all the same.  So, if you read this book and despised it in high school, or you're like me and you liked it in high school and wanted to read it like you do all your other books, on your own time, then I highly recommend this book."
"This is the second time I've read this book and it's gone up a full two stars in my estimation. It's about ten years since my first reading and I can't remember why I didn't like it back then, but it may have had something to do with the fact that it's quite a depressing story.Now I appreciate the subtleties of it a bit more and I can see that it's an attack on the concept of the American dream which Jay Gatsby buys into hook, line and sinker. My interpretation was helped by a review I read of Baz Luhrmann's film. Sadly it seems Luhrmann has been as seduced by the glitz and glamour as Gatsby himself and missed the whole point of the story, but I digress.Daisy represents the world of wealth and privilege Gatsby desperately wants to be part of, and he thinks that if he can possess her then he will have fulfilled his heart's desire (it reminds me a lot of Henry James' The American in this sense). Never mind that Daisy is shallow, frivolous and spoilt, because it's not really the woman he loves, and he makes this clear when he tells Nick her voice sounds like money. She is the first truly wealthy person he has come in close contact with and her money casts a spell over him that leads to his undoing.Gatsby sells his soul to make enough money to win Daisy over and the extent of his corruption and naiveté is tragically clear at the end when none of the people who were so happy to partake of his hospitality can be bothered attending his funeral. Daisy doesn't even call or send flowers. Gatsby is just collateral damage to them, a victim of the selfish, ruthless world he yearned to be a part of.The writing in the book is deceptively simple because it's poetic and even enchanting at times in its descriptions. He captures the essence of the jazz era so well that I felt like I was at the boozy parties, breathing the smoky air and watching everyone get drunker and more debauched. I thoroughly enjoyed it and it's made me want to go back and re-read some of the books I've dismissed in the past because your perspective can change dramatically over time."
"I first read this one years ago, in high school I believe, and I liked it well enough then. But it was soon eclipsed in my mind by Joyce's works. And Hemingway's. Against the works of these latter authors, Fitzgerald's GATSBY seemed to me to be rather ordinary, old fashioned if you will . . . albeit a nicely honed piece of prose.There is, indeed, a certain artifice to the Gatsby story which smacks of the writer's intentions, an intrusive ""plottiness"" reflecting coincidences which are not at all the way things really work in life. And yet for all that, the story is strongly told, moving and lyrical, and the characterizations, as I found on re-reading the novel at my wife's urging, far more subtle than I recalled from my high school days. GATSBY is the story of a mystery man who dreams of a wealthy debutante he met years before, when he was an impoverished young soldier, and whose entire life since has been dedicated to winning her. To do this he has earned millions of dollars in the heyday of racketeering and prohibition (how is never quite made clear) and, at the time the novel is set, is engaged in creating an upper class persona for himself, in order to be worthy of the woman he loves.Of course, as Fitzgerald, through his narrator, the Midwestern transplant and aspiring bond salesman, Nick Carraway, shows, it is not Gatsby who needs to be made worthy at all. There is a certain melodrama to the tale which kind of blunted the edge for me but, on balance, the overwrought tragic overtones in the careless hit and run accident that brings all to a head are more than balanced out by the insight vouchsafed to us by Nick when he tells Gatsby, near the end, that the whole lot of them are not worth Gatsby alone. Gatsby wanders off distractedly to meet his undeserved destiny, thereafter, and Nick remains to pick up the pieces, packing up and returning home to the Midwest in disgust, and something akin to despair, at the human condition when, at last, the full import of what has occurred comes home to him.Fitzgerald had set out to craft a gem with this novel and he succeeded. Though it has flaws, the powerful insight and the polished, lyrical prose more than make up for them, setting this book firmly in the constellation of great American novels.SWM"
"I really enjoyed and would highly recommend reading The Great Gatsby.  Overall, it was an easy read, and for the most part, a light-hearted, entertaining story.  It had an interesting plot with remarkable characters to support it.  Even though it was written almost a century ago, it is still easy to appreciate Fitzgerald's ideas and style of writing.  The book was very well written for many reasons.  I liked the fact that it was a first person narrative.  I personally enjoy first person novel because I think that the insight of the narrator makes the reader relate to the story more, as opposed to the neutral position of a third person story.  The narrative offered details vivid enough to easily imagine the setting.  I was not familiar with the setting in New York, but the descriptiveness was clear enough for me to picture the scenes.  Also, the writing style was excellent at using setting as a device to convey emotion, and in a few instances, foreshadowing.  The plot is fast moving and I really enjoyed the unexpected plot twist towards the end.  The small side plots that arose between the supporting characters sustained my interest also.  The story was very much to the point, and did not at any time drag on.  The strongest part of the writing was the development, connections, and introduction of the characters.  Nick Cattaway fits the role of the narrator perfectly and provides a central connection among all the other characters.  It allowed me to feel more sympathetic towards the characters because of Nick's sympathy for his friends.  The order in which he introduces the characters and then slowly revealed how their lives were intertwined made for a very interesting story.  My favorite of the introductions was the surprisingly low key intro to Gatsby.  However, this character was the only one that I wasn't satisfied with, and proved to be the only flaw I found with the book.  The lack of development of the character of Gatsby was very disappointing for me.  After such a unique entrance, in addition to the title, I expected much more than the book offered.  Although more is revealed about Gatsby as the story progresses, I still didn't feel a connection to the character.  Since Gatsby was intended to be a mysterious character, that may be the reason the lack of information about him.  However, there seemed to be a true depth missing that was hinted at, but was never fully communicated.  This was especially true in the relationship between Gatsby and Daisy.  The intensity of Gatsby's feelings seemed to be glanced over.  Besides that minor negative point, the book was very good, and as a said before I recommend it to anyone looking for a short but enjoyable book to read."
"Why is this novel a classic?  The answer is more than just Fitzgerald's wonderful prose or his use of imagery to convey messages.  The answer lies in the way the characters in this novel teach us to look more closely at ourselves and our lives and notice things we might otherwise have missed.The novel's narrator, Nick, opens by telling us that he ""tends to reserve all judgements"" of people until he has gotten to know them.  From this introduction, we come to see the flaw in Nick's reasoning.  For he does judge people, though he chooses to remain silent about it, and we see his judgements as he introduces us to the people in his life.  It seems that everyone around Nick is obsessed with money, particularly his second cousin Daisy and her husband Tom.  Nick introduces Tom and Daisy by telling us that they ""drifted here and there unrestfully wherever people played polo and were rich together.""  This excellent sentence tells us pretty much everything we need to know about Tom and Daisy, and the events that follow do little to change this perception.  And then there's Gatsby.  Wealthy, popular, mysterious Jay Gatsby, who throws lavish parties at his mansion and seems to be totally in control of his life.  And yet he longs for something more: to be with Daisy, the woman he loves.  But is he really in love with Daisy, or is he only in love with the person he thinks she is?  This question plagues us as we read, watching Gatsby's facade crumble as he pursues Daisy throughout the novel.  We know that something terrible is going to happen, we just don't know what it is.  Yet we know that the relationship is doomed; Daisy doesn't love Gatsby, she is in love with his image.  And through Nick's eyes, her true character is revealed.  We see that although Daisy is beautiful, she is also cold, caring only for herself and her own happiness.  Her true love is money, and she's married to a man who can provide her with what she truly loves.  She cares little for the consequences of her actions.  Nick's final assesment reads, ""They were careless people, Tom and Daisy-they smashed up things and then retreated back into their money or their vast carelessness or whatever it was that kept them together, and let other people clean up the mess they had made...""The lesson is powerful and important: things aren't always what they seem.  The bible says that the love of money is the root of all evil, and we see this played out in the lives of these characters.  In the end, Nick realizes that some things are more important, and so he has resolved to go on with his life and learn from Gatsby's mistakes.  We, the readers, are touched and changed.  That is why this book is truly a classic."
"Fitzgerald is mainly known as a jazz age writer, as an observer of the flappers and his work is considered to be stuck in the past. Nothing could be further from the truth. This novel captures the American spirit in all its confused idealism, its expansive dreaming and scheming, the corruption in its childlike innocence and its penchant for pressing into the future without examining the past. The old money and its callous cop-out policies are still practised by the ones who can buy second chances as symbolized by the established Buchanans while neurotic upstart Gatsby is the forerunner of every motivated small town boy who makes it against the odds and finds out that although everything is for sale, including a brand new identity , all the power and all the glitz can't buy back the wasted youth or the heart of the ones who had their finger on the pulse of opportunity and rationale. The closer Gatsby gets to his dream the more remote its core becomes;not unlike an emotional fata morgana. Nick Carraway is the chronicler of this tragedy of illusion  and leaves the wiser for having the veil lifted and seeing nothing more than a poor boy's broken heart in the swimmingpool of vodka and blood. The Wilsons from the wrong side of the track are a brilliant signifier of how the priviledged amuse themselves with the hardscabble folks for diversion but can effort to cut them at a moment's notice. Having means won't buy you love or real friends but it will buy you a clean slate again and again until you run out of real estate. Gatsby's real estate is his heart's yearning so he dies desolate because he bought the motivational speech and was never told that the new continent and all its attentant promises might make room for a new brand of hero but it can't change the human heart.A classic in the best sense of the word. A Greek myth remade to fit the size of the new world."
"The Roaring Twenties, also known as the Jazz Age, was a very American response to World War I.  Until 1917, America had kept her distance from the commotion on the European continent, and it was indeed the Great War that pushed America out of her hesitant isolation and onto the world scene.  The tremendous moral confusion and psychological disillusionment thus unleashed by America's involvement in the gruesome war of attrition hailed a new generation of artists.  F. Scott Fitzgerald, one of the most prominent writers to have emerged from this generation of artists, framed his generation's struggle in The Great Gatsby.  By placing his protagonist in the midst of Long Island, NY's dazzling elite and glamorous parties, Fitzgerald presents to us a son of the Jazz Age whose post-WWI pursuit of the ""short-winded elations of men"" is so characteristic of that era.  But Gatsby, a decorated hero from the indecisive battlefields of WWI and also a fabulously rich man, is not a character whom Fitzgerald intends for the readers to admire.  Instead, Fitzgerald hints that there is a considerable distance between the man that Gatsby is and the man he is capable of being.  Thus it appears only ironic that Fitzgerald should choose to title his novel The GREAT Gatsby.  But in the wake of America's political readjustment on the world scene and internal social shift, Gatsby comes to symbolize an age of great aspirations that ended in hollow grandeur.  And as a protagonist who successfully embodies ""an unbroken series of successful gestures"", Gatsby captures Fitzgerald's own great vision of a complacent American society, numbed by shallow pleasures, and ultimately betrayed by the very dream of greatness his generation hoped to achieve.Intrigued yet? Read the novel and find that green light beyond the foul dust of all that's tangible.  Welcome to the world of Jay Gatsby."
"Nick Carraway is an unsuspecting Long Island-dweller living in a small house that is sandwiched between mansions.  Through two old acquaintances, Tom Buchanan and his wife, Daisy, he learns that one of his neighbors is the rich, extravagant Jay Gatsby, who soon invites him to one of the periodic late night parties on his property.  At this party, he befriends Gatsby and soon becomes intertwined in his story.  He finds that Gatsby's money was earned through illicit methods, and sees his friend's incongruously idealistic character.  Finally, he watches as Gatsby is confronted by his past in the form of Daisy Buchanan.During WWI, five years before the events recounted in The Great Gatsby took place, Jay Gatsby was a soldier stationed in Louisville.  There, he met Daisy, and in his romanticism, he believed that it was everlasting, mutual love at first sight.  Four years later, when Gatsby discovered Daisy's marriage, he moved to Long Island, where his past lover and her husband were now residing.We see Jay Gatsby's incredible idealism, inharmonious with the rest of his character, which is, to me, the most significant characterization in the entire novel.  It is the one aspect of the story that allows the reader to keep reading, feeling that everything might be eventually work out.  How Gatsby hopes against hope, believes against belief, that Daisy, after five years, still loves him, is a tribute to the human spirit.  His complete confidence during his confrontation with Tom Buchanan shows the incredible ability within us all to trust in a reflection of the past.  It makes us all Gatsby's friends, makes us hope with him, wish with him, have faith in him.  Gatsby's romanticism makes readers aspire to or even believe that they have this incredible love of ""a green light at the end of the dock"", a symbol of the hope that has been lost and yet is still there.I would recommend this book to everyone, although some slight racism and sexism common at the time the novel was written may discourage sensitive readers.  The literary style and word usage is, for lack of a better description, incredible, and the book's plotting is superb.  The Great Gatsby realistically portrays both the best and the worst of human attributes and allows any reader to identify with the characters, no matter how far-fetched this might seem.  F. Scott Fitzgerald's book is the epitome of American literary accomplishment and a must read for any serious booklover."
"In my life, I have read many books; however, none has affected me as much as _The Great Gatsby_.  When I read reviews that claim it is over-rated or trivial, I almost take it personally.  How can anyone miss the beauty, eloquence, and depth of this novel?Fitzgerald creates some of the most magnificent characters and scenes in the history of literature in this book. Gatsby is the embodiment of the American dreamer. He is so insecure that he shrouds himself in glitter.  He wants one thing he can't have so much, he surrounds himself with every other possession.  He finds that getting what you want is often the worst thing possible, and that, to be very cliche but borrow from Fitzgerald's own images in this book--everything that glitters is not gold.  The character is classic because a part of him exists in so many people.Daisy and Tom are also classic characters.  Haven't we all met this shallow type that takes what it wants at whatever cost and leaves the world to clean up their messes?  Sure we may feel sympathy for Daisy in some more tender scenes, but isn't that how people like her get away with hurting others? Finally, Nick is a wonderful character because he is so like the reader.  He is the man who can't help but stand on the side of the road watching an imminent disaster.  There is little we can do but watch and once it happens, we can't force ourselves to turn away. These characters are incredibly developed, and because they are so universal, so archetypal, we can identify society through them. I have failed to touch on the unity of effect of the novel, the poetic prose, or the incredible theme that permeates the novel, but I hope that readers will find these for themselves.  Let Nick take you for a xfat drive through East and West Egg; you won't be sorry you took the trip."
"Set in the 1920s, The Great Gatsby traces the tragic James Gatz (Jay Gatsby) and his yearn for his past love, the beautiful Daisy Buchanan. The novel is narrated by Gatsby's next door neighbor, Nick Carraway, as he views everything that happens to Gatsby.  The setting takes place in Long Island, New York, in two places: ""West Egg"" and ""East Egg"" separated by a bay. Gatsby is this filthily rich guy who lives in a gigantic mansion next to Nick in West Egg.  Rumors about what kind of a man he really is swirl about Gatsby, but Nick keeps his own opinion until he actually meets the great Gatsby himself. Gatsby holds extravagant parties in his mansion, and people from all over the Island come, even uninvited. In reality, he has moved to West Egg and holds these big parties hoping to attract the attention of the woman he once loved during World War I, Daisy Buchanan, who is now living across the bay in East Egg. Unfortunately, Daisy married during the war, so she is technically unavailable.  Gatsby, who values the past and money above anything else, does all he can to win her back, but alas, Gatsby is not called a tragic character for nothing.Beautifully written, mostly in prose, The Great Gatsby makes a reader step back and examine his own values. Even though Gatsby has all these bad characteristics attributed to him, the reader cannot help but empathize with him and his romantic idealization of the past. We all do that sometimes--live in the past and forget about the present.F. Scott Fitzgerald, when he died in 1940, thought he died as a failure in life. Well, with this classic The Great Gatsby that I have just now read, I beg to differ, Mr. Fitzgerald."
"I had to read this book in high school as a Junior and I didn't really get into it.  In fact I really coasted through the book without really following it too closely.  I decided to reread it and I was much surprised by how much I liked this novel.Fitzgerald has created a great portrait of a tainted American Dream.  Through his character Jay Gatsby we see how the ideals of society have been corrupted. Gatsby made his fortune by dubious means, and pursues irrationally Daisy Buchannan, a very vapid individual who comes to tears over shirts.  This is also symbolic of his the futile pursuit of happiness.Though this novel was written in the 20's, the message is still timeless.  Anyone who thinks this is dated has not looked at the society we live in.  We are practically in another me generation.  People today don't have a care in the world.  Having recently finished high school and being currently in college I have witnessed the sort of carefree vapid sense that most young people have.  They don't have a collective thought in their heads other than drinking and partying.  They also don't seem to care who they hurt in the process, sort of like Daisy and Gatsby in the car.The only drawback I can possibly see with this wonderful novel is the technical skills.  They aren't great but they don't detract from the story.  Fitzgerald does use a limited perspective and he does follow a cohesive plot, so the technical writing isn't too terrible.Overall this is one of the top 10 books I have ever read, and I have read quite extensively.  So don't listen to the negative reviews, read this novel and enjoy it."
"The Great Gatsby is a novel that breeds contrasting opinions from readers throughout. That is definitely a sign of a great, classic piece ofliterature. If a novel was written and full of adulation and honour, it would not be a good book, because human thinking seeks entertainment and the literal sense of words, therefore a book that is both loved and hated at the same time proves to be one which offends and intrigues audineces in such a vast, drastic way, that its  ablty to do this makes itself a masterpiece. The myriad themes in this novel are what sets it apart from all others. The rise and fall of the American Dream is portrayed in which we can all see the rise and fall of success in our lives and forces us to think whether we should proceed with our lives, living in superficiality and materialism as Daisy and Tom did. The passion and obsessive love that Gatsby hold for Daisy is unrecognizable today, and it brings a sort of mystery and wonderment of what it could be should it be refelcted at present. The Great Gatsby is based upon equality, socail discrimination and our human ideals. It revolves around what we perceive is important, happiness or materialism and while we go about careless of others and absorbed by ourselves, what are we trying to prove? God is in fact watching us and as we try to achieve success and beconme happy using guidelines other than those of reaching the genuine American Dream, we are doomed to failure. This book is touching.... read it... do not expect excitement... look for depth, meaning, symbolism and those lessons that could change your perspective of the world."
"The Great Gatsby is a famous novel, short novel, a rich novel- a novel that encapsulates many of the values, customs and characters of a certain era. Fitzgerald draws in his simple, careful, detailed style characters that are memorable for the characteristics they display, typical of the 20s flapper generation. Jay Gatsby- highlighting the strength of the appeal and ultimately failure of the American Dream, Daisy- beautiful, rich and reckless, Tom Buchannan- encapsulating the snobbery and harshness of many of the East Coast rich, Nick Carraway- a subtly drawn narrator who has many of the reactions associated with those who enter the inner circle of the wealthy- the curiosity, the fascination, the horror and the despising of their values. And Mrytle Wilson- representing the other side of the coin- from a poor background yet desperately enamoured with the world of the rich and turning up her nose at those close to her to climb up the social spectrum.The Great Gatsby shows up the hollow, nasty, reckless, superficiality prevalent in certain sectors of society better than any other novel I know. A timeless classic."
"Today  is one of those days when I long for a book such as ""The Great Gatsby""It is inseparably associated with a point in history F. Scott Fitzgerald claimed to despise.  He is both the quintessential Jazz-Age writer and probably his era's harshest critic. Complex and timeless.  Who could ask for more?My favorite passage -""Most of the big shore places were closed now and there were hardly any lights except the shadowy, moving glow of a ferryboat across the Sound. And as the moon rose higher the inessential houses began to melt away until gradually I became aware of the old island here that flowered once for Dutch sailors' eyes--a fresh, green breast of the new world. Its vanished trees, the trees that had made way for Gatsby's house, had once pandered in whispers to the last and greatest of all human dreams; for a transitory enchanted moment man must have held his breath in the presence of this continent, compelled into an aesthetic contemplation he neither understood nor desired, face to face for the last time in history with something commensurate to his capacity for wonder."""
"The story of Jay Gatsby is narrated by Nick Carraway.  Carraway had  graduated from New Haven in 1915, had participated in the Great War and, returning restless, decided to move East and learn the bond business.  In the spring of 1922, he rents a house in West Egg, Long Island next to the mansion of Gatsby - a mysterious host of large and extravagant parties.It seems that few people know anything about Gatsby, so speculation is rife.  Gatsby is wealthy and powerful, and knows how to get things done.  And yet, while many flock to his parties, he seems to have no friends, only business associates.  A man of mystery.Nick Carraway's second cousin, once removed, is Daisy Buchanan.  Daisy and Tom (and their daughter Pammy) live on the more fashionable East Egg side of Long Island.  Nick had met her husband Tom at New Haven and Nick calls on them soon after moving to West Egg.  During his visit, Nick also meets Jordan Baker who tells him that Tom has a mistress, and finds that here as well that Gatsby, his parties and his wealth are a topic of discussion.  There is a lot of restless energy here, as well as a sense of dissatisfaction, of boredom and of wanting more from life.Myrtle Wilson, Tom's mistress, lives with her husband Tom near an expanse of land known as the Valley of Ashes.  A wasteland of sorts, between New York and Long Island, constantly under the view of an advertisement for an oculist.`But above the gray land and the spasms of bleak dust which drift endlessly over it, you perceive, after a moment, the eyes of Doctor T. J. Eckleburg.'Through Nick and Jordan, Daisy is reintroduced to Gatsby.  She had been engaged to him before her marriage to Tom, back when he had no money.  Gatsby still loves Daisy, and hopes to recapture this past romance.``Can't repeat the past?' he cried incredulously.  `Why of course you can.''Unfortunately, for Jay Gatsby, he cannot repeat the past.  And a series of unfortunate coincidences and tragedies obliterate his future as well as that of the Wilsons.  It's of no consequence to Tom and Daisy, the destruction that they cause and retreat from.  They live in and for the moment, without loyalty and without care.`They were careless people, Tom and Daisy - they smashed up things and creatures and then retreated back into their money or their carelessness, or whatever it was that kept them together, and let other people clean up the mess they had made ...'`Her voice is full of money', he said suddenly.'  And money talks in this novel, but it has to be the `right' sort of `old' money.  There is no place for a parvenu like Gatsby, and there are few mourners at his funeral.It's been forty years since I last read this novel, and while I remembered the story fairly well, it had a different impact this time around. The first time around I wondered how people could be so fickle and shallow, this time I was more focussed on how Fitzgerald manages to complete such an unsettling story within fewer than 150 pages.  All versions of the early 20th century American Dream portrayed in this book are flawed: those who can see the flaws can do nothing and those who strive to live it are doomed to fail.  Equality is not realisable.And if I read it again?  Who knows what I'll think of it.Jennifer Cameron-Smith"
"""What goes on four legs in the morning, on two legs at noon, and on three legs in the evening?""  the Sphinx asks Oedipus at the gates of Thebes.  As the myth goes, no one provides the correct answer until the arrival of Oedipus, whose response of man reflects the stages of human life.  The irony of a riddle is that its answer is crystal clear after its revelation.  The answer is right in front of us, but often it takes a great work of art such as the story of Oedipus or in this case The Great Gatsby to help us understand our humanity.Many of my millennial students sigh or complain when they recount their first experience with The Great Gatsby.  ""It was forced upon us.  My teacher kept saying how great this novel was, but she never explained why other than it depicted the Jazz Age.""  Neither Oedipus nor prophet, I have provided some reasons as to why this novel deserves a second look from today's youth.As many have already mentioned, The Great Gatsby's narration is the voice of America.  Post-modernist critics may object to that statement, considering that Nick Caraway, a young white Army veteran, comes from a well-to-do Midwestern family.  While Nick differs both physically and geographically from most of my students, his voice speaks for Americans not so much for what he says but rather by what he doesn't.  Nick listens.  Confused yet excited by the ""bright lights"" of New York, he nonetheless is attractive to the main characters because of his honesty, integrity, and kindness, traits one would find in a counselor or a religious leader.  Though confidential, the dramatic irony is that we receive a first-hand-account of the attitudes and actions of America's ""gods and goddesses,"" much in the same manner we encounter the tragic flaws of the keepers of Mt. Olympus.  Shining a light on the closed world of the rich and famous is titillating to almost everyone.Another aspect of this novel that is overlooked is its length.  Depending on the edition, the length does not exceed 235 pages (my edition is 182 pages), a major accomplishment considering its literary output.  Published in 1925, Gatsby shines because Fitzgerald had learned from the failure of his play The Vegetable that Americans crave descriptive yet efficient writing that can be read in a day or two.  Fitzgerald accomplished his goal, and like any great dramatic or cinematic feature, his audience--with some assistance--is able to digest the purpose or meaning of the story itself.  The length of the text is appropriate for any student, but what is gleaned may depend on the stage of an American's life.  Note, my previous statement is not contingent upon age; rather, it is my observation that Americans form deeper opinions about the American Dream based on their experiences in pursuit of the American Dream.  This is the last idea I would like to explore in the next paragraph.The topic that is of central concern to this novel, and one in which makes this novel worthy of merit, I tend to believe, is Fitzgerald's criticism of the American Dream.  This may be a generational shift, but many of Generation X males measured their worth based on their ability to become ""self-made"" millionaires through Ben Franklin's proverbial (yet ironic) schedule of hard work and dedication.  The Dream (dream?) worked in stages: Young man falls in love with blonde goddess who comes from a renowned (wealthy) family; next, he begins his Arthurian quest to woo her by demonstrating his valor in battle.  Returning, he whisks her off her feet, marrying, and then carrying her on a white horse to her castle.  There, he consummates his marriage with his fertile wife, leading to their first-born son, who can carry the name for generations.  The only catch is that the Dream takes money--lots of it.For my generation, this was the single greatest fear that men encountered: failing to achieve the Dream.  There was no other option, and because of it, that is why Gatsby, a penniless veteran, perverts the means of achieving the Dream by entering the world of wolves known as the criminal economy.  Like the narrator, we disagree with Gatsby's decision, but we can sympathize, especially for returning veterans who often struggle to find gainful employment.  Nick understands this point better than anyone because he comes from a ""connected"" family similar to what Tom, Daisy, and Jordan have.  Who today has a family who can fund one of their children for an entire year to find himself in New York?  While no one likes to use the word ""victim"" to describe any group today, the fact remains that players such as Wolfsheim, Tom, Daisy, and the party goers exploit Gatsby's ambitions for their own personal illusions.Looking at the narration, the terseness yet beauty of the text, and the overarching theme of the American Dream, one cannot help but reexamine this literary pearl, as readers did of course after Fitzgerald's death.  In the past, much of the discussion regarding this novel has focused on the following questions: Has the green, flickering light known as the American Dream passed?  Have more Americans resorted to ""questionable"" practices in order to obtain the Dream?  These are reasonable questions for my generation, but for a younger post-Socialist generation, their next question may not pertain to finances nor social status but rather personal identity.  Before another generation reads Gatsby, maybe they should ask the following question: How do I define the American Dream?  It might be too post-modern for my generation to swallow, but millennial Americans must now find happiness on their own terms in a world that we have not left better than our parents did for us.  The old definition of the American Dream killed Gatsby; it would only be too prudent to steer a different path, for our children and for what remains of our time on Earth.  Thankfully, it is not yet evening and I have not grown a third leg!"
"I fell in love with F. Scott Fitzgerald's brilliant novel, The Great Gatsby, when I was in high school.  I was captivated by the lush, lyrical prose that was such a distinctive characteristic of the novel.  I think that Fitzgerald has given us a searing, powerful take on the rich dilettantes of the 1920's.  He slowly and skillfully reveals the shallowness and callousness of these people, as they manipulate and deceive everyone.  It seems that Fitzgerald's heroines were always reincarnations of his real wife, Zelda.  It is clear that Gatsby has hopelessly romanticized the superficial and hollow Daisy Buchanan.  He has elevated her to a pedestal that she does not in any way deserve.  Yet he is determined to pursue her and his dreams, at all costs.Fitzgerald is unmatched when it comes to character studies.  He has used his own real life experience among the elite, to peel away the beautiful artifice and show us the truly ugly, heartless soul inside these people.  Daisy and Tom are unhappy and unfulfilled people.  Tom uses Myrtle to escape from the boredom and inanity of Daisy.  He could care less if it all turns out badly.  Consequences, morality and decency are not qualities that one finds in the likes of Tom and Daisy.  They take what they want and try to steal moments of happiness at the expense of the humanity of those who are manipulated and played like chess pieces.  Life is a game to them, a game to be played out in grand style and if someone gets crushed in the process, so be it.Fitzgerald finds his own voice in his narrator, the conscientious and astute Nick Carraway.  He is the observer, watching the carnage and emotional wreckage unfold before his eyes.  Through him, we see the horror of what Tom and Daisy do to those who have the misfortune to those who cross their path.  Initially, Nick is enchanted to be in their company, but by the end as he surveys the tragedy and destruction that has been wrought, he is repelled and wants only to put as much distance as he can between himself and these monsters.  Fitzgerald's own ideas and thoughts are expressed through Nick.  It's a masterful way of illuminating the reader.  Nick is the moral compass in this novel.  He sees the truth, the ugly reality of what makes up the rich and famous, their lack of character, their emptiness, their need to lose themselves.  In the end we feel the way he does.  The beauty and lavishness of the lives of these people are just a brittle exterior, covering up the hideousness that lies underneath.As I read this novel again, years later and much older, it has taken on a whole other dimension.  I have enough life experience now to truly appreciate the dark and sinister reality that can lie behind beauty and wealth.  It is now a richer experience, because Fitzgerald's novel is timeless.  He provided a stinging, harsh critique of the kind of people he knew all too well, of an era, a time in which people satisfied their greediness at the expense of others.  The book can never become outdated, because what it says about people who have too much money and time on their hands with too little humanity, applies to generations through the years.This is a seminal work, a beautifully crafted tale about a time that was captured forever in these richly drawn characters.  Fitzgerald had the most distinctive style of writing I have ever experienced.  No one else has ever even come close to his genius.  He can dissect and carve out the essence of his characters using the most lovely prose. His descriptive phrases still leave me breathless.  I am only sorry that he died prematurely in 1940 at the too young age of 44, thereby depriving us of the privilege of reading more of his magnificent writing.  We must make do with what he was able to give us in the brief time he was on this earth."
"This story of the 'lost generation', those who came of age in time to fight in WWI and, if they were lucky, returned home to find that everything had changed, especially themselves.  This generation was no longer content to stay in the small towns and cities that their families had lived in for generations.  The young men did not want to enter into the family business and settle down with a suitable young woman from nearby.  The young women were not content to stay in their parents' house and wait, they wanted out in the world to 'do something'.The story is told, not through the eyes of Gatsby but through those of Nick, a young man from the midwest who has settled in New York to learn the bond game.  By chance he has rented a house on Long Island for the summer, a small cottage stuck among much grander mansions and, again by chance, across an inlet from a cousin, Daisy and her husband Tom, who, also by chance Nick had known slightly in college.  Also by chance, Nick's neighbor, the mysterious Gatsby had been one of Daisy's many suitors before she had settled down with Tom.  Nick soon finds himself swept into the glittering, glamorous world of Gatsby and Daisy and Tom.  He is made an unwilling witness to Tom's infidelity, the one sided romance of Gatsby and Daisy and finally to the tragic results of it all.THE GREAT GATSBY is a very American story, one that depicts the American restlessness, the desire to be more, better, different from all that has come before.  As with many books that are assigned reading this one is often forced on an audience that is too young to appreciate it.  Like many others I hated this novel when I first read it (I was an 18 year old college freshman) but found that it stuck with me, unlike many other assigned books, long after the final exam.  Over the years I have read it several times and each time discovered something new, a different aspect of the novel becoming the 'point' of the story.This is one everyone really should read at least once, perferably a couple times, in their lives."
"The American Dream. It is something which Americans have always vied for. Perhaps not as significantly in recent years, but it is still an important facet of our culture. It is the idea that everyone and anyone can attain prosperity and wealth in this country, even if you are penniless. This dream, however, does not hold as validity as it used to. In F. Scott Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby, Fitzgerald sharply criticizes a materialistic society by juxtaposing the lavish lifestyle of Gatsby and the more commonplace existence of the character of Nick, illustrating the decline of the American Dream.Along with his current extravagant living arrangements, Gatsby's original rise to fortune also contributes to Fitzgerald's social criticism. Gatsby is first introduced as what may seem to be the paragon of American prosperity--living in complete and utter opulence. However, as the novel progresses, it is revealed that Gatsby, in an attempt to win the heart of Daisy, had become prosperous by bootlegging alcohol and by trading stolen securities. Prosperity is the epitome of what the American Dream can amount to, and, while most accomplish their objectives through hard work and integrity, Gatsby illegally finds his way around to immediately gain that elite status. Fitzgerald illustrates Gatsby's illegal rise to fortune as a reflection of the American mindset of that time, sharply criticizing society of cheating its way towards fortune. Nick advocates Fitzgerald's beliefs of American society through his judgment of the higher class. Nick is always the bystander of the social scene, as he is Gatsby's neighbor and watches the festivities from his own home, suggesting him to be more of the everyman than the decorated man. It is Nick who notices the socialites are ruthless in their undertakings to attain fortune, and it is also Nick who criticizes them for it, asserting that it is their doing that the American Dream has diminished in integrity. Gatsby and Nick both characterize the common American mindset of the 1920s. Where Gatsby is depicted as the end result, however, Nick is more of the everyman who judges socialites for their lavish behavior and ultimately exposes the decline in the integrity of the American Dream.F. Scott Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby is often dubbed as the great American novel and has been considered a classic for many generations. After reading it, I can surely see why. Many of the books that we are required to read for school are easily dull and hard to interpret. The Great Gatsby, however, is an interesting read and more importantly, it is interesting to read again and again. While it can easily be deemed a period piece, reflecting upon 1920s society, the major theme of the novel can greatly be relevant to today's materialistic culture. I have always interpreted the American Dream as being the concept of working hard and doing whatever it takes to achieve prosperity. Perhaps now, you don't need to work hard. With corruption, politics, and immoral actions in today's society, many people only have their eyes on the prize, and not on what it takes to get there. Fitzgerald only saw the start of an ongoing downfall when he forecasted of the decline of the American Dream."
"The Great Gatsby is a beautifully written book. Perhaps its greatest strength lies in the sheer magic of the writing. Fitzgerald spins sentences of such wonder, such clarity and honesty, that we are left to do nothing else but shake our head in amazement. Jay Gatsby may be a great mystery, he may be the Great American Dream personified, but if he sparkles, then the novel itself shines.Nick Carraway has decided, at twenty-nine to 'go East and learn the bond business. Everybody I knew was in the bond business, so I supposed it could support one more single man.' By chance, he finds a cheap house, a 'weather-beaten cardboard bungalow at eighty a month' that is nestled amongst the huge mansions of the rich. He doesn't know it to begin with, but he is neighbours with Jay Gatsby, The Great Gatsby.Gatsby holds parties on the weekends, grand affairs of cocktails and party dresses, his house filled to the rafters with people, some invited, most not. He is endlessly hospitable, allowing his alcohol to be drunk, his food to be consumed, his pool, his books, his home - they are open to his guests. Guests, not friends.He is a mystery. Nobody knows why he has these parties, though everyone attends. Just as nobody knows how he made his money, or who he really is. Gatsby, when he enters Nick's world, refers to him and everyone as 'old sport', a distancing technique that is prevalent throughout the novel. 'It was testimony to the romantic speculation he inspired that there were whispers about him from those who had found little that it was necessary to whisper about in this world.'But he is not completely unknowable, though the romantic beliefs about him are accurately held. No, Gatsby is more and less than the stories that surround him. He is in love, his mansion lies directly across from that of Nick's cousin, Daisy, an old flame he cannot let go. At her jetty a green light winks across the water, and it is this that Gatsby watches on lonely nights, nights which are filled with people who mean nothing, or nights he spends alone.Gatsby is mysterious and alluring while he remains unknown. When his love for Daisy is revealed, he becomes more known and less ethereal, his character growing from an enigma into a person. It adds warmth and humility to his personality, and is something beautiful. 'He had waited five years and bought a mansion where he dispensed starlight to casual moths - so that he could 'come over' some afternoon to a stranger's garden.'But it is when Daisy 'becomes his' that Gatsby's character loses its shine and lowers to the ground. He is now a normal man, with the same strengths and weaknesses as everyone else. Perhaps there are more weaknesses - it is hard to consider cuckolding Tom Buchanan an admirable quality. Gatsby represents the dull, ordinary routine of a dream realised, that failed glow of actualised fantasy.Nick's presence in the story has its own plot, but it runs adjacent to Gatsby. Perhaps Fitzgerald's greatest inspiration was to make Nick a 'supposer', to remove Gatsby from the immediacy of intimate narration and make him the refracted imaginings of Nick. 'I am one of the few honest people I have ever known', Nick says of himself. But Gatsby isn't honest, so how can an honest man understand someone's whose life is built on fantasy and deceit? More importantly, can an honest man understand someone who exists - has created himself - out of a love that has fallen into the past? He can't, which is what makes Gatsby, and Nick, so interesting.Gatsby's love lies in the past. Fitzgerald refrains from sentimentalizing Gatsby as a younger man, but it is evident from the text that the sadness of his - our? - lives comes from an unwillingness to leave the past and live for today, or better yet, the future. Gatsby is sad and melancholy, a friendless man who wants a friend, an unloved man who wants to be loved. But can a man who only looks backward expect love or friendship in people that necessarily live in the now? He can expect it, but it won't happen. Romantic, yes. Fulfilled, never.Fitzgerald's writing is beautiful, both understated and grandiose, mellifluous in its gentle rhythms. 'On the great bridge, with the sunlight through the girders making a constant flicker upon the moving cars, with the city rising up across the river in white heaps and sugar lumps all built with a wish out of nonolfactory money. The city seen from the Queensboro Bridge is always the city seen for the first time, in its first wild promise of all the mystery and the beauty in the world.'It is worth noting the quality of Tony Tanner's introduction in the Penguin Classic edition. He goes to some length to show that part of what makes The Great Gatsby such 'A classic, perhaps the supreme American novel' is what Fitzgerald cut out of the piece, not so much what he left in. He analyses passages in the first draft and their remains in the completed piece - it becomes clear that Gatsby can survive only as a mystery, with as little exposition as possible. So many times, what Fitzgerald cut was explanatory dialogue or comments from Gatsby, which would have dramatically weakened the piece. We cannot and should not know Gatsby, even when he becomes 'known' and explained by the text. He must remain a cipher, such that we can impress upon his impressionable facade anything at all that we wish. I say facade, because we cannot probe deeper into what Gatsby is. The Great American dream? Perhaps - but what is he, even with that? He's a mystery, and so is the dream."
"Gatsby was a bootlegger and a penny stock hustler.  He was ""great"" only in a delusive sense.  Thus the title of Fitzgerald's celebrated novel is ironic, and that is something to keep in mind when reading it.But Gatsby is seen as a step above the tony East Egg society that lived in their plush estates across the Long Island sound from his nouveau riche mansion--at least that is the revelation that narrator Nick Carraway eventually comes to as we learn from his famous line, ""They're a rotten crowd.  You're worth the whole dam bunch put together.""It is ironic and proper that Daisy Buchanan, the wispy, languid and privileged beauty escapes blame for the tragedy near the end of the novel.  It is her class that had always escaped blame, that had always lived on in its narrow-minded, greedy luxury.  We can see their class--the Buchanans and their crowd--as Eloi-like children of the robber barons. Although Gatsby was dishonest and a criminal at least he had some gumption.  And in the end we see he had some sense of integrity and courage as well.He is ""great"" then as compared to the listless, privileged people who had inherited much of the vast wealth that this young nation had accumulated during the westward expansion following the Civil War.  Gatsby's failing and the failure in general of the rich was that they knew not what to do with their leisure and privilege.  Gatsby threw lavish parties and affected an air of mystery while the Buchanans indulged in racist and class war philosophies while they pursued adulterous affairs and the mind-numbing qualities of drunkenness.When I first read this as a young man I thought it was a rather mediocre novel.  The infidelities that so drove the story were commonplace to me at a time past mid-century, and I really missed the deep irony that Fitzgerald intended.  The Great Gatsby was not ""great,"" that much was obvious; but that he was great relative to the Buchanan crowd was what I missed.  He serves not only as the ""up from poverty"" character so often seen in Jazz Age and depression novels, but he is a more deeply realized character.  Not a brutal man like most bootleg operatives, instead he is almost a dilettante bootlegger, yet a hugely successful one, so much so that hardly any of the details of his business now occupy him; indeed one of the reasons that I mistook his character upon a first reading is that the actual reality of the lifestyle of those who fed the speakeasies is not in the novel.  Fitzgerald was more interested in the social life of the degenerates and how they looked upon social climbers like Jay Gatsby.Nick the modest narrator is in-between.  An educated man of the upper middle class, a graduate of Yale, he represents the objectifying device in the novel.  We see everything through his eyes and through his sensibilities.  Initially in ambivalent admiration of both his cousin Daisy and Gatsby, Nick eventually becomes disillusioned with their differing but shallow lifestyles and their shallow values while he comes to realize that while Gatsby is a cut above, he is still a man with a tragically limited vision.In short, The Great Gatsby is an indictment of the Jazz Age and its easy money mentality with attendant moral corruption.  Perhaps this is why it did not sell well when it was published in 1925--the jazz agers were not interested in self-portraits--but now has become a stable of American literature, and certainly Fitzgerald's most read and most celebrated novel.Fitzgerald the man may have borne witness to the excesses of the Roaring Twenties but he did not learn its lessons.  He died young in Hollywood in 1940 of a heart attack, an alcoholic trying to write pot boilers for magazines and scripts for B movies.  The tragedy of Jay Gatsby in some strange way may have foreshadowed the tragedy of F. Scott Fitzgerald."
"This book is part of a four-volume series of books by F. S. Fitzgerald produced by this publisher; the other three being The Last Tycoon, This Side of Paradise, and Tender is the Night.  The Great Gatsby is of course, the most famous of them all, and probably one of the most famous novels of American literature.  Written before the economic growth post WWII brought riches to everyone, this book provided the American masses an in-depth glimpse of the lives and loves of the rich and famous.  The book here revolves around Nick, his friend Jay Gatsby, the love of Gatsby's life, Daisy, and her shallow husband Tom.  Gatsby rose from poverty to become incredibly rich thru means both scrupolous and not, and then spends his thoughts and energies pining after the beautiful Daisy.  Every aspect of his life is devoted to enriching himself and/or his stature in the Long Island community he has transplanted himself into.  All for naught are his efforts as the book ends.This book did not begin that American literary genre of books that critique the rich, but coming out at a similar time as Veblein's ""Theory of the Leisure Class"" this book is the perfect fictional complement to Veblein's nonfiction account of the rich and their vices.  Here, in these pages we see the sins of alcoholism, adultery, pride, arrogance, jealousy, shallowness, and irresponsibility that are allowed by a wealthy lifestyle where much idle time allows for many dishonest thoughts.  At first unpopular, this book eventually became the mainstay of classrooms that it now is.  Hollywood and modern American literature has mimicked the themes and often storylines of this novel; think soap operas, the Kennedys, and Danielle Steele novels.  Overall, the book is a classic, worth reading and having, though it does not get this reviewer's vote as the best book of American literature."
"+++++This interesting novel was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald (1896 to 1940).  It takes place during ""The Jazz Age,"" a term Fitzgerald actually coined.  This period of the early-to-mid-1920s ""was an age of miracles...an age of art...an age of excess, and...an age of satire.""The novel is about Jay Gatsby (whose actual name was James Gatz), a newly wealthy Midwesterner-turned-Easterner who orders his life around one desire: to be reunited with Daisy Fay (she's now married and known as Daisy Buchanan), the love he lost five years earlier.  His quest for the American Dream leads him from poverty to wealth and then into the arms of his beloved.  By the end of the novel, we get to see the ugly side of the American Dream.There are many socially insightful themes evident in the story. Some include (1) wealth (a key theme), (2) superficiality and shallowness (3) selfishness (4) materialism (5) societal expectation (6) societal stratification (7) immorality and (8) appearances.Something else that this novel is known for is its ""breathtaking lyricism.""  As a writer, Fitzgerald is very sensory-orientated.  Here is one small example of his fantastic writing found throughout the novel:""He took out a pile of shirts and began throwing them one by one before us, shirts of sheer linen and thick silk and fine flannel which lost their folds as they fell and covered the table in a many-colored disarray.  While we admired he brought more and the soft rich heap mounted higher--shirts with stripes and scrolls and plaids in coral and apple green and lavender and faint orange and monograms of Indian blue.  Suddenly with a strained sound Daisy bent her head into the shirts and began to cry stormily.""This particular book includes other relevant information and insight about the novel and its author.  The most helpful for me were the ""explanatory notes"" that explained key terms in the novel.  Here is an example:""West Egg/East Egg: The fictionalized geography of [this novel] was based on the actual geography of Long Island and the borough of Queens.  See map [that has the caption ""Long Island: East Egg to Manhattan].""Finally another interesting thing about this particular book is that its cover (displayed above by Amazon) has the original dust cover that was on the first published novel.  This is ""the most celebrated--and widely disseminated--jacket art in twentieth century American literature.""In conclusion, be sure to read this engrossing novel to discover for yourself why ""Fitzgerald stands out as one of the most important American writers of the twentieth century!""  As well, also discover why the social insight found in this novel is still highly relevant for the twenty-first century!!(first published 1925;  this particular novel published 1996;  9 chapters;  175 pages)+++++"
"This book has come back into the limelight in the post-Enron, post-Tyco, post-Refco, post-Worldcom, post-Adelphia world of ethicless business. Like the major rich characters in this novel, today's ruthless robber-barons, cheat on their wives, demean their employees, spend money lavishly on conspicuous consumption. But Gatsby never gave a million dollar party like the head of Tyco did.So much is similar: no one knows where the rich people's money is coming from. Everyone assumes there is something illegal about a few people having all the money and the poor people being pushed further into poverty. But, no one seems to be doing anything about it.When General Motors steps away from its commitment to employee pensions, and United Airlines, and IBM, this book becomes more and more contemporary. Even more so when executive pay rises in the double digits every year. Tom Buchannan, the adulterer in this classic, would fit right into today's business elite.Gatsby himself is mysterious at first, but his background in the First World War is revealed to be similar to that of many of today's veterans who returned from Vietnam, or Iraq, to find that the rules of business had changed, and for the most part, there was no effective enforcement.The real lesson of this book is that the wages of sin is death. Gatsby dies in a case of mistaken identity. His death is triggered by Buchannan's infidelity. This is a message America needs to hear.I had to read this book in high school. And I watched MTV, and the Dukes of Hazzard, and the Flintstones. But that was before Enron. I read this book again after the Internet bubble burst, just like the stock market imploded in 1929, shortly after this book was written, sweeping millions into poverty. And I read it a couple of times since Enron was looted for billions of dollars and sank into bankruptcy, leaving many of its employees without pensions or savings.I think it is a classic because, aside from little things, like air conditioning, which had not been invented yet, the book is as relevant today as it was when it was first published.By the time this book became popular, thousands of people who had hoped to be like Gatsby were living on the streets. If they read the book during the depression they would have been happy that Gatsby got what was coming to him.What will you think of him?"
"With a singular obsession, Jay Gatsby manoeuvers every dollar of his vast fortune to cradle a woman he thinks he loves. Throwing elaborate parties with a guest list that includes anyone who wants to show up, Gatsby builds a mansion just across the way from Daisy, the object of his obsession.Circumstance thwarts all of his goals, the futility of his quest never completely realized. Gatsby is as tragic a character as the inevitability of his failure. Gatsby, ""pa[ys] a high price for living too long with a single dream.""The story is told through the eyes of Nick Carraway, a somewhat solemn and restrained fellow who never really expresses what he wants to say. His virtue, however, is his silence and profound honesty. He says so himself: ""Every one suspects himself of at least one of the cardinal virtues, and this is mine: I am one of the few honest people that I have ever known.""The Great Gatsby is a stunning tale of remarkable poise and literary quality. Fitzgerald is the epitome of the highschool English teachers dream--he appreciates the English language, and takes the standard approach to literature very seriously. The book is a tour de force of depth and contrast, and an exploration of the King's English. The author has taken pains to diversify his word choice, and the texture and depth of his language.Here's a passage that demonstrates Fitzgerald's quality as a writer: ""There was a faint, barely perceptible movement of the water as the fresh flow from one end urged its way toward teh drain at the other. With little ripples that were hardly the shadows of waves, the laden mattress moved irregularly down the pool. A small gust of wind that scarcely corrugated teh surface was enough to disturb its accidental course with its accidental burden. The touch of a cluster of leaves revolved it slowly, tracing, like the leg of transit, a thin red circle in the water.""Yikes. Enough to give you goosebumps, isn't it?Highly recommended, and worth the praise."
"When I learned that the Modern Library Board had selected the Great Gatsby as the second most important novel to be written in the English language in the twentieth century, my first reaction was ""Uh-oh.  What did I miss.""  So, after twenty-five years, I picked up the novel again.  After reading the novel for a second time, even with the Board's lofty ranking always in my mind, my original opinion remained unchanged.Although I have always been astounded by the beauty of some of Fitzgerald's prose, I considered his story of ambition, the ""American Dream,"" and lost love as somewhat trite and predictable.  That opinion did not change with this reading.  I still saw the plot as being too contrived, the characters too thinly drawn, and his theme of the corruption of the ""American Dream"" better handled by Dos Passos, Dreiser or even Nabokov.  So why did the Modern Library give this novel such a high ranking?  I am still unsure.  And I might be so presumptuous as to suggest that even Fitzgerald would be surprised; after all, during his lifetime the book nearly went out of print.  I guess that many critics, following the lead of Lionel Trilling, see the character of Jay Gatsby as standing for America itself, and the novel as the most American of American novels.Even though my opinion of the novel remained the same after two readings, my overall impression of the author grew.  I have always associated Fitzgerald with wealth, as an author with whom I could have no connection.  This prejudice affected my reading of Tender is the Night, and has remained for twenty-five years.  Now I see Fitzgerald in a more human light, a man haunted by the same desires that drove Gatsby, and like his chief character, a man who could not give up his dreams, or his ""old warm world.""  Both Gatsby and the author lived lives of silent desperation, moving slowly toward thier dreams, passing through the ash heaps of American society under the sightless eyes of Dr. T. J. Eckleburg."
"This masterpiece take place in the 1920's in New York's West Egg Village, a suburb of New York City.  The narrator of the story is Nick Carraway, a young man quietly carving out a living selling bonds and securities.  Nick moves into a meager house located next door to the great Gatsby mansion.  Nick is in awe of the fabulous Gatsby home.  Lavish parties are the norm there, with prominent guests coming and going, and music and laughter filling the Long Island air.  Jay Gatsby, however, is a mystery to Nick.Soon Nick receives an invitation from Gatsby himself to attend one of his parties.  People are filled with uncertainty about Jay Gatsby.  How did he become so wealthy?  Where was he from?  Who was he?  Gossip stirred and rumors abounded.Although they were not from the same social circle, Jay Gatsby took an immediate liking to Nick Carraway and befriended him.  But he had other motives too.  Nick was cousin to the beautiful married Daisy Buchanan, a woman who Gatsby once loved and lost.  Through Nick, Gatsby desperately tries to rekindle the romance with Daisy.  At one point Nick tells Gatsby that the past cannot be repeated.  Gatsby's reply is, ""Can't repeat the past?  Why of course you can!""The characters in this book (with the exception of Nick) all share one common thread.  They are striving for more of everything...love, success, money, notoriety, and a sense of self-worth.  Yet they chase after their ambitions blindly.  Feelings are hurt, friendships are destroyed, and tragic events unfold.  What they thought would bring happiness only brings sorrow.Fitzgerald's insight into social interactions is profound.  Through the voice and eyes of Nick, he helps the reader empathize with even the most loathsome characters.  The prose is beautiful and oftentimes heartwrenching.  Even after 75 years, the keen observations made by Fitzgerald (Nick) about people and society ring true today.  History changes, but the human condition holds steadfast.  Unforgettable..."
"Can you imagine a man rummaging through newspapers for years in search of a single name? Can you imagine a millionaire who would give up everything he owns just to be with the girl he loves for another second? Joe Gatsby is such a man. After years of fruitless searching he has finally found the girl again he loves more than life itself; and he is determined to win her back, no matter what the price might be.In my opinion Fitzgerald does do a great job in portraying New York's high society of the 1920's. As the plot carefully unfolds the reader gets to know more and more about the protagonist's past and can consequently form his own opinion not just about Joe Gatsby, but about a whole class of society.I would recommend this book to adults of every age. Fitzgerald uses a variety of different symbols and a rather elevated style which is not always easy to understand upon the first reading. However, I think that one should take the time and let oneself be enchanted by a storey of love and betrayal that will be unlike everything one has read before."
"The book is called the Great Gatsby but the story is really focused on Daisy - surely a precursor for every 1940s femme fatale. She may have been called the original obscure object of desire. Jay Gatsby hungers for a past where he was happy with Daisy. But is she is part of the  moneyed world  which is entered by crime or by inheritance. No one really earns it. Fitzgerald seems at odds with the American dream of wealth, but attracted to the glamour and excess of it.The lack of  a moral compass in financial matters, can also be seen in the directionless lives of the novel's characters. Gatsby uses his fortune in an ill fated attempt to bring back Daisy. The narrator has empty affairs with people in his office. Daisy and Tom `smashed up things and creatures and then retreated back into their money ... and let other people clean up the mess.' The author seems attracted to fame and fortune, and yet horrified by it. There is no moral centre in this universe.A very sad novel that has haunted readers for almost 80 years."
"The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald is a small, quick read classic novel.  While many consider it to be the finest of American novels, I personally didn't find it to rank quite that high.  It is however a very good book, and although I somehow did not read the book until my 30's, I can understand why it is so widely required in many high school and college courses.Mr. Fitzgerald paints a vivid picture of the ""Jazz Age"" of the 1920's and most of the book is centered on New York City and Long Island's North Shore.  I found a lot of parallels to today throughout the book.  The Great Gatsby gives a detailed development of how the never ending quest for material objects and riches can corrupt someone to their soul if a proper grounding in what is truly is important isn't present.Mr. Fitzgerald also provides excellent character development; creating characters that can be rooted for and loathed at the same time.  In the end it is shown how shallow pursuits can lead to a road of destruction and dismay."
"I had to read this book for school. I really enjoyed it and would like to recommend it to anyone who has a dream. The book is very clear and I only had a minor problem with the vocabulary which I found a bit difficult. Apart from that, on the one hand I was very happy to finish reading the book because it was extremely interesting but, on the other hand, I was sad because I had got involved myself with the characters and now I ""miss"" them.  It is important to know what the book is about in order to know why everyone admires its beauty. Fitzgerald wrote this novel as an example of the famous ""American Dream"". The story is based on a man who has devoted his life to the fulfillment of his platonic conception of himself. Jay Gatsby had chosen Daisy to incarnate this dream, but nothing would be easy for him.  The book's plot is well developed and suspense is kept till the last chapter. Moreover, many of you will feel identified with one of the characters and will not regret at all having read ""The Great Gatsby""."
"This is absolutely my favorite novel of all time.  No matter how many times I go back and re-read this book (that I was first introduced to as a sophomore in high school), it never fails to take me to a different time and place.I love the descriptions of the lazy and decadent ways of these characters and the struggle Nick Carroway has to be a part of them.  I love the scandals that are around every curve.  But, most of all, I love the easy-going manner of Gatsby himself.  He's quite possibly the greatest character in all of American literature and I feel that, often times, he's the least appreciated too.I've heard many say that this novel is ""too slow"" or ""too descriptive"".  But, I really feel that Fitzgerald was trying to completely overwhelm the reader with excess.  It's an underlying theme in this novel and his writing style makes the reader feel the fact that money can not buy happiness.  Sure this novel is wordier than some - But there's beauty in each and every carefully chosen one."
"As Americans, we have the God given right to be blond, blue-eyed, rich, beautiful and to get what we want when we want it. It's our Manifest Destiny. Gatsby knew that then. And, we know it now.Much like today, in the America of 1925 all things were possible. The country, having only recently been born yet again following its latest Baptism of Fire, was in its second or third childhood. As in previous reincarnations, progress was fast. The USA was now the most powerful country in the world. Women could vote. Negroes were driving their own cars. Radio, much like the printing press before it and the Internet after it, was providing access to whole new classes of people. Farmers in Iowa.  Pennsylvania Coal Miners. Cowboys. Truckers. They all wanted their piece of the pie. And the pie was growing like wildfire. The stock market was setting record highs on a daily basis. Fully a third of the population was new immigrants. Joe Kennedy, the son of an Irish immigrant, was making his fortune running scotch into the US through Canada. Italian immigrant, Al Capone was getting even richer selling bootleg booze made right here in the good old USA. These newcomers proved that it was possible to get rich overnight. If they could do it, anyone could do it. Why, a poor man could even aspire to becoming president of the USA. Old Abe proved it was possible. In America, a man like Gatsby, if he had enough money, could even win over a Daisy Buchanan. It was possible."
"This book is a literary classic.  This is not difficult for many to recognize, but often this book is used as a required reading assignment in high school and teens don't get the ""Big Picture.""TGG was assigned to me while in highschool.  I made a mad dash for the bookstore to get the Cliff's Notes.  I BS'd my way through a book report and put the class behind me.I just read the book for a college english class.  I'll reiterate what a wonderful book it is.I am left feeling like I should in fact have read it in highschool instead of opting for the Cliff's Notes.  Reading the book in highschool and then again in college would have allowed me to draw a wonderful parallel.  I wish I was able to look back on my views in high school and compare them to my opinions of the book today.Reading TGG in highscool and then in college gives you an oppurtunity to see your maturation first hand!"
"I just finished listening to the unabridged audio version of The Great Gatsby.  I have started listening to the audio version of books, that I may never get time to read, on my drive to and from work each day.I have to say that while listening to ""The Great Gatsby"" I actually loved driving to and from work.  The commute was the best part of the day and strangely I was actually glad when I got caught in traffic.F. Scott Fitzgerald's writting style and use of words was beautiful and the story was very interesting as well.  I found the Great Gatsby's desire and methods to reunite with the lost love from his past quite touching.  The last page of the book was so well written I kept rewinding the tape and listening to it again and again.Don't ask me why I am not giving it five stars.  It was close to five, but just did not make it, and I can't quite put my finger on it."
"I've yet to read a better crafted book than The Great Gatsby. It is simply the most beautiful book you can come across. The prose is gorgeous and deceptively simple, all the more stunning for its simplicity, because it  almost makes you believe you could write a book like this yourself. You can  read the novel on many levels. Few readers can avoid finding symbolism.  Daisy is the untouchable American Dream, perhaps, and Gatsby is the  immigrant who, like all new Americans, throws himself fully into the idea  of America while ignoring or hiding his own and America's reality. The  opulence and decadence of 20s America is brilliantly conveyed, and there is  also a considerably amount of realistic description of the time. The Great  Gatsby more than any other book made me realise just how pervasive and  persuasive the idea of the American Dream is, and just how empty the  reality can often be."
"I read this when I was still an 11th grader in high school. At first I thought it was just going to be another boring book English teachers make you read. However, I was pleasantly surprised to find out that I was completely wrong. I absolutely loved this book. The Great Gatsby does not just contain one genre, but many including lust, desire, lies, murder, acceptance etc. This book contains so much symbolizm, it was difficult to keep track of it all. It felt like every page contained a much deeper meaning, almost as if there was another story behind what I was reading. Gatsby's story, from beginning to end, showed me how much we all have a desire for acceptance into our society, and how money can never really buy you happiness. I would strongly recommend this book to readers looking for something out of the ordinary. This was book seriously makes you think!"
"This book is well written, but much sadder than I remember.  I read it originally as a junior in high school and remember REALLY enjoying it.  Since the movie is coming out in a few days, I decided to reread it.  It was NOT as good as I remember and is, in fact, more of a cautionary tale than anything else.THIS IS NOT A LOVE STORY.I know the previews for the movie make it out to be so, but it is not.  Don't be fooled!  Nick Carraway is our narrator and he does a lovely job or presenting the story of the Great Gatsby to us.This book is a fascinating glimpse into the era of the 1920s, but I'm not sure I'd read it again (though I have already read it more than once).  It's sad, and there's not much to like about any of the main characters - even Nick.  But the second to last chapter will leave your head spinning!"
"The Great Gatsby is a beautifully written story by F. Scott Fitzgerald.  It is narrated by the simple Nick Carraway and tells of the intricate lives of Jay Gatsby and Daisy Buchanan.  Fitzgerald creates a perfect mix of love, happiness, wealth, betrayal, and suspense.  Through the use of the characters and their love, the reader can picture the times of the roaring twenties.  From astonishingly gorgeous parties of the wealthy Jay Gatsby, to the simple beauty and innocence of Daisy, Fitzgerald convinces the reader to truly believe his writing.  He writes with a style that creates beautiful and sometimes frustrating images for the reader.  His descriptions utilize precise detail.  As one reads Fitzgerald's words slipping across the page, one can witness exactly what is being described.  Fitzgerald's techniques of using descriptions and detail prove helpful. Moving beyond style, the book pushes past the basic storyline and becomes very symbolic.  The characters, setting, and events that take place are all telling of the American dream in the twenties.  It depicts people who let wealth determine their lives.  It emphasizes how money and people's desire for money can stand in the way of true happiness.  The Great Gatsby is a well-written novel that creates a telling depiction of life in America in the 1920's."
"This book is one of the true classics of American literature.  There are some who call it ""boring"", ""pretentious"", ""pointless"" and most of all, ""confusing"".  However, the beauty in this masterpiece is Fitzgerald's weaving of what (we can conclude) he may have witnessed in his own life of wealth, carelessness and debauchery.  He had a way of seeing through people's facades and getting to the truth of a person's heart, and then revealing these truths in deceptively simple ways.  There was his genius.Jay Gatsby is one of the great tragic heroes of any time.  He has amassed a great deal of wealth, but doesn't know what to do with it.  He uses it to throw parties for people who don't know him, and who don't care that they don't.  His myth is bigger than he is, and so he doesn't set them straight.  He is a pathetic, lonely creature who comes alive again after he reunites with Daisy, his lifelong love.  But this happiness, too, is elusive and fleeting.  And it is his undoing.My favorite parts of the work are the descriptions of the times, the people, the places.  When reading this book we are afforded the opportunity to cut through the glitzy, glamorous depictions of ""the roaring twenties"", and instead see the darkness, emptiness and loneliness all that glitz was supposed to be covering up."
"Most reviews of this book talk of nothing but the love affair of Daisy and Jay Gatsby.  They never speak of the off balance, really modern relationship of Nick Carraway and Jordan Baker.  Carraway is by far the character to watch, and the one that makes this book interesting.  His constantly changing relationship to Gatsby is strictly human.  Reading this book from the twenties is like reading a book from the nineties.  ""The Great Gatsby"" was far ahead of its time, and so was Nick Carraway and the relationships flooded throughout the book.The gossip aspect is very modern as well.  Everyone at Gatsby's parties follow him around because of mystery.  And that's what Jay Gatsby is about.  Mystery.  Even when the book is over, you never fully understand him.Overall, a great book, but not the best ever."
"My high school English class read this book this year, and at first I figured it would be like the other not-so-interesting books we had read, and that I'd just get the Spark Notes.  However, the few people in the class who had read it before raved about it, so I decided to give it a shot.  I found it a little hard to get into, but as soon as I did I absolutely fell in love with it, and it has become one of my all-time favorite novels.  The honesty and accuracy that Fitzgerald writes with makes The Great Gatsby a timeless piece of literature, and the social comments that Fitzgerald makes are as relevant today as they were in the 1920s.  I can honestly say that The Great Gatsby allowed me to see society in a way I never had before.  If you read only one book this year, make it The Great Gatsby."
"Amazon.com, I don't know what was wrong with the last 2 reviews I left.  Hopefully, you'll print this one!This book may have been written 80 years ago to this writing, but the message is no less relevant.  Greed and  the lust of power are dangerous.  Our hero Jay Gatsby becomes a victim to  the American Dream.  All because he has a crush on the conceited airhead  Daisy Buchanan.  The problem is that Daisy is already married to arrogant  rich bully Tom Buchanan.  Nick Carraway, the narrator of the story, remains  Gatsby's only true friend.  It is not for nothing Nick tries to warn Gatsby  of the so-called upper class: ""They're a worthless lot!  You're worth  the whole d___ group put together!"""
"F. Scott Fitzgerald is a pure genius.  The Great Gatsby was beatifully written and completely captured the 1920s and its American Jazz Age.  On the surface, Fitzgerald's novel seemed simple, but after a months study on  it the book revealed so much more.  Only a literary mastermind could have  come up with such a subtle novel that came to be more complex and  insightful than expected.  Fitzgerald's characters is what brought life to  the book.  Nick, being the narrator, showed sensibility in the novel.  Although Nick represented the middle class people striving to  upgrade  their status, he maintained his ground.  Through the experiences that he  had gone through being with the high society, there was a major turning  point for him.  Nick realized that that corrupt and shallow class had  absolutely no morals.  From there he moved back West, too afraid that he  may experience what Gastby had experienced.  Jay Gatsby on the other hand,  was somewhat of an honorable mystery.  He was a mystery because he was  never seen directly, but mainly through other peoples perceptions.  Nobody  really knew him as a person and nobody knew his identity.  Although, Gatsby  was on a quest in search of something that meant his whole life to him.  He  wanted to re-live the past that he had with Daisy and didn't stop for a  second to come back to reality no matter what other people had told him.  Now Daisy was simply a basketcase and represented her society quite well.  She was materialistic and extremely shallow, thus the name Daisy.  She had  played with people's minds and seemed to play with her own mind at the same  time.  The novel just came together very well with the connection of the  seasons to Gatsby's dream to even the slightest detailing of the colour of  clothing and even the vehicle's interior. F. Scott Fitzgerald's novel was  very insightful and well-crafted, but before making any first judgements  after reading it thorough research will make you believe how great The  Great Gatsby truly is."
"Don't get me wrong I have a tender spot in my heart for Gatsby, but I try not to kid myself that it is one of the greatest American novels of all time. No what it is is one of the most accessible serious American novels  of this century.  This said it must be acknowledged that serious flaws  exist in this novel. The style and structure are self deluding in that they  hark to established reader responses. Nick is  a crutch for Fitzgerald in  that he needed this neighbour character to make the distant yet close tone  of the novel easy to write...this character device is old hat, check out  any of the more noirish so called pulp novels of contemporaneous times.  Indeed the whole cast are just finely worked cliches (and it is not just  that they have become so due to TGG's popularity) and an excuse for  Fitzgerald to address what he is really after the American dream. Oh well  it is just this atmosphere that we're after as readers, we love it and  can't get enough of it. The problem is that we then pat ourselves on the  back and say we're reading a masterpiece. No a masterpiece causes us to  question deeply our own held beliefs and offers insight, not as the GG does  which is serve up ideas which are just ever so slightly below the surface  in everyone...No it is just too easy, the ideas are never really  represented on several intellectual fronts so that when we finish the gg we  cannot help but have on some level an empty feeling. Maybe as a  cynical/demanding reader I'm the outsider, but this book always leaves we  looking for more. More than the trite Nick can hand me anyway."
"This is one of those books that has become immortal because it perfectly captures an era. The 1920's were perhaps the most exciting decade of the previous century in America (rivaled only by the 1960's), and this book showcases its excesses in all their glory. We see the rich person, and what money can do to you. We see how love can not only change a man's life, but also take it away from him. We see interactions between different social classes. We see how the amounts of excess in the 20's reached such a zenith that people would actually hold huge parties for multitudes of people at their houses that they not only didn't know, but would never even meet. This book, on the surface, is a love story, but it also has deeper revertebrations. It's a tragedy. It's poetry. It's a warning about the false luster of the American dream. The plot in this story is wonderful and perfectly thought out. The writing style is very, very smooth and actually acutely beautiful. It's a beautifully written book - almost like prose at times, but very literate. It's probably Fitzgerald's masterpiece. This is a book that you can't afford to skip over when reading your way through the American classics."
"I was first assigned ""The Great Gatsby"" in college but I hate being ""assigned"" a book and held off reading it until now.I am very happy I came back to this book, truly a classic.  It is not your classic love story and Fiztgerald captures the snobby life of these rich people perfectly.  He brings them down to human levels despite all their riches and shows how we all suffer the same regardless of our monetary value.The first chapter or two can be a bit of a challenge to get through since it deals mostly with the setting up of their snobby environments, but if you stick with it puts everything into perspective further in the book.Without giving anything away, it had one of the best ending I have ever seen (or read rather).  You read this book and never truly know how you felt about the characters, wether you loved them or hated them, at the end, all you can do it pity people like them."
"No wonder this book was rated #2 on the top 100 American novels of the  century.  This is a true gem.  Although not a fast paced book, the beauty  of the story is the way it flows.  The naration is written with pure  emotion. The ending is true literary magic. This novel will capture you  unless you refuse it with stubborn thoughts of boredom.  Keep in mind  before you decide to read this book that it is not an adventure or sci-fi  blitz.  If you miss the art of the writting, the way Fitzgerald selects  specific words for specific intentions, you will miss the heart of this  novel. This is a novel that should be read for it's art but don't be  fooled, there is nothing boring about this book.  It  sets the bar that all  novel should be judged by.  Without a doubt the absolute best of the  American classics that i have read to date.  Highest possible  recommendation."
"It is generally assumed by many that a book being considered a 'classic' is good enough reason to readit. This frequently is not the case, as everyone's idea of a classic is different. However, in the case of  ""The Great Gatsby"", I would state that this book should be read  by all.It tells the seperate stories of a number of people, but its  focal point is the hidden love Jay Gatsby holds for Dasiy Buchanan -  married, elegant and charismatic. As Gatsby pursues shady deals and his  doomed obsession with Daisy, F. Scott Fitzgerald distills the essence of  the Jazz Age and the empty heart of the American Dream. The novel is  tragic, yet witty, with people and stories that tend to linger in the  readers mind long after the book has been put down.Wonderful."
"I have just finished this book and it is a very pleasant read. The 1920's have always intruiged me and this book has made me even more hungry for stuff from this decade. I love Mr. Fitzgerald's method of writing, almost poetic in nature but borderline overly-sentimental (although the Age of Excess as the 20's were deemed may have aided in this extra drama).The way Fitzgerald characterized the rich is also very interesting. From Tom Buchanan to Jordan Baker, these rich social elites are wonderfully crafted with complex personalities. I love it! I also enjoy the the descriptive detail given to each scene...its amazing.Overall..a stunning piece of work that I would readily reccommend."
"The quality of F. Scott Fitzgerald's immortal masterpiece is so self-evident that it would be almost hubris for me to comment on it--those of you who had it imposed on you during high-school owe it to yourselves to taste it again as free-willing adults.Still, here are a couple words on The Great Gatsby (the book) for the benefit of those who have not read it. This work has become one of the literary symbols of the Jazz Age: it deals with the friendship between the narrator, honest and prudent Mr. Carraway, and Jay Gatsby, the young millionaire whose mansion on the New York sound is the theater of dazzling and fashionable parties.But who is Gatsby? How does he make his money? What in his mysterious past links him to Mr. Carraway's circle? And what shape will Gatsby's future take once his quest to revive ghosts of the past succeeds? The story unfolds on a powerfully dramatic stage--one that now breathes fashionable inanities on a young flapper's golden hair, now heaves with powerful omens that carry the story forward with inexorable force.Indeed, trying to describe this book and what makes it so magnetic is a monumental task, surely not the province of a review on its audio-CD version. So I will confine the next part of the review to Robbins' performance and the set as a whole.I find that Fitzgerald's prose possesses a particular melodic quality; this is why it is very effective when it's read aloud--especially by a professional actor. I am not a great consumer of audiobooks, but I find that Tim Robbins' interpretation of this classic is superb. You never have the feeling that you are being ""read to"" - he acts the novel out in a manner reminiscent of the radio-drama performers of the olden days.The point-of-view character of Mr. Carraway is interpreted in Robbins' normal voice (as it should be), while the other personae are colored by the tasteful addition of well-chosen idiosyncrasies. For instance, the voices of the two main female characters (both from Kentucky in the story) are rendered with a pleasing Southern inflexion. Furthermore, the reading is never  rushed, and a judicious use of pauses, hesitations and other acting devices make the words come alive in what is in my opinion a very successful edition.Also a nice touch are the glimmers of 1920's dance-music played at the beginning and at the end of each CD, as well as the informative background on the novel's history (in Fitzgerald's own words) at the very end.Recording quality is very good, and chapters are easily found by choosing between tracks. Overall, I found this edition to be very well put together, and I am extremely happy to have it in my CD collecion....There was music from my neighbor's house through the summer nights..."
"This review is about the edition of this book (Trans Atlantic Press), not about The Great Gatsby (which is an amazing piece of literature worth well in excess of five stars!). I spotted over a dozen typographical and punctuational errors in this edition of The Great Gatsby that were distracting to say the least. Do not purchase this edition and instead go with the superior edition from Scribner. The Great Gatsby"
"The greatness of The Great Gatsby is layered; there are elements of the mechanics by Fitzgerald that are unmatched and then there are the characters and the story and the setting. It is a masterpiece; I first read the book years ago and only in time after re-visiting it and re-reading do you get what Fitzgerald was going after. It is relatively short for a novel yet it is an epic in ideas and idealism centering around the American Dream. The characters described; Daisy, Nick, tom, Gatsby; they are richly portrayed in their own ways. Fitzgerald is a master in setting the scene; each desire, emotion and quest bouncing off of one another in the place where all dreams face off: West Egg. This is a must read."
"The language of this incredible book is rich and tangible.  As the background of each scene is subtly created through descriptions of colors, tones and textures, all the strange and brightly colored building blocks of  a masterpiece are set in place.  It is a book full of the dismal philosophy  of early 20th century America and full of the irridescent vitality of human  passion and pain.  I was hesitant to read it at first because of its  overexposure--it seemed as though everyone had the same things to say about  it.  But last year, as a junior, I did finally read it and now that I have,  I can only heartily agree with everything I've heard--this is one of the  greatest books of our century."
"The story takes place in the early 1920's on Long Island. The narrator is Nick Carraway who has just arrived from the Midwest to work as a bond salesman. He visits his cousin Daisy who is married to a wealthy college acquaintance named Tom Buchanan. Nick also soon meets his neighbor, Jay Gatsby, who has made a fortune through questionable means and has moved to Long Island in an attempt to revive an old romance with Daisy.Gatsby knew Daisy before World War I.At Gatsby's suggestion, Nick arranges a reunion between the two former lovers. As the romance is rekindled a tragedy unfolds involving Gatsby, Nick, Daisy, Tom and Tom's mistress as well as her husband.THE GREAT GATSBY is a short book but Fitzgerald manages to create some complicated and interesting characters. Of course the most intriguing is Gatsby who is an incorrigible romantic dreamer with an insane desire to relive the past.THE GREAT GATSBY is also an entertaining book which deserves its high rank among American novels written during the early part of the last century."
"By avoiding period references, Fitzgerald's brief fable of doomed love and the American psyche takes on a dream-like, ageless quality.  His attention to details of characterization, rather than setting, avoid dating the book and help give  Gatsby as much significance in our time as it had in the Roaring 20's.Reading this novel, one is struck by the references to disturbing trends in our own times:  the ""nouveau riche"" and their desperate search for meaning in their lives, shady fortunes won and lost on the stock market overnight, andthe frenzied quest for personal satisfaction while  ignoring the needs of those around us.Yet Gatsby is redeemed -- as we all are, as America has been for over 200 years --  by his belief in a better future, a perfect life that is always just around the corner.  It is this quality which ultimately makes us understand and love Jay Gatsby. It is most certainly what draws me back to this slim, quiet book year after year,with so many other bigger, louder books clamoring to be read."
"Stop being retroactively pissed at your high school freshman English teacher and just admit it: The Great Gatsby is a damn fine novel. This is the third time I've read it (first and third for fun, the second for the aforementioned English teacher, who did indeed manage to suck the joy out of it), and I'm still struck by two things:1) That Daisy Fay is easily the most contemptible female character in literature since Catherine Earnshaw.2) That Jordan Baker's story of how most people (including herself) are ""careless drivers"" truly shaped my worldview growing up. She ain't wrong.Get over the acne flashbacks and give this one another chance."
"Contrary to some of the other reviews, I thought this book was great, and  you don't need to be an accomplished reader to enjoy this book. I read this  in fifth grade and everyone liked it. Sure not everyone caught the true  meaning of the book when they first read it but when they did, they  realised that they were reading a truly good piece of literature. When you  read each page you can tell that the author has put alot of time and  thought into this book. This book isn't for people who want a fast, action,  packed read. It takes some time and thought to finish the book as you mull  over each page. If you're looking for a great classic, then read The Great  Gatsby."
"Written in the 1920's, F. Scott Fitzgerald's 240 page novel, ""The Great Gatsby,"" tells of a love story gone wrong caused by the desire for material objects.  The story describes Mr. Gatsby's life as he tries to regain his past love, Daisy, who left him because he was not wealthy enough.  She, as well as many of the characters in the book, was only concerned with wealth, so she married another man for his riches.  Mr. Gatsby tries to do everything to regain her love.  He spends his whole life becoming wealthy so that he may sweep her off of her feet and get the past back.  Mr. Gatsby is a foolish man trying to repeat the past, who does not realize how superficial and shallow Daisy is.  He is only concerned with her beauty.  The storyline of this book is shaped similar to a believable soap opera because of all the lying and cheating that is going on between many of the characters.  This book is full if symbolism, which cleverly reveals many different aspects of the story and characters.  Several of the examples of symbolism are so subtle that they require a second or third reading to even notice them.  This great love tragedy is smoothly written with a storyline that leaves you desiring to read further.  This story is thought provoking and simply amazing.  This is a brilliant novel and I recommend it to everyone.  ""The Great Gatsby"" is a timeless classic written by an incredible writer."
"I'm somewhat taken aback by the number of negative reviews of a work that has a quite well-deserved reputation as a classic of American literature.  Its prose may seem dated to the MTV generation, but it was certainly ""modern"" for its time.  Treating ""Gatsby"" as a curious historical or sociological artifact misses all but the bare surface of the work.  I recommend a careful re-reading to those who found it difficult to digest - perhaps paying more attention to how Gatsby's dream shaped what he did throughout his life, and what the final result might tell us about human nature in the context of the American ethos."
"This is another classic that everyone should read again - after having read it the first time in jr. high school - as an adult in order to truly appreciate it.The story is now part of American Mythology: Jay Gatsby, mysterious millionaire, Oxford graduate, WWI hero, is actually a naive midwesterner, recreated and transplanted in Long Island to regain the love of his Fantasy Golden Girl. What he should have known but didn't is that rich girls don't marry poor boys.Gatsby is American ingenuity, determination, zest for life and innocence ripped asunder by American cynicism, banal materialism and bigotry."
"F. Scott Fitzgerald's timeless classic is evocative, stirring and unsettling.  I had not read this book in thirty years and decided to re-read it while looking for another book at the library.  I can now understand why leading experts believe this is one of the best if not the best American novel in the last one hundred years. It has it all: lost love, class struggle, deceit, betrayal and murder.  Fitzgerald's descriptive prose is exquisite.  His imagery shines every step of the way.  I highly recommend reading this great American novel!"
"I have always looked forward to reading the classic book The Great Gatsby by  F. Scott Fitzgerald. When I finally had time to read it, I wasn't disappointed. The Great Gatsby, written in 1925, is a fictional tale that takes place during the American Jazz Age. The story is set in the eastern U.S. and follows the journey of a young man named Nick.  The book trails Nick from his home in the West to his new life in West Egg, New York. Nick becomes involved in the social scene is West Egg, which is mainly centered on the weekly extravagant parties thrown by the incredibly wealthy and strangely mysterious Jay Gatsby. As the book progresses, Gatsby's past is slowly unraveled. Nick witnesses Gatsby's gradual admittance of his significant secret. He discovers that Gatsby is deeply in love with Daisy Buchanan, a beautiful socialite, trapped in a miserable marriage to an unfaithful husband.  Though Nick does not want to be involved in any way with the illicit love affair between Daisy and Gatsby, he is gradually takes a larger part in Gatsby and Daisy's dangerous romance. When Jay and Daisy decide to declare their love to one another, it leaves Gatsby in an unforgettable and risky situation that changes the lives of all involved.  The Great Gatsby was one of the most interesting books that I have ever read.  It included a beautiful love story, danger, suspense, tales of true devotion and friendship, and a wonderful, thought-provoking commentary on the society in post-World War I America, a time of excess and confusion. I have learned several lessons from the novel, whether they are about loyalty or remaining true to oneself. I would recommend this book to anyone above the age of thirteen because of some parts of the novel that might be difficult to grasp. The Great Gatsby is a truly wonderful book, and sure to be enjoyed by many for many years to come."
"I have always thought The Great Gatsby a near perfect novel; therefore, I am dismayed at the many unfavorable reviews here on Amazon. How can any reader not appreciate its exquisitely rendered Jazz Age setting? Its beautiful first-person narration by Nick Carraway? Its doomed love affair between bootlegger, Jay Gatsby, and lovely socialite, Daisy Buchanan? The lyrical prose style of F. Scott Fitzgerald? Yes, the characters are shallow (as many privileged young people can be). Yes, the author can be oblique (as many great writers are). But since the novel is about the American Dream, I think these perceived flaws are not flaws at all, but are instead fitting testament to the elusiveness of that Dream, an elusiveness captured with near perfection by F. Scott Fitzgerald."
"I like to think of myself as an open-minded person, willing to embrace any good story that comes into my life, as long as there is some meaning behind it.  Hell, there doesn't even have to be a profoundly deep meaning hidden within a novel for me to like it, just as long as there is some redeeming value to it all.  The Great Gatsby has neither enjoyment nor meaning, despite what all the critics and analysts may think.  Of course, that is only my opinion and I can't tell others what to think.When I began reading The Great Gatsby, my opinion of it was entirely neutral, (as it goes with every novel I read).  I knew that it was considered a masterpiece.  I saw that it was number two on the Modern Library's 100 greatest novels.  Yet, I didn't roll into my reading with extremely high expectations; I just let the book speak for itself, as the pages unfolded in front of my eyes.The Great Gatsby is told from the point of view of Nick Callaway, a middle class man who moves back East into a wealthy neighborhood.  The book opens with him at his cousin's house.  A small get together is in progress, and we are introduced to some of the main characters.  We meet Tom, an athletic, hot tempered, adulterous man.  We meet Daisy, Tom's wife, a cheerful and rather innocent girl.  Finally, we meet Jordan.  Jordan is Daisy's good friend, a rather gossipy and dishonest woman.  They drone on about nothing in particular and the first scene ends.In the scenes that follow we encounter Jay Gatsby, who is supposedly the hero of the story.  He is the American Dream.  He is the typical ""rags to riches"" story some of us might envy.  He is a very mysterious man, and rumors fly in every which way about him.  Rumors such as how he inquired his money and where he came from.  He throws large parties and invites Nick to them, along with countless other shallow people whom Gatsby has no interest in.The reason Gatsby engages in all these parties and hoopla, is an attempt to win back the love of his past, Daisy, (Tom's wife).  He has acquired all this money and attempts to take her from her husband Tom.  Tom, meanwhile, has a mistress across town that he uses for sex and is quite abusive towards.Well, all the parties and conversations eventually lead up to the climax at the end of the novel.  I won't reveal too much except for the fact that a lot of sparks fly between Tom, Daisy, Tom's mistress (Mrs. Wilson) and the mistress's husband, Mr. Wilson.  If I were to say anything else it might ruin it for you.  Although by that time, if you are like me, you won't really care.  The narrator, Nick, meanwhile just fades into the background and tells us the story in an offhanded kind of manner.The Great Gatsby fails on so many levels.  I don't know where to start.  The novel is supposed to be highly symbolic.  I have nothing against symbolic novels, I usually adore them, but in this case it was different.  I read the Cliff Notes and it still did not change my opinion.  What good are symbols when their meaning doesn't really add to the depth or meaning of the story?Another major failure is the dismal writing style.  I couldn't stand it.  To me, it seemed Fitzgerald just wanted to show off his vocabulary.  I don't have a problem with that, but he mixes words together in a rather strange and incoherent fashion, which does not make a whole lot of sense or add any power whatsoever to the story.  Another failure: The characters are extremely one dimensional.  I didn't feel like I really knew any of them by the time the novel was complete, and I certainly did not care about them.That brings me to my final failure of the novel that I will mention: the ending.  I have said this in other reviews I have written.  How am I or why should I care when tragic events occur to characters that I don't even care about?  It is impossible.  I really didn't care about anyone in this book, because the author did not shape and mold them into the vivid, memorable characters we read about in so many other masterpieces.  Endings like this always worsen the overall credibility of a novel when adequate preparation has not been put in place, as if the author is trying to manipulate us into thinking how grand of an ending it was.  Tragedies are great, if they have been properly framed and constructed from the beginning of the novel.The Great Gatsby has been said to mean things varying from ""Social Stratification"" to ""Religion"", to the seven deadly sins, and so on.  Rest assured that I don't rely on others to tell me whether or not a novel is great.  I did not hate this book, but as a ""classic"", it fails miserably, and it was not enjoyable to read.  In my eyes, it is a shame that a book so mediocre can place number two on any list, let alone be considered one of the greatest books of all times.  If I had to some up The Great Gatsby in one word, it would be ""empty.""  If I could have one more word it would be ""hollow.""  You be the judge.  The only thing more mysterious than Jay Gatsby, and his infamous title, is the fact that this tale could be considered great by anyone.Grade: C-"
"The first time I encountered ""The Great Gatsby"" it was as an assignment in a high school English class.  My recent re-read occurred after my son had read it in his high school English class.  The reread brought back memories of a form of academic study from which I have been separated for many years.""The Great Gatsby"" is an excellent book in which to study the writer's art.  In this short book the reader can detect a collection of symbolic details which make the story much more than the tale which appears on the surface: the ash heap, as a symbol of the waste of American society; the green light on Daisy's dock, which means so much to Gatsby as a symbol, until he again meets Daisy, when it again becomes, for Gatsby, as for everyone else, just a light.The characters all play their roles in the development of the story.  Shallow figures fill Gatsby's parties, but show their true level of concern for him when they all absent themselves from his funeral.  The class distinctions between Daisy, a true upper class maiden, who can never lower herself to accept Gatsby, the aspirant to a class rank which wealth and parties cannot buy.  Gatsby's source of wealth is hinted at by his association with Meyer Wolfsheim, the gambler who fixed the World Series.  Like others, he will associate with Gatsby in life, but has no time for him in death.The unnatural core of Gatsby's world is illustrated by his act of moving east, rather than the traditional westward migration,  in order to achieve freedom and advancement.Tom and Daisy Buchanan represent old money, which will not accept Gatsby and, in the end, destroys him.Nick Carraway is the one character in the book who develops his own moral sense.  His role as narrator permits us to see Gatsby's world through his eyes.  It is he who sees, and is repelled by, the rotten cores of Gatsby and the worlds in which lives and into which he aspires.  He sees the corruption deep inside Tom and Daisy Buchanan.  Most of all, we see the innate goodness in Tom.  Observing, but not entering Gatsby's world, he is able to understand and judge it.  His final evaluation of Gatsby's world is seen when he abandons it all to return to his native Midwest.As I re-read ""The Great Gatsby"" I remembered what I had not liked about it the first time I read it.  The causal acceptance of infidelity seems at odds with what I have always viewed as the ideal as well as the reality.  As one studies the commentaries of this book, with all of its symbolisms, I often wonder if the symbols were really in F. Scott Fitzgerald's mind as he wrote the book, or whether they are constructs of later commentators.  Either way, they give the book a depth which so many others lack.  When my son speaks of other books he reads in English class, he always says ""It's no Great Gatsby.""  The more I think of it, few of novels are."
"It's what's not written and the hidden, subtle meanings between the lines and the potent reaction of the reader that makes this book one of the classics of American Literature, that and Fitzgerald's elegant, almost dance-like, symbolic and deep prose; yes, many might react surprisingly at the word ""deep"" to describe The Great Gatsby, but many simply did not see that- in portraying the shallowness of the characters, the fast-paced 1920's eastern life of the rich and notorious, and the struggles of one man-Gatsby-to rise above his past and ancestry and misplacing his meaning in life to one, undeserved woman-a well-hidden depth of meaning and understanding of what mankind should strive for and unfortunately what most miss was clearly pointed out in the novel.As I read other reviews, I concluded that many misunderstood this novel and it took a Kid Review to understand the main theme of the book: as we try to look into the future-be it for our ambitions, fulfillment, happiness, or love- and turn our dreams into realities-as Gatsby so desperately strived for-you are forever thrown back into your past that has been forgotten by many, for your past shapes the paths you take, your past and past decisions leave their marks and has often dire consequences on your present and future life. It is a message to be cautious and savor yesterday so that you do not fall and regret tomorrow. It is in this essence that Gatsby stood out from the others in the story and met a tragic fate at the hands of the careless, shallow, rich and the confused. Who Gatsby was, his flaws, and misplaced love fore Daisy was of no consequence, that was not Fitzgerald's point and many missed it by looking solely at the plot and shallow characterizations and dialogue.While Fitzgerald pointed out many obvious human traits-snobbery, excessive romanticism, carelessness of others' feelings, betrayal, and the shallow curiosity of other people's dramas, as well as the social discrepancies between the rich and the poor scornfully and with distaste, he was barely skimming through the true meaning of his novel.It was not a coincidence that the first 3 settings of the novel mirrored the last 3 settings of the story, in which the past meets the present and affects the future of every main character. The mirror image of the beginning and end of the novel closes the dramas that had unfolded so successfully and so unexpectedly you have to give pause, and with awe come to appreciate the genius of the writingAnd if that still leaves you confounded of what had just happened, it is in the first 2 pages and in the last 2 pages that Fitzgerald bluntly  voices what he truly desires for the reader to understand.Anyone giving this novel a bad review simply did not understand it."
"Personally this is the second time I have read The Great Gatsby, the first time in college and now 20 plus years later.  I had remembered the main storyline but had forgotten what a good read the book can be.  Fitzgerald provides a nicely written, not overly long or multifaceted story that is full of complexity and insight into America in the 1920s (and in some ways today).Everyone's life in the story seems to be based on or involves a lie (Tom and Daisy in their marriage, Daisy in her role in the death of Myrtle, Jordon's success in her profession, Myrtle and Wilson in their marriage, Meyer Wolfsheim's notoriety, and of course Gatsby in his whole being).  Even Myrtle's sister Catherine, a minor character, lies when arriving at the site of her sister's death.  All of these lies exist under the ever vigilant eyes of Dr. T. J. Eckleburg, though no one seems to have any reservation about being watched.  Nick, our narrator, claims he is one of the few honest people he has ever known.  Yet he is complacent and allows the lies to occur and, in some cases, is an actual accomplice in the carrying forth of many of the lies.  Does this make him a liar, or worse.Though ultimately a story, or statement, about 1920's America the story contains a timeless theme, true wealth can correct a lot of wrongs.  Tom and Daisy left a horrible trail behind them.  Their wealth will allow them to move forward with little to no impact.  While many of the others are not poor they lack the means, financially and mentally, to move forward the way Toms and Daisy's wealth allows them to do.Was Jay Gatsby great as supposed in the title, I don't know.  Nick seemed to have been converted to believing so at the end after despising him earlier.  Better than the whole lot he states.  But can some who is completely a fabrication be great?  The obvious answer is yes as we have seen it through the ages but I don't know about Gatsby.Enjoy the book.  It's a great read that has multiple layers."
"The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald is one of my all time favorite novels. I have read it a few times and decided I would like to have an audio copy for my car. I should have heeded the advice of another reviewer who complained of Tim Robbins' reading of the characters.First of all, he gave every single woman character a dimwitted Southern accent while most of the men had a New York accent.While I admit the characters were written as somewhat vain and shallow,  they were not intended to sound perpetually drunk and/or stupid. He did a fine job as Nick Carraway, the narrator, but to hear this guy do Gatsby is a disappointment to say the least. To hear Tim Robbins tell it, Gatsby sounds like each breath is to be his last as if he is suffering the onset of a stroke or some such unpleasantness. Also, he is a little sloppy when switching from dialogue to regular prose.I still enjoyed the CD because the story is so phenomenal, but a different reader would have made it much better.On another note however, the sixth and final CD contains the readings of some of F.Scott's letters to publishers and others writers etc... The reader is someone else (sorry, I forget the name) and he does a nice job of the readings. One feels as though they are listening to the real Fitzgerald. For diehard fans, this little extra makes the whole thing worth the $19.I hate to rip on Robbins as I find him to be an excellent and versatile actor, this however, is simply not his cup of tea."
"I suspect that there are three types of readers.1) People who read just to read a good story2) People who read for the beauty of the prose and the beauty of the way the story is told3) People who are a combination of bothI myself am #1. I like to read an interesting story that keeps thrilled and entertained. I am trying to also become more like #2, but I haven't got there yet. The story in the book was mildly interesting. That is why I gave the book three stars. It was easy to follow, but still only mildly interesting. I guess as I study literature more, I will come back and reread this book."
"The wonder of F. Scott FitzGerald's magnum opus is that he has created a great mirror for any individual looking into it. Therefore, a god can see a god and a fool can see a fool. Reading the various reviews from a wide  variety of supposed learned individuals, I must say that this masterpiece  is not just a well written story or even art, but a great mirror that can  reflect whatever an individual may have to offer to oneself. Within each of  us, live all the characters that appear in this novel (if we're lucky) from  Jay Gatsby to George Wilson. Obviously, some readers (amazon reviewers  included) have lost key characters far too early in their life. The style  and language of the story is both engaging and active. It stimulates the  mind of the reader to create and not just follow, as most common writers  will have us do. In a world of sheep that think themselves as wolves, this  work may seem less than satisfying. Being given the opportunity to look  into a mirror and truly look at ourselves verses shown an idealistic  picture and told that that image is we, many will chose the latter. History  has shown that most people prefer the illusions of life. As J.D Salinger  simply put it ""They're all a bunch of phonies..."""
"I found it practically impossible to enjoy this book because it is about shallow, careless and carefree people. Because the characters are extremely dull and flippant about life, I found the book itself to be a dull read. It  was like trying to swallow terrible tasting medicine. This book certainly  does not attempt to tackle any of life's problems. I give this book two  stars rather than one, however, because Fitzgerald deserves credit for the  mystical, beautifully flowing,light, prose which he uses. I particularly  enjoyed the beginning of the chapter of the garden party at Gatsby's  mansion, as well as the end of the novel."
"I am shocked by the negative reviews of this claasic of American fiction. Before you embarrass yourself by knocking this book, please keep in mind that it was #2 on the 20th century fiction list  For those of you with your nose too deep in the  Grisham and King to see for yourself, let me point out a few things that  make this such a great book.First please note the economy of the words of  the storytelling and the lyrical language used by Fitzgerald. It is a novel  that tells a remarkable story without a single excess word. (S. King take  note---a book does not have to be 1000 pages---get an editor, Big Guy) Also  note the the cleverness of having the narration from Nick's point of view,  which adds a lot to the book because of the interplay between Nick and  Gatsby. Notice also how  Fitzgerald handles the timeless themes of money,  power and class, while telling a great story.  Even if you don't have  time to read the whole book, just read the last page. It's as good as  anything that has ever been written.Hope you enjoy it!"
"I haven't read Fitzgerald's 'The Great Gatsby' in almost two years.  I picked it up again, to-day, though, and realized the truth of the notion that one learns something new each time one returns to a book.  'The Great Gatsby' just is a novel that must be returned to periodically to appreciate it properly.While the characters in the novel remain ultimately unknowable at their indefinite cores, Fitzgerald does a great job tying his characters to their historical setting.  The protagonist of the novel, to my mind, is Nick Carraway, the narrator.  The hero of his story, which frames the novel, is the legendary Jay Gatsby - a legend in his own mind.  Although Carraway's narration is often heavily biased and unreliable, what emerges are the stories of a set of aimless individuals, thrown together in the summer of 1922.  Daisy Buchanan is the pin that holds the novel together - by various means, she ties Nick to Jordan Baker, Tom Buchanan to Jay Gatsby, and Gatsby to the Wilsons.The novel itself deals with the shallow hypocrisies of fashionable New York society life in the early 1920's.  It is almost as though Fitzgerald took the plot of Edith Wharton's 'The Age of Innocence' and updated it - in the process making the characters infinitely more detestable and depriving it of all hope.  Extramarital affairs rage on with only the thinnest of veils to disguise them, the nouveau-riche rise on the back of scandal and corruption, and interpersonal relationships rarely signify anything permanent that doesn't reek of conspiracy.  The novel's casual allusions to beginnings and histories often cause us to reflect on the novel's historical moment - when the American Dream and Benjamin Franklin's vision of the self-made man seem to coalesce in Jay Gatsby, a Franklinian who read too much Nietzsche.No matter how you read it, 'The Great Gatsby' is worth re-reading.  M.J. Bruccoli's short, but informative preface, and C. Scribner III's afterword are included in this edition, and both set excellent contexts, literary, personal, and historical, for this classic of American literature."
"Jay Gatsby. The most sophisticated, popular, extravagant man on West Egg Island. The host of lavish, extraordinary parties, sprawled across the gardens of his enormous house, filled with aristocrats, vibrant colors,  jazz music, laughter, and the tinklin of glasses. A personable young man if  there ever was one. A friend to all, and fond of calling them ""old  boy."" And above all, an Oxford man. Or is he? For it seems one can  never fully trust Gatsby and the stories of his past. The occasional  uncertainty  d hesitancy in his voice, as well as frequent inquiries,  investigations, and juicy rumors, contradict the his words.  Jay Gatsby  is the hero of F. Scott Fiztgerald's classic, The Great Gatsby, an  captivating novel full of intertwining stories and characters, and the  revelation of the first connection is intriguing enough to leave the reader  begging for the next. A won rful story, The Great Gatsby is laced with  mystery, and spiced with a dash of romance.  The tale unfolds  itself in 1922, on the Long Island provinces of West and East Egg Island,  the latter being the more fashionable of the two, and the island where  Daisy and Tom Bucanan reside. Daisy is a sparkling young woman and adored  by all that meet er. She is sociable, polite, energetic, enthusiastic, and  positively delightful, complete with a voice resembling lilting music  notes.  But this bright girl isn't all she seems; even lovely Daisy has a  passionate secret. Her husband, Tom, is an athletic an, the epitome of  arrogance. His eyes are always described as ""flashing about  restlessly."" The former football hero demands dominance over all,  especially over the women in his life; his wife, and his over-the-top,  full-figured mistress, Myrtle Wilson. t is only when he feels denied of  this control that he shows emotion. Across the bay, on the West Egg, lives  Daisy's cousin, and Tom's college friend, Nick Callaway, who also happens  to be Gatsby's neighbor (just some of the slew of  intertwining connec ons  between the characters). Nick is the narrator of the story, and does well  in presenting an objective view of the string of events that take place.  Perhaps this is because he lives by the rule to not criticize others.  However, he is incredibly percep ve, and whatever criticisms and opinions  he does take on become completely justified to the reader, biased or not.  Nick is forever changed by his encounters with Gatsby, but still remains  able to continue his normal life, leaving any stinging memories b ind.  Perhaps this can be attributed to Jordan Baker, who can be considered the  anchor of sanity, or the accomplice for the plot basis. Jordan, Daisy's  good friend, moves through the story to become Nick's love interest, but  also serves as the source of  e missing pieces of the story, the glue  between other characters, without being incredibly integral to the  connections themselves.  As said before, The Great Gatsby is a  wonderful whirl of mixing and mingling pasts and presents. It focuses  around Jay Gatsby and his quest to recapture the love he had and lost five  years ago; Daisy, who loves him in return. However, between elaborate  chemes and secret meetings, the two must conquer husbands, mistresses,  death, tragedy, and pass the test of true love and loyalty. And despite how  much readers come to wish them well, at times their happy fate is wholly  uncertain.  Through the tangled story of Gatsby and Daisy's romance,  and the web of characters and events that surround them, Fitzgerald makes  it painfully clear to his readers that people are interminably connected,  and the actions of one can start a chain that e ects the lives of many.  And, contrary to main-stream fictitious happiness, love does not always  prove to be pure and true, or prevail over all.  Although The Great  Gatsby eventually proves itself to be a simply engrossing novel, the  primary story line can be difficult to deeply fall into. The first  seventy-five pages can seem dry and lagging, as they primarily consist of  explaining how Nick cam to live in West Egg, and retelling seemingly  unimportant encounters with several of the characters, probably simply a  method of presenting them to readers. However, with the introduction of Mr.  Wolfshiem, a shady character, as well as the conversation b ween Gatsby and  Nick that precedes that meeting, the plot thickens tremendously. It is with  these two events that the mysterious story and the intertwining pasts begin  to unfold themselves, and readers will find themselves immediately  entranced by the s uence of events to come.  The Great Gatsby, though  not entirely difficult, should also not be tackled by those who find  expressive language and metaphors troubling. However, once readers have  become aquatinted with Fitzgerald's writing, his exquisite use of language  and metapho will become apparent. They will find the lavish words find even  necessary to match the sophisticated nature of the characters. He makes  exceptional use of metaphor, best exemplified by his description of Daisy's  voice. It is praised time and time again, nd is said to retain the quality  of music, notes that will never be played again, the sound of tinkling  money, and glowing and singing noise, the sort that the ear follows up and  down. Jordan is also frequently said to ""balance objects on her  chin,"" def ing the way she holds herself. And just outside of New York  is an area where everything is apparently made from ashes, and the piercing  blue streams of sky are solely referred to as ""the eyes of Doctor T.J.  Eckleburg."" These metaphors help to paint a wo erfully vivid picture,  making sounds and sights come alive, full with depth and meaning."
"I am an English teacher, and I bought this to aid in my classroom discussion of the novel.  After receiving this version of Gatsby, I discovered that our school library had a copy read by a different narrator.  I listened to both, but Alexander Scourby's reading was much more entertaining to my 11th graders.  The other version put them to sleep.  I highly recommend Scourby's reading of ""The Great Gatsby."""
"Like most, I first read the Great Gatsby in my high school English class. Although I have read much since then, I've not found another novel that surpasses to Fitzgerald's masterpiece. Between the solid story, symbolism and pleasant prose, the Great Gatsby touches on something everyone experiences in one degree or another: that of unrealized dreams. There are many Gatsbys in the world - each scheming some last-ditch effort to snatch victory from a certain defeat. He is a timeless character.Now, this is Fitzgerald, and that means he can lapse into sentimentality. I think what makes this book his best work technically is that he keeps tight rein over the sap. It is far more mature than This Side of Paradise and less amorphous than Tender is the Night. Saul Bellow considered Fitzgerald's writing 'weak', but at its best it strikes a young, idealistic chord that makes all the sap worthwhile. I've always felt that comes from Fitzgerald's successful courtship of Zelda.I recommend this book, but it is one of those stories you know whether you read it or not - like Romeo and Juliet or King Author. If you like Fitzgerald, there are several newer writers that he has influenced. Hunter S. Thompson comes to mind, and I once heard Thomas Wolfe mentioned as a 'devotee'. John Keats was a big inspiration in Fitzgerald's writing, and that old humbug Bernard Shaw as well. Ultimately, I think the Great Gatsby is the best American novel to date, which bridges admirably the old English poets and the modern workaday world."
"I am utterly baffled by the reputation this book enjoys. Fitzgerald seems to assume (rightly it would seem) that the mere evocation of fantastic  wealth (shiny automobiles, lavish parties etc) will be fantastically interesting to his readers. A triumph of content over style if you ask me! Admittedly there are a few very brilliant passages, but overall I find the book's much-vaunted prose to be like iridescent steam, vapid and affected. There is precious little complexity of thought, and more of what I would call `sentiment' than genuine emotion. The symbolism is laughably trite (to take just 3 examples : the green light on Daisy's side of the bay, characters in white, and - last but not least - the celebrated « Valley of Ashes » (Oh come on now ! Give us break!)). The characterization struck me as hollow, and the dialogue stilted and unnatural. Very rarely was I able to hear real men and women. I could go on, but after reading what other readers have said I feel like a voice in the wilderness..."
"Fitzgerald would have been better served as an evangalist. Perhaps he would not have died from a coronary doubtless related to his depression and alcoholism.The book is told through the impressions of Nick, a middle class fellow, and revolves around Mr. Gatsby. A man who has replaced the fortitude of spirituality with the frailty of materialism in the hopes of acquiring a woman, Daisy, hardly worth his disdain let alone his life.The story reflects the deeper truth that rationality and science alone cannot solve our problems and certainly cannot supplant the need for a higher purpose in life or belief in a higher power. To do so leaves a void too often filled with materialism which is a cheap substitute.This is exemplified in the characters of Tom Daisy and Jordan, souless wraiths who drift aimlessly from place to place  draining the life of everything they touch. Even Tom, who has every conceivable material possession, betrays a longing for days gone by when he was revered as a football hero presumably since this was the only title he ever earned.Gatsby is a compromised and tragic figure partially redeemed only by his solitary quest to fulfull an adolescent meaningless fantasy. Unlike  ""old money"" he has a goal however trivial.The fulfillment of his goal is anti-climactic as with all  objects pursued solely for possession and display. The empheral joy of possession is replaced with the enduring meaninglessness of his life and the eventual ignomy of losing Daisy.The end of the story shows the illusion of Gatsby, a young wealthy eccentric enigmatic gentleman, dissipated by the reality of Gatsby, a hollow common criminal consumed by the desire for a used mindless woman.With the contemporary obssession with materialism, in the form of youth, beauty and wealth, to the exclusion of all else the book is more relevant today than it was then."
"I bought this book last year, but I just hadn't got around to read it. But for my holiday, I rounded up 3-4 of those ""must reads"" that was waiting on the shelf and took off. And what a great read this was! I loved ""The Great Gatsby"" from the very first page.Written in the 1920'ies one would think that this novel would be outdated by now. But a book doesn't get the label ""a great classic"" for no good reason. Fitzgerald, with ""The Great Gatsby"", has written a novel with a timeless message.The story's narrator, Nick Carraway, is the neighbour to the novel's protagonist Jay Gatsby. We enter the story when Jay has transformed from being a poor officer to a self made millionaire. He is throwing fantastic parties every weekend on his mansion on Long Island. Lots of people, lit garden, swimming pool and the full nine yards. Gatsby is a self-invented person, no one really knows him, what he does, or where he's from, but they all come to his parties. One of the other protagonists, Daisy Buchanan is married to Tom, but Daisy used to go out with Jay Gatsby. Back then when he was a poor guy and a no-body. When Jay went to serve overseas, Daisy married Tom. Tom is an incredibly rich young man. Brutal, low moral, arrogant and you name it.. but extraordinary rich..So that's the scene setting for this novel. This book has everything, the (impossible) love story, money and wealth, greed, affairs, jealousy and obsessions. Fitzgerald's writing style is vivid and eloquent. Simply an elegant use of the language! His language reminds me of Hemingway, one of my other favourites. The different characters are extraordinary well developed. I especially liked the cynical narrator of the story, Nick Carraway.Fitzgerald has written one of the best books I have ever read. This is a short book, and I read it in 50-page gulps at the time. A great book, ready to be re-read any day!!PS. Make sure to get this edition, as it has a great preface written by Matthew Bruccoli. The preface contains valuable information about the author and background information on the story itself. Read the preface first, you will benefit from it."
"F. Scott Fitzgerald's life is somewhat paralleled by the character (Jay Gatsby) he creates in his most famous novel, The Great Gatsby.  Gatsby throws lavish parties and lives one of the most extreme lifestyles fictionalized during the Jazz Age.  Although Fitzgerald's life was tragic at times, he seems to have drawn the content of the novel from his creative literary genius as well.  Because of its amazing story and craftsmanship, The Great Gatsby is the type of novel that deserves to stay in print for as long as people are reading books.  The novel is a bit of a love story gone wrong, mixed with the budding friendship of a common bond salesman (Nick Carraway) with the notorious underground gambler and namesake of the novel (Jay Gatsby).  The two are somewhat confidants, yet the audience never knows if Gatsby is totally truthful with Carraway.  Gatsby finds that Carraway's distant cousin (Daisy Buchanan) is a lost love who has married another man (Tom Buchanan).  It seems as though his pursuit is worthless, but the soap-opera feel of the book helps the story continue to flow.  Tom is also having an affair; his mistress is a low-class woman named Myrtle Wilson who lives in a gas station halfway between the two major areas that set the novel (East Egg and West Egg).  Gatsby goes on a mission to reclaim the love of his life, almost an attempt to eternally grasp happiness. Carraway also has a somewhat love interest, a lady golfer who often lands herself in trouble.  A novel is complete without unexpected disaster and The Great Gatsby is no exception.  Twists of fates and other accidents play into the story as the reader's heart beats faster and is too involved to close the book.  Other plot elements allow Fitzgerald's novel to be highly esteemed.  He magically mixes carefully crafted symbolism, dramatic irony, complex plot, figurative language, and vivid descriptions in such a bold yet intriguing way.  A fantastic cast of characters work together move the story forward, although one man (Carraway) does the actual narration.  After reading this amazing novel, any reader would wish to travel back to the 1920s and attend one of Gatsby's wild parties or befriend one of the other characters."
"The Great Gatsby is a great Modern American Literature novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. It takes place in the early 1900's. The main characters are Jay Gatsby, a very rich and handsome man, Daisy and Tom Buchanan, and Daisy's cousin Nick Carraway. This book is written for entertainment. It captures all the romance and glitter of the Jazz Age in its portrayal of a young man and his tragic search for love and success.  The theme of this novel is that Gatsby wants to get Daisy back as his true love. The problem is that Daisy is already married. Gatsby believes that once Daisy sees him again, she will fall back into love with him.  One day, Gatsby wants Nick to invite Daisy over to his house for tea. Nick said that he would do it, so he called Daisy and asked her to come over. When she got there, she started talking to Nick, then Gatsby appeared. Daisy hadn't seen him for a long time. They just starred into each others eyes. Finally, they started talking. This scene is a major event in the story because this is where Daisy starts to fall in love with Gatsby again.  The use of irony in this novel is repeated throughout the story. For example, if Gatsby is so much in love with Daisy, then why would he have even thought about leaving her in the first place. Then, if Daisy was so in love with Gatsby, why did she marry Tom and not wait for Gatsby to return to her.  A quote that is repeated in this novel is ""good morning, old sport."" This quote is said to Nick by Gatsby. Gatsby never calls Nick by his real name. He always refers to him as ""old sport.""  A person that likes love stories would like this novel. It keeps you on the edge of your seat wanting to read more to find out what might happen to Gatsby and Daisy's love for each other."
This book was not formatted properly for the Kindle 2...you will get a headache trying to read it.  Spend the extra money and get the $10 version!
"I loved the writing, but I have trouble saying ""I love"" a book, when it is so incredibly sad.  It is a commentary on the destruction of people who come to love their money...and the destruction great wealth can cause to others.  I am not one who believes that the ""rich"" are the bad guys.  It is not ""money"" that is the root of all evil, but rather ""the love of money""...this book makes that painfully clear."
"Jay Gatsby was a figment of everyone's imagination, including his own.  He was whatever or whomever they all needed him to be.  For some, he was a good guy with high style and money.  To others, he was shady, mysterious, maybe even a criminal.  Whatever his role, he played it well.An intriguing story that leaves you wondering was it all real or  just pretend...and whatever it was, was it worth the pain?Good read!"
"A required book for my English class, _The Great Gatsby_ has become one of my favorite books.  The symbolism is amazing--a green light, the watchful eyes of an eye doctor's ad, the owl-eyed man, driving, Gatsby's library...  it is amazing how Fitzgerald pulls it all together.  And on top of it all,  Fitzgerald creates what is considered the perfect narrator in Nick Carraway  (give or take a letter).  All in all a great read!"
"Reading the negative reviews of this book depresses me. What is it about high school education that makes kids hate books? How can we stop this? ""In my younger and more vulnerable years...""It's especially sad because The Great Gatsby is a wonderfully written tragedy. Gatsby and his doomed love for Daisy is cast against the deco backdrop of roaring 20's New York, which is vividly rendered by Fitzgerald. It is a period piece, and there are things that are definitely of that time, but there is much about it that is timeless.I want to encourage anyone who read this in high school and was made to hate it to pick it up. It's a very brief read, and is worth your time. Maybe the passage of a few years helps clear the high school myopia about great books like these.And if you were lucky enough not to read this in high school, pick it up now!"
"""The Great Gatsby"" was an interesting book, about confused love, scandalous affairs, and gallant parties. I thoroughly enjoyed all the secrets and decieving. It gives a vibrant discription of the lifestyles in the early 1900's. Really giving you an understanding of people. My favorite character was Nick Carraway, who lived the simple life, but living a glorious one because of his connections and nextdoor neighbor Jay Gatsby. Jay Gatsby was one of the richest men, living a mansion one could lose themselves in. If you are into scandals and drama this book is sure to keep you interested."
"I often feel you can judge a book by the first and last lines.  The Great Gatsby is my favorite example of this.  The first line is:In my younger and more vulnerable years my father gave me some advice that I've been turning over in my mind ever since.  ""Whenever you feel like criticizing any one,"" he told me, ""just remember that all the people in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had."""
"Surely everything has been said before.  BUT, I shall point out that if you like Gatsby, you will probably love Fitzgerald's short stories as well.  Also,  there are several interesting books written about F.Scott Fitzgerald and his wife Zelda--two truly compelling people who lived somewhat reckless rock star lives long before we watched rock stars burn out on MTV reality shows."
Frank Muller was a fantastic narrator. He reads Gatsby fabulously - and I enjoy the writing very much.I've listened to this book 3 times and I have listened to many other books read by Frank Muller. Amongst these books were some of the Dark Tower series (which are fantastic). Frank is easily one of my favorite performers and was a truly great loss in the field.
"Very easy read; a book that I've always thought of reading, but just recently did.How interesting that Gatsby accumulated a fortune and styled his entire life in the hopes of regaining Daisy.I liked the symbolism of the eyes on the billboard.  They seemed to be the conscience of all the characters, though could it have symbolized God?  Interesting."
"Don't bother with this.  Yes, it's cheap, but if a hard copy version this bad was produced it'd get laughed off the shelf.  Even if you aren't distracted by sentences that start in a lower case letter you will be distracted by the thought that the first half of the sentence might be missing. A basic proofread would have solved the problem and I can't help wondering why Amazon aren't able to get it right."
Great read of a great classic. Using the kindle is one of the best ways to read this  magnificent book.  Continues to be one of he best books ever.
"All characters very self centred and bound up in their quest for pleasure, but maybe emblamatic of the era.  A tragic pursuit of love for Gatsby."
"I first read this many years ago , as a young man , and loved it . Many of the images never left me . When I saw it was coming out as a movie again I decided to reread it and I am very glad I did . It captured me just as it did 40 years ago and I read it in one session . The characters , the story and the observations on life in America are ageless ."
"Greed, lust, and money. These are the things that we as Americans dream for. This book shows what it can turn us into. This book is the greatest drama to ever be written. The most intricately simple look at what these things can turn us into. It journeys into the mind of humans and their ambitions. Simply amazing. A must read for any and everyone."
"This is ""the Great Gatsby""! Please read before you see the movie. I hope the film does this book justice but it's one of those book that everyone should read in their lifetime.It's based on the life of Jay Gatsby and his opulent life during the roaring 20's in New York. It's a love story, a drama, and a classic novel."
"I've probably read this book 3 times, listened to it on audio tape once, and read it aloud while on a car trip. What can you say about such a powerful and classic book, a book that has come to be symbolic of the Jazz Age with all of its excess and smarmy decadence? The enigmatic and subtly evil Jay Gatsby, self-made man and millionaire, and his passion for Daisy, the wife of the man who lives across the bay from him, are at the center of this novel, which is told from the point of view of Nick, an occasional guest and neighbor on East Egg, who is able to tell the story, eventually, with some degree of detachment and cynicism. There is the inevitability of a Greek drama to the cadences and pacing of The Great Gatsby, a tragedy lying in wait for all involved.Exquisite and spare prose, tight plot, and wonderful characters. It's as good as a novel gets."
"I picked up the Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald since it was one multiple ""all time best read"" lists, and this thin book was ok. Nothing out of the world to justify its presence on top 100 books of all time; apparently, there is a deeper secondary meaning in the story -- one that I could see, but could not appreciate as much."
"The Great Gatsby hardly needs an introduction...This is simply my favorite book of all time - from the first time I read it, the characters were etched in my mind forever and the story-line is simply unforgettable - it will haunt you forever. Every self-respecting reader owes it to her / himself to read this incredible book."
I bought this as a gift for someone and thought it would look like the picture with the cover art but it was not like the book in the photo when I received it. It had no cover art and the posting item description didn't make this clear. I am a very dissatisfied customer and will not be shopping with this seller again.
"To the person who said students shouldn't be forced to read this, Im glad I was. I am 23 now, and still remember reading Gatsby in high school. Of course, I read Shakespeare for pleasure, I always liked reading. When you grow up poor books are a great friend! I may have never read this if it hadn't been assigned. Its short, and its a classic. Perhaps those trashing it should reread it when they are mature enough to handle it?"
"Not everyone's cup of tea, I know but Fitzgerald paints a picture of a world of selfishness and opulence - a world we hate to love and love to hate - before brining it all crashing down in a way that leaves you uncertain about you future, your past and the obsessions that bind the two. Absolutely worth the read."
This was a book that stayed with me long after hearing it read. I found Gatsby to be a very intriguing character because of his singleminded passion. I enjoyed understanding the thoughts and ideas of Carraway. The writing provided vivid imagery of a time gone by and yet it was a timeless story. Highly recommend.
"I'm a high school student, and I'm still reading the book -- just started ch. 8 -- I got to say this book is pretty good. I love Fitzgerald's style of writing, and although some parts may be hard to understand, going over it again is very helpful. This books makes me wish I could've lived in the Jazz age."
"I love this book.  Initially, it can be somewhat hard to follow because of the narration, but Fitzgerald is such a master storyteller that it doesn't matter; you just can't put the book down.  I love this story not only for  the brilliant pictures that it paints in my head, and the compelling  storyline, but the language . . . My god, the language is so beautiful.  To  the unsure buyer, ""If you have ever gone out of your way to impress  someone only to have them treat you like dirt, this book is for you.""  READ THIS BOOK!"
"This book was initally forced onto me as a high school junior, and, like all the other students, I first groaned and braced myself for the worst, but I was pleasantly surprised. I had it read within two days and it  quickly became a favorite. I highly recommend it to anyone in search of a  good read (with a few psychological aspects)... it's a classic that just  doesn't seem like a classic"
"There are only two books that resemble America, our past, our present, and our future.There are only two books that tackled the issues so subtely, and with so much imagination, they are nothing short of classics.The Great Gatsby is one of them;Huckelbery Finn is the other."
"I think I've mentioned this in other reviews, but I always feel odd ""reviewing"" literary classics. It's like, come on, does this book really need my seal of approval? Does anyone really give a ""care"" about what I think of a canonized and immortalized work of art? So maybe that's why when I review a ""classic"" it reads more like a journal entry than an actual review.In The Great Gatsby, F. Scott Fitzgerald touches on a number of tropes that are frequently explored in high school classrooms such as the legitimacy of the American dream, economic stratification, and societal norms of the 1920s. But really what The Great Gatsby leaves its readers with is a profound melancholy, especially if they're over thirty, that their best is behind them. The ethereal visions and dreams of our forgone past loves and accomplishments float farther away as we try to frantically swim closer to them. American society itself is presented a degrading middle aged country without imagination that worships at the alter of capitalism and semi-monarchal familial reputations trapped in a cycle of womb envy.Fitzgerald paints a stark contrast between the painfully normal Nick Carraway, an aimless and listless product of the status quo, and Jay Gatsby's Byronic archetype who tries to fit into a world he can never fully understand. And why should he even try to understand such a broken and disingenuous system? Jay Gatsby unintentionally parodies the society's predilections with his lavish lifestyle and wild parties both meant to ultimately impress his lost love. Between Gatsby and Daisy Jay or Buchanan, the reader can only assume that two people so beautiful, genuine, and innocent being united would be far too much for the degenerating Long Island Hedonists to bear.So is The Great Gatsby worth reading? Don't ask me."
"The “American Dream” means something different to every person, but most people can agree that the common denominator is success. Whether this success is earned through hard work and determination or through underhanded business is in the power of each man. F. Scott Fitzgerald, author of The Great Gatsby, demonstrates through his characters how wealth and greed make people irresponsible because it allows them to believe that they are entitled.Although money can buy many things, the characters in The Great Gatsby don't realize that what they really desire is something they can't purchase. Jay Gatsby, a mid-thirties aged man who lives an extravagant life in his large, West Egg house, dreams of reliving the past with the person who is still the woman of his dreams, Daisy Fay. After coming back from the military, Gatsby buys a house across the Sound from Daisy and her new husband, Tom Buchanan. Her house is marked with a green light representing Gatsby’s goal: to have her heart once again. With the help of his newly befriended neighbor Nick Carraway, Gatsby organizes a tea with Daisy, who happens to be cousins with Nick. The get together causes strong feelings to resurface between the two, but after months of sneaking around Daisy’s husband, the two are forever separated after Gatsby is murdered by the husband of Tom’s mistress, Mr. Wilson. Gatsby was stuck in the past, and day after day he would look at the green light on Daisy’s dock imagining what could be, but reality held him back, “So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past” (180). Fitzgerald paints a picture of boat trying to cross the Sound to reach the green light, but being restricted by the water’s current. As an adult Gatsby still dreams like a child, and no one attempts to tell him not all dreams are attainable. He can’t stop thinking about the past, yet Tom and Daisy are all for escaping it. Before learning about Gatsby’s death, Tom and Daisy leave town, leaving Nick with this reaction, “They were careless people, Tom and Daisy––they smashed up things and creatures and then retreated back into their money or their vast carelessness, or whatever it was that kept them together, and let other people clean up the mess they had made...” (179). Tom and Daisy left like a tornado, hurting people in their tracks only to escape to a life where all was still okay. Had it not been for their wealth they would have had to stay in town and deal with the destruction that they had caused. But, neither with money nor time will their conscious’ be cleared of the lives they costed and hearts they broke. It was their prerogative to be irresponsible if it meant they didn't have to deal with a disaster, and after all this may have been in their vision of their own American Dream."
"At first, when I read a previous review of this book, I immediately agreed with that reviewer.He didn't like the shallow characters, so I learned a new perspective about the book because I didn't get what the point of the book was at that time.I decided to see the movie with Mia Farrow to better understand the book & then it definitely made more sense to me.Without seeing the movie, I would have not understood the different characters & how the story flowed. I didn't know what the hec the author was referring to as Dr. T.J's. Eckelburg eyes on the billboard. I don't think the author even referred to it as a billboard.When Gatsby was killed, I didn't know who was killed. Wilson or Gatsby. I didn't get it until I saw the movie.When I read the scathing review, I thought I don't want to read a book about shallow people.But then I thought, wait this book is an all time favorite, there has to be more to this book. Why do people like it?So then I looked up Spark's notes for this book and started reading summaries of what the character's actions really meant.I started to understand it more.I am a little embarrassed to say I missed the whole point of this book. But to be fair to me, English was not my 1st language so there is a lot vocabulary I didn't understand, plus I was trying to finish it pretty quick without putting much thought to it.Nevertheless, I feel embarrassed because even though there was vocabulary I didn't understand, how could I have missed the whole point and even the story line of this book?I know one reason was definitely not knowing the vocabulary but the other reason I feel was how the book was written.Let me ask a question to whoever read it for the very first time & nobody told you what the book was about.Did any of you get that Gatsby got killed in Chapter VIII? I just read the paragraph where Gatsby was laying on mattress in the pool & still don't see where the author is saying Gatsby got shot!Either this is an old style of writing or I need to go back to my English class & relearn how to understand the meaning of stories along with prose, symbolism, etc. (Sorry Ms. Hall)Since it's a classic, I still recommend for you to read it one time in your life.Either way, I still enjoyed learning what was the big deal of The Great Gatsby!"
"As I write these comments, new reviews of The Great Gatsby are being posted to Amazon at the pace of about one every hour -- a testament to the enduring influence of the novel. A large proportion of the reviews come from readers who identify themselves as re-readers of the work.That includes me.My comments are for anyone considering a second reading of this most durable of American novels.When I opened up The Great Gatsby once again, this time in middle age, I was impressed by how triumphantly the novel belongs to the wide, ongoing current of American literature. The well-read Fitzgerald took seriously literature's calling and his own role within its tradition. And since its publication in 1925, Gatsby has exerted a gravitational pull on American literature.Readers returning to this book after an absence of decades are apt to notice how much it has served as a source of ideas and inspiration to subsequent American writers. The book is amazing on its own merits, of course, but there's additional pleasure in store for the seasoned reader as you spot affinities and influences based on your own reading history. Among the authors I believe The Great Gatsby influenced are Arthur Miller, Tennessee Williams, J.D. Salinger, and John Updike. This aspect of Fitzgerald's achievement was totally lost on me back in high school.When Daisy castigates Tom as ""a brute of a man, a great, big, hulking physical specimen,"" chances are good you'll be reminded of the tension between Blanche DuBois and Stanley Kowalski. When Nick, organizing the funeral, utters two devastating words -- ""Nobody came"" -- you may think of Willy Loman's widow, Linda, at the end of ""Death of a Salesman,"" expressing her pained confusion: ""Why didn't anybody come? Where are all the people he knew? Maybe they blame him."" Then there's the bit of magic when Fitzgerald, in the opening chapter, transforms a ringing telephone into a living character capable of disordering a marriage -- an audacity I'm guessing John Updike was aware of and decided to pay homage to in his short story on the subject of adultery, ""Your Lover Just Called,"" found in the 1972 collection, ""Museums & Women and Other Stories"" (out of print; the story is now available in The Maples Stories (Everyman's Library Pocket Classics)).I was surprised to find the Gatsby's imprint on ""The Catcher in the Rye"" (1952). There's a kinship, I think, between Holden and Nick Carraway, who, while older (29 going on 30), is in many ways just as unanchored as Holden, or Huck Finn for that matter. Each is a person whose moral education is not yet complete, each is a persona still in formation.Both ""Catcher"" and ""Gatsby"" use the framing device of a narrator who has escaped the scene of an intensely personal experience -- one that has run them down physically and emotionally. What Nick describes as his summer of ""riotous excursions with privileged glimpses into the human heart"" could, with some tailoring, fit the days Holden describes to us as ""this madman stuff that happened to me around last Christmas"". Both characters, now in recovery, convey their tales from a safe distance: Nick is ""back home"" in the middle west; Holden is in a California sanitarium, about to go back home. At the end of their stories Holden and Nick engage in virtually identical, small, symbolic acts in an attempt to rid their world of indecency: Holden erases an obscene graffiti in the stairwell of his sister Phoebe's school; Nick scrapes away an obscene word that a truant scrawled on the steps of his friend Gatsby's mansion.Fitzgerald himself was a self-described ""enthusiastic worshipper"" of T.S. Eliot, and if Eliot's poetry pleases you, there is pleasure to be had in discovering the impact of his verse throughout The Great Gatsby. Nick Carraway's character and behavior fits the mold of the narrator of ""The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock."" Nick is glad to be of use to Daisy and Gatsby, and his attachment to Gatsby may well be described as that of an attendant Lord, one whose actions are deferential, politic, cautious, a bit obtuse. In the end Nick recognizes himself as, maybe, the Fool. I believe some details and incidents in the novel are loosely borrowed from ""Prufrock."" For example, its easy to view Nick's perambulation of Manhattan in Chapter 3 (""At the enchanted metropolitan twilight I felt a haunting loneliness sometimes, and felt it in others--poor young clerks who loitered in front of windows"") to be a variation on Prufrock's habit of wandering at dusk through narrow streets to watch lonely men in shirt-sleeves, leaning out of windows. Prufrock's seaside romantic fantasy becomes Nick's street-side daydream; in both cases their yearnings are unrequited, since Prufrock's imagined mermaids will not sing to him, and Nick's elusive girls ""fade through a door into warm darkness.""Yet the essential lessons of The Great Gatsby are of a different category, beyond the driving theme of nostalgia, and so much more than the colossal vitality of Gatsby's illusion. Otherwise, why would its final sentence -- ""So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past"" -- have become inseparably bound to our vision of America? One of the rewards of re-reading the novel is to discover how carefully, how relentlessly, the author prepares us for this final revelation."
"This isn't the first time I've read The Great Gatsby. I read it inhigh school, absorbed as much as I needed to pass the class, andI remembered only as much as cultural references reinforced.I decided to read the book again in preparation for seeing thelatest Hollywood version. I haven't seen the movie yet, but I'mglad I read the book.In high school, I didn't have the patience, the resources, or theability to fully appreciate the assignment. I'm sure I had plentyof time, but I wasn't about to spend any more of it thanabsolutely necessary on a then 40-year-old story, even though Ilived on Long Island and had actually been to Great Neck.Patience was always in short supply when it came to schoolwork, but I was reading it voluntarily now, and I gave it theeffort it deserved. I looked up every word I didn't recognize, andresearched every reference I didn't understand. Language,culture, and society have changed quite a bit in 90 years, so Ispent a lot of time on the Internet while I was reading. Eachchapter took at least an hour. But it was all worth it.I'd give the book six stars, if I could. But I invested much moretime in this slim volume than most people would be willingdevote to it. What if I hadn't looked everything up? I'm prettysure my review would be unchanged. Most of my researchmerely confirmed what I had guessed, and most of what Icouldn't guess was of no consequence. Everything in the bookwas there for a reason, but the story is strong enough towithstand a casual reading. In retrospect, I see it was strongenough to withstand a casual and careless reading by a highschool student. How else can I explain the desire to read itagain? I could have just seen the movie.I will see the movie, although I wonder how well it will hold upin comparison to the book. My poor wife will have to deal withmy movie review -- possibly during the movie."
"Fitzgerald writes beautifully while explaining the story of Nick Carraway and his interaction with the mysterious Gatsby. The characters and setting are described in good detail so that the reader is able to enter the 1920's at ease. I originally believed that this was a love story of Jay Gatsby reclaiming his love, Daisy Buchanan, doing whatever it took to have her back. However, Fitzgerald keeps things interesting with plot twists that include adultery, identity confusion and tragic deaths. While in the beginning, I was hoping that there would be a happy ending for Gatsby; my view began to change as Daisy's true identity unraveled. I was surprised to see Daisy's alliance change back to her cheating and abusive husband, after finding out that Gatsby was ""new money"" and had become wealthy from bootlegging alcohol. She's proven to be a shallow, allowing the lethal accident of her husband's mistress to be blamed on Gatsby, even though she was responsible. Fitzgerald made Nick into a great character, having him be level-headed and aware of the atrocities around him. As the reader, I appreciated having a character that had similar thoughts as me: that I was disgusted with the nonchalant attitude of Daisy after she had killed a woman and broken a heart. This isn't just a love story, but a novel that focuses on the American Dream and Gatsby's was living a life that revolved around Daisy. He had been raised with humble beginnings but after meeting Daisy, he realized the only way of winning her heart would be through money. Despite the immoral ways he achieves his wealth, as a reader, you appreciate his determination and drive to succeed. Overall, Fitzgerald wrote a timeless classic that is appreciated by readers everywhere.  It's truly an accomplishment for a writer if people are still raving about their book even when it's nearly 90 years later."
"Originally reviewed Wordsworth Classics edition on my blog""It was the hour of profound human change, and excitement was generating on the air."" (625-6)Growing up, it has been instilled upon me that The Great Gatsby is an allegory for The American Dream. Of course, this may be true, but reading it again (this time for unbiased pleasure rather than have it forced upon me by an over-analytical teacher) I've realized that it's more than this. This is a story of power, wealth, corruption and love. Now you may yell at me, ""Isn't that proof of the American Dream?"" Well, yes and no. Contrary to popular media beliefs, wealth does not directly lead to corruption (and vice-versa.) As with everything, life outcomes are different person to person, as we are not some standardized machine walking about the earth. The Declaration of Independence (in which The American Dream is derived from,) says that all men are created equal; although we may have been created equal, we grow into individualized personalities. This could probably open a whole nature vs. nurture debate, but I won't get into that. The Great Gatsby is also an example of the Marxist views on materialism and morality. In this case, a little farm boy named Jimmy Gatz works himself up the society ladder to become Jay Gatsby, and through his wealth, he obtained power. Through corruption, he reached for love.Love did not reach back.""So we drove on towards death through the cooling twilight.""(653)Gatsby's vainglory and vanity in his wealth became the deadly sin personified. He did everything to look important and to have his name attached to high society. Throwing lavish parties for people he didn't even know, and doing dealings with people who didn't care about him, all deconstructed to pride and materialism. Impressing Daisy was a major influence for him; a promiscuous woman who in all eventuality didn't give a care in the world for him. Staring and dreaming upon that little green light across the bay; green which symbolizes rebirth (not to mention envy.) Gatsby changed for Daisy, back and forth, trying to recapture a beloved part of his past.""He talked a lot about the past, and I gathered that he wanted to recover something, some idea of himself perhaps, that had gone into loving Daisy.""(636)As for my reaction to The Great Gatsby, just as when I read it almost ten years ago, I love it. Well, I love the storyline aspect because it showed a prideful and vulnerable human being tarnished and destroyed by the very things he loved. I admit that by the time I was finished with the book I basically disliked everyone in the book; Daisy and Tom, because of the obvious; Nick Carraway (the narrator) because he reintroduced Daisy and Gatsby; and Gatsby because of his blissful ignorance. It is the reasons why I dislike the characters that made me love the story. I also found it interesting that Daisy and Gatsby, supposedly the only sober people in the book, were the most depraved, and somehow the mix of the two became a volatile piece of destruction. Gatsby surrounded himself with the false hope of friends and love, only to be left alone and unloved.""No - Gatsby turned out all right at the end; it is what preyed on Gatsby, what foul dust floated in the wake of his dreams that temporarily closed out my interest in the abortive sorrows and short-winded elations of men.""(564)I wholeheartedly recommend this book for those unhappy with life and needing an influential tale of human nature, high society disadvantages and love. Other works in which the same American Dream concept that I have more recently read are Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck and The Buddha in the Attic by Julie Otsuka.-------------First Line: ""In my younger and more vulnerable years my father gave me some advice that I've been turning over in my mind ever since."" (563)Last Line: ""So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past."" (683)-------------Quotes:""People disappeared, reappeared, made plans to go somewhere, and then lost each other, searched for each other, found each other a few feet away."" (586)""In his blue gardens men and girls came and went like moths among the whisperings and the champagne and the stars."" (588)""It's a great advantage not to drink among hard-drinking people. You can hold your tongue, and, moreover, you can time any little irregularity of your own so that everybody else is so blind that they don't see or care."" (613)"
"Originally published in 1925, The Great Gatsby is told through the narration of Nick Carraway and his story of living next to the highly eccentric Jay Gatsby on the North Shore of Long Island.  The tales of extravagant parties at the great mansion of Jay Gatsby is told with awe by the narrator as he himself becomes involved in the high life style of Mr. Gatsby. Nick Carraway, we find out is a bond salesman working in New York City and living in a small house close by to Gatsby's mansion who comes from the Midwest.  The Midwest is also the home of our hero Mr. Gatsby.  However as the story unfolds no one seems to really know Gatsby.  In fact of his main party extravagances, there seems to be many guests who arrive without invitation and in fact have never seen or associated with the gracious guest. Nick's second cousin also lives in the niche of Long Island which is fictitiously called East Egg.  It becomes apparent that Daisy Buchanan is an old heart throb of Jay Gatsby whom she met prior to Gatsby going off to war.  The story revolves around Nick and Jay gallivanting around Long Island and New York City where Nick becomes involved with a girlfriend Jordan Baker and Gatsby becomes ruinously involved with Daisy's husband Thomas Buchanan. Along with this continuous scenario we never find out the source of Gatsby's wealth and we find out that the his entrée of servants have been replaced by rather dubious characters at the time that Gatsby is in full battle with the Daisy's husband as the summer season on Long Island is fading into early Autumn. Not only is the season fading by Gatsby's hold on his old heart throb is slipping tenuously by a thread with an automobile accident in nearby Queens.  The strange enigma of a man who no one seems to know heads straight for a tragedy on Long Island, and in the end it seems if all that had happened never really happened at all.  It was as if it was all a Long Island's rich man's dream played out by Midwesterners one and all into an American Tragedy."
"Note: May contain spoilers. Proceed with caution.Recently I reread The Great Gatsby because I had some free time and it's been a few years since I read it back in high school. When I originally read The Great Gatsby I wasn't overly impressed by it, but I thought maybe it was because I was in high school. However, to my surprise, my opinion hasn't changed much. I wanted to like it, but the end result was just ok.The ""main"" character of the novel is a man named Nick Carraway. I put main in quotes because up until the end of the book his role, in my opinion, is pretty insignificant. Sure, he narrates the book and he arranges the tea meeting with Gatsby and Daisy, his cousin, but the character honestly feels like an empty vessel. One that you want to like because he's supposed to be the main character, but someone who feels genuinely unimportant. The same can be said about pretty much all the characters in the book. Gatsby, for instance, is probably the most likable. Everything he does he does because of his love for Daisy. Essentially the entire story is about Gatsby, but Fitzgerald doesn't take the time to properly flesh out his character, or any of the other characters for that matter. I think most of my distaste for the novel came from Fitzgerald's approach to writing.The novel is most enjoyable when we are going through the main story, but Fitzgerald constantly ruins the flow by having flashbacks right in the middle of the action. Towards the end of the book he starts switching back and forth so much that I found it difficult to follow along at first. Now these flashbacks are technically important because they give the reader some more insight into the characters, but they all seemed to be placed at the most inopportune time. Plus, Fitzgerald's style of writing during these sections changes dramatically from engaging to extremely dull.My biggest complaint has to be the way Fitzgerald structures his sentences. Maybe this was the way to write back then, but in today's world it's extremely uncomfortable. It isn't smooth and it isn't easy on the eyes. Instead of saying, ""My favorite colors are blue, yellow, green, and red."" Fitzgerald would put, ""My favorite colors are blue and yellow and green and red."" In case you don't believe me here's an excerpt from page 40: ""By seven o'clock the orchestra has arrived, no thin five-piece affair, but a whole pitful of oboes and trombones and saxophones and viols and cornets and piccolos, and low and high drums."" It's like the man never learned how to properly use a comma. Couple that with his insistent need to hyphenate everything, ""to-night, to-morrow, good-by"", and you're bound to leave a chapter with a headache or two. Lastly, Fitzgerald found it necessary to include an overabundance of similes and metaphors that felt both forced and unnatural. It's not a huge gripe like the commas or the hyphenations, but it's still there.The Great Gatsby is relatively short, only 180 pages long, and you could probably finish it in one sitting if you don't have any other obligations to attend to. However, I think this is what ultimately ruins the experience. Some books can pull off a short page count, but others, like this one, cannot. Had Fitzgerald stuck in the present and not gone off on tangents of the past it would have been fine, but ultimately these flashbacks ruin any chance of fleshing out the characters or properly building up the story so that you actually feel something at the story's climax.Overall Score: 7/10 - I know this is considered a literary classic, and for its time I'm sure it was groundbreaking, but in today's world it's simply mediocre. Nothing about the novel is necessarily terrible, and I never felt the need to close it, but I just feel like the story wasn't given the time it deserved to fully develop into something amazing."
"I came into `The Great Gatsby' knowing it was a classic (and highly regarded as one of the greatest pieces of literature) and that I should read it bit also knowing that the 1974 film adaptation (which I did see) was awful and tainted my interest in the novel.  Knowing that rabid fans of the book also hated the film helped convince me to take it off the shelf (I've owned it for a few years) and read it.So glad that I did.Having previously read Fitzgerald's short story collection which contained `The Curious Case of Benjamin Button', I was familiar with his writing style (detailed yet easy on the intake) and immediately took to this novel.  The way that Fitzgerald paints these characters and their situations and the `Jazz Age' itself is so wonderfully astute and captivating at every turn.  This is a short yet very rich story, filling nearly 200 pages with beautifully delicate character development (enough mystery to make these people intoxicating as opposed to merely fascinating) and an engaging plot that completes itself in the most unexpected and yet tragically beautiful way imaginable (yes, I knew the ending thanks to the film, but it feels so much more `complete' here).The meaning behind the pursuit at play here is remarkable, and the way that the story's conclusion truly embeds itself in relevance, even today, is unexpected yet welcome.The story told is that of Jay Gatsby, a self-made millionaire who moves nearby his sweetheart of yesteryear, Daisy, who is now a mother and married to a wealthy man with a downtrodden mistress on the side.  Daisy and Gatsby were torn apart by social circles and the war, and while he was fighting for his country she was being swept off her feet by Tom Buchanan.  The novel is narrated by Nick Carraway, Gatsby's neighbor and trusted confidant.  Through his friendship, both Gatsby and Daisy reunite and Nick is torn between his friendship with Gatsby and his knowledge of not only Daisy's love for him but also of her husband Tom's indiscretions.Beautifully fleshed out and `whole', this classic earns that title with every word.  Creating characters that are unforgettable (Tom being one of my favorite literary creations) and a story that is so inspired and poignant, `The Great Gatsby' is just that; great!"
"By some quirk in my personal history, I'd never read GATSBY. It has many beautifully written, poetic passages, and Gatsby's demise retains an ineffable sadness that moved me in the final pages. The absence of mourners at his funeral was particularly poignant. Fitzgerald's theme of pursuing an incompletely realized dream is universal, with the corollary that if one's timing is off, the dream may forever remain out of reach. Add to this a crushing irony: in order to win Daisy, Gatsby strove to make himself a member of her wealthy Long Island society, but she is shallow and frivolous and her husband is brutish and racist. The others in their group show no loyalty to Gatsby, the man who'd thrown them lavish parties, by deserting him in death.I'll comment briefly on the poetic nature of Fitzgerald's prose. He uses two metaphors involving water that are linked inextricably to the action of the novel. At the beginning of the story, the narrator, Nick, notes that ""Conduct may be founded on the hard rock or the wet marshes..."" comparing conduct to an edifice that can be built on a solid base (""hard rock"") or a tenuous one (""wet marshes""). Foreshadowing is at work here as Gatsby's springboard into affluent society turns out to be a yacht in a dangerously shallow mooring. Unfortunately, Gatsby is floating in his pool at the end when he is shot to death. The novel concludes with another ""wet"" metaphor in the justly famous line ""So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past."" Humans are boats struggling to row into the future, while all the while carried backward by Time's river. Figures of speech are only effective if they complement the surrounding language and action.Another vivid display of language occurs at the beginning of Chapter III with a 2 1/2 page description of the preparations for and beginning of a typical Gatsby party. ""On buffet tables, garnished with glistening hors d'oeuvre, spiced baked hams crowded against salads of harlequin designs and pastry pigs and turkeys bewitched to a dark gold."" Later, the narrator notes, ""The bar is in full swing, and floating rounds of cocktails permeate the garden outside, until the air is alive with chatter and laughter, and casual innuendo and introductions forgotten on the spot, and enthusiastic meetings between women who never knew each other's names."" A milieu built on the ""wet marshes"" indeed."
"Back in high school, I read F. Scott Fitzgerald's 1925 The Great Gatsby and Ernest Hemingway's 1926 The Sun Also Rises.  At the time, I wasn't impressed with either, considering both to be shallow tales of spoiled rich folk.  I gave The Sun Also Rises another chance a couple of years ago, and was so impressed with the power of Hemingway's novel that I quickly read the rest of his major works, and some of his minor.  I just finished re-reading The Great Gatsby, and while it didn't leap up as much in my estimation as The Sun Also Rises, I did appreciate it more than I did back in high school.The story of The Great Gatsby does, in fact, revolve around the discontent well-off of Jazz Age New York.  Our narrator, Nick Carraway, is the one decent guy in the book, while the titular Jay Gatsby, his old flame Daisy, Daisy's husband Tom Buchanan, and Carraway's love interest Jordan Baker are all despicable people in one way or another, though this time reading it, I was able to appreciate as certain tragedy to Gatsby that had previously been lost on me.The main thread of the novel it Gatsby's attempt to win Daisy back to him.  There are also parties.  Lots of parties.  You may not know much about the mysterious Gatsby until the end of the novel, but one thing you know from the start is that he throws a hell of a party.  You might also finish the novel with an urge to start calling everyone ""Old Sport.""  Try to resist it.What I enjoyed most about the novel this reading was the language.  Fitzgerald at times seems to be writing poetry as much as he is fiction, so lyrical and evocative is his writing.  You'll finish the novel with many memorable phrases and scenes still echoing in your mind.  While his contemporary and friend Hemingway wrote powerfully using as few words as possible, resembling a minimalist stone sculpture, Fitzgerald strings together glittering, complex phrases that call to mind a necklace of sparking diamonds.  Between the two, I like Hemingway's approach more, but those jewels of Fitzgerald's - they do shine brightly and catch the eye.I listened to Blackstone Audio's 2007 production of The Great Gatsby, read by Anthony Heald.  Heald did a fantastic job with the novel.  The tone he used for this production fit the Jazz Age drama perfectly, and he captured all the characters very well.  I had not listened to anything narrated by Heald before, but after listening to his recording of The Great Gatsby, he's on my audio book narrator radar.  The unabridged recording runs approximately five hours.In the end, I'm glad I gave The Great Gatsby another chance.  I don't love it as much as I ended up loving Hemingway's work, but Fitzgerald's most famous novel was well worth reading again, and it has a fitting place as an American classic."
"Mr. F. Scott Fitzgerald is an exceptional writer. Always has been---always will be. There is no other Fitzgerald. In many ways, the same can be said of The Great Gatsby. It is an hauntingly beautiful novel. Yet, it is a very sad novel. For, it reveals the fickle nature---of the human race. In the beginning, Mr. Gatsby is greatly taken with Miss Daisy. Yet,---what he neglects to realize is the fact that the attention that Miss Daisy is projecting towards him---is simply a form of self admiration, whereby---she is the center of attention: Almost as if, she is standing in the midst of a chamber full of mirrors. The surrounding mirrors are the men which are encircling her: Projecting back to her the great and beautiful image of herself. She sees it,---reflected in their eyes. She feels it,---reflected in their mannerism. Mr. Gatsby is but one of the many admirers---just one of the mirrors. Yet, for the moment, that image which he projects back to her is the one which is the most pleasing to her---that is,---for the moment. However, sadly, Mr. Gatsby feels as if he is not worthy of her. He walks away---from her, from all that she represents, and all that which---he madly yearns for. For years, he does---whatever he deems to be necessary---in order to rise up to her level of, what he believes to be, her existence. He arrives at a point where he feels that he is now in a position to consider himself her equal. He is now good enough for her. He strives for wealth and power, because he correlates wealth and power---with Miss Daisy Buchanan. Yet, what he fails to understand is that Miss Daisy Buchanan is not good enough for him. He has been faithful to her, but she has not been faithful to him. What he fails to understand is the fact that she is indeed married to the right person---Mr. Tom Buchanan. For, just the way that he is boorish and unkind on the outside,---so is she---in the inside. He is a reflection of her. But, alas, it is well hidden behind the soft looks and the gentle demeanor. Tom Buchanan portrays the physical aspects of the characteristics which they both share---in one way or another. This is why they came together, and this is why they stay together. She is a fickle woman. Yet, she is not weak. She knows exactly as to what she is doing. The destroyed lives of men have no meaning to her as long as the image in the mirror continues to be. It is the image which must survive. At the end, she is just as much responsible for the tragedy. At one point, Mr. Gatsby states, ""Her voice is full of money."" It is as if he is saying---she represents all that I have strived to achieve, and have wanted. Again and again, he tries to prove himself to Daisy---that he is indeed good enough for her, but what he fails to understand is the fact that the quest was not worth it,---because she was not worth it. It is indeed a very sad testament to human nature, yet it is so very true. This is why, this book lives on and on. The world has not changed much. There still exists many a Daisy Buchanans and Tom Buchanans. Sadly,---there are also many Mr. Gatsbys---trying desperately to prove themselves to the fickle Daisys of the world. Human nature has not changed since Mr. Fitzgerald penned this great novel. What Mr. Gatsby fails to understand is the following fact---that his tragic end came to be on the very day---in which he met Miss Daisy Buchanan. For she reflected in the mirror,---the very image---of what he wanted to become."
"East Coast America, 1922, and young Nick Carraway decides to rent a house in the fictional town for the rich, West Egg, while he tries to make it in the city trading bonds. Except his life is about to change as he meets his flamboyant and rich neighbour, Jay Gatsby, whose charisma and lifestyle will spirit Nick away to catch glimpses of how the rich live in 1920s America, the good and the bad. But Gatsby isn't all he seems and when Nick introduces him to his married cousin Daisy and her husband Tom Buchanan, their fatal company will reveal to Nick the sordid and black-hearted side to the American Dream.What to say about this book that's not been said before? Should there be a superlative limit for this novel? And where should someone start? Well, I read this book several years ago and decided to re-read it recently to see if the novel was as good as I remembered, as clever and well written, as fun and as sad, and with a beating heart still behind it; and I was glad to find that it still did.Nick Carraway is a brilliant narrator, flawed and biased, yet all-seeing out of all the characters; we see Gatsby as a charming personality at first and then slowly and subtly see the flaws in his character, see through the lies that go into the creation of his persona and the darkness beneath. We see Daisy and Tom as a sad married couple - Daisy full of regret yet unable to leave because of her love of Tom's money and Tom with his numerous infidelities and foul temper showing how the rich can live a life free of consequence.The book contains many images of startling beauty such as Gatsby's glittering parties wearing his pink tuxedo, the green light from Daisy's window in the night, the decayed ruins of Gatsby's mansion, the decadent empty Buchanan household - and the stench of squandered privilege, crime and death that accompanies it all.The writing is of the highest quality, each sentence perfectly written and filled with layers making up rich paragraphs and textured pages - it's not hard to see why Fitzgerald is canonised and celebrated when the writing in ""Gatsby"" is this good. But that's not to say that it's unreadable to people looking for a good read - it's perfectly approachable, understandable, and fun. The scenes are so full of life and action that it's as compelling to read purely for its story of doomed love between Gatsby and Daisy. The scene between Gatsby, Daisy and Tom is as explosive to read the first time as it is to re-read it again and again.But because the writing is so good, the story so layered and full of symbols with a strong theme and message, it's no wonder this book has had untold numbers of books and papers written about its complexities and nuances - how truly magnificent a work of art it is. I won't go into the various themes and sub-texts as this review will turn into a sprawling mini-book of its own but suffice it to say Fitzgerald explores the theme of how wealth in America means the rich can do what they want to the poor and the law can't touch you if you have cash, with a wry and precise eye that still has relevance nearly a century after it was written.And why is Gatsby great? Because he is the embodiment of the American Dream - a working class boy who became rich; a self-made man, yet his pursuit of riches and love were all illusions in the end. Riches come and go and love can be fickle and deceitful. In the end, Gatsby represents the poor to Daisy and Tom's rich, and like the poor paying for the sins of the rich, Gatsby too must pay the ultimate price for attempting to join their ranks.""The Great Gatsby"" is a haunting, bitter, and powerful novel of America's elite and their excesses, a damning yet beautiful work of art that captures perfectly an era and a class through wonderfully realised characters in an unforgettable story. A modern tragedy that's of its time but for all time, ""The Great Gatsby"" continues to enchant readers and earn and re-earn its status as a Great American Novel. If you've never read this masterpiece, let me be the first to introduce you to Mr Jay Gatsby - he'll take it from here."
"The Great Gatsby is known as Fitzgerald's finest work. Some have said it is possibly the ""Great American Novel."" It's written spare rather than over-done, yet rich in language and well plotted. While I can honestly say I don't personally know any idle rich Eastern effete snobs living very well off inherited or illegally earned money, I believed I got to know these characters. That's a pretty good trick for an author.While I could not directly identify with them, I could identify with their obsessions: greed, money, lust, ambition, success, shallow living, though I make myself feel better about it by saying, ""to a much lesser degree, of course."" This is a book about ""careless people... they smashed up things ... then retreated back into their money or their vast carelessness, or whatever it was that kept them together, and let other people clean up the mess they had made...""It's a book full of such great descriptions:Nick, ""Reserving judgment is a matter of infinite hope.""The two girls in white dresses, ""... their impersonal eyes in the absence of all desire"".Tom, ""Something was making him nibble at the edge of stale ideas as if his sturdy physical egotism no longer nourished his peremptory heart.""Mrs. Wilson, ""... there was an immediate perceptible vitality about her as if the nerves of her body were continually smoldering.""Nick, ""I was within and without, simultaneously enchanted and repelled by the inexhaustible variety of life.""Jordan, ""The bored haughty face that she turned to the world concealed something - most affectations conceal something...""Nick, ""but I am slow thinking and full of interior rules that act as brakes on my desires...""And, ""My incredulity was submerged in fascination now; it was like skimming hastily through a dozen magazines...""Or, ""There are only the personal, the pursuing, the busy, and the tired.""And, ""I tried to go then, but they wouldn't hear of it; perhaps my presence made them feel satisfactorily alone.""And Nick referring to guilt, ""... and it occurred to me that there was no difference between men, in intelligence or race, so profound as the difference between the sick and the well.""Enough said. Everyone should read it."
"Written for a generation that was brought up on Haratio Alger's formulaic juvenile novels, F. Scott Fitzgerald's ""Great Gatsby"" dispels the myth of the American Dream.  If you want to read a rags-to-riches story with a happy ending, you had better read something by Jackie Collins. Jay Gatsby is a tragic antihero who rises from humble beginnings to flamboyant riches while chasing a single dream. Nick, the narrator, describes Gatsby as having an ""extraordinary gift for hope, a romantic readiness such as I have never found in another person and which it is not likely I shall ever find again."" If money cold by everything, then Gatsby would have been the most fortunate of men. Unfortunately, his dream became an illusion. On Gatsby's deathbed, Nick ponders that Gatsby ""paid a high price for living too long with a single dream."" The reality of the situation is that Gatsby is a man in love. His life was a concerted effort focused solely on winning Daisy back: acquiring wealth, buying the house across the bay, throwing his lavish parties, and befriending Nick.Gatsby is tragic because he, like everyone else, suffered from loneliness and wanted to experience authentic caring. He thought he found that in Daisy. He spent his life building wealth, mostly illicitly, in a misguided scheme to bring Daisy to him. Money was not his end but the means to his end. The people with money, represented by Tom and Daisy, do not care about authenticity or love: ""They were careless people, Tom and Daisy - they smash up things and creatures and then retreat back into their money or their vast carelessness, or whatever it was that kept them together, and let other people clean up their mess for them.""  In a classically tragic ending, death is abundant. Not just people, but dreams. Gatsby's image of Daisy that Gatsby built up is now completely dead. The reality fails to live up to his expectations.  The reality of the situation is that Gatsby was a man in love with an image.  While Gatsby concentrated all of his life on winning Daisy back, the nouveau riche could not see  beyond their own enjoyment. Told with an eye for cynicism, The Great Gatsby is an American classic and beautifully written; any group of lines can be extracted and appreciated on their own merits. The message of the Great Gatsby is just as poignant today as it was in the Jazz age."
"""The Great Gatsby"" by F. Scott Fitzgerald is a book told through the eyes of Nick Carraway, a humble character from the Midwest who finds himself surrounded by a wealthy crowd of people. Nick lives across Jay Gatsby, a mysterious figure who surrounds himself with extravagancies and people he considers extravagant. Gatsby's idea is to rekindle his romantic relationship with Daisy Buchanan, who's since married Tom Buchanan. Nick reintroduces Daisy to Gatsby. Gatsby's relationship with Daisy is based off of a lie and they never get back together. Daisy stays with Tom. Gatsby's killed in the end by a delusional widower. What ""The Great Gatsby"" does best is captures the fickleness of upper-class society. Gatsby who was not born into money adores Daisy for her popularity and money. Gatsby lies to Daisy and tells her he's rich. Not content with himself, Gatsby's idea is to become rich so that Daisy will continue to love him when they're reunited. Fitzgerald succeeds in telling the story from Nick's point of view. Nick is intrigued by the glamor that surrounds him in New York, but never submits to the notion that money will provide him with happiness. Nicks quiet demeanor allows for Gatsby to go about his wasteful spending uninterrupted. When Nick finds Gatsby hiding in a bush outside of Daisy mansion, the hollowness of the upper-class is put subtly into perspective. Together, Tom, Daisy, and Gatsby create a very comedic dynamic. The three are all so rich that they're bored and their meaningless pursuits lead them ironically into some of the most primitive confrontations. ""The Great Gatsby"" is simple to read and this style compliments the characters the book is written about intelligently. There is nothing solid behind the glitter that cloaks Gatsby's life. By the time Gatsby dies, it feels about right, because by the end of the book, it's clear he's nothing ""great"". Fitzgerald does an excellent job of keeping the novel moderately paced, as the story feels that it does all characters involved justice."
"The first time I read The Great Gatsby was for school and at first I was apprehensive about it. After completing a few chapters my worries were swayed and I realized that this book would become one of my favorites. The story follows Nick Carraway around New York and his interactions with the citizens of this pretentious society mainly Tom, Daisy, and Jay Gatsby. One aspect of what makes The Great Gatsby such an excellent and timeless novel is the character development. Gatsby's character is mainly developed through interactions with Nick and Nick's descriptions and opinions of him. Also, Fitzgerald's prose and syntax come off naturally and help the flow of the novel and the accessibility of it as a whole. The tale of unrequited love and the yearning to live in the past was very identifiable to me which in return made the novel overall more appealing. Upon rereading The Great Gatsby, this time purely for pleasure, the story and the characters overall felt more real and deeper. It seems that this is one of those novels that every time you read it again it gets better and better. I have now read The Great Gatsby about four or five times and it never loses its appeal or meaning through re-readings. Isn't that what a timeless novel should do? If that's the case, then The Great Gatsby is definitely a classic novel not only because it fits the formula, but also because it's full of superb writing and characters. It's the perfect novel for someone who is unhappy with their present state or someone who loves a person but they do not feel the same way, or if you just want a well developed story that will change the way you look at things. Overall it's an excellent story that everyone should read at some point because we all of the tendency to want to relive the past and can learn the pitfall of this from none other than Jay Gatsby himself."
"I have heard it said that English is not a beautiful sounding language and that American prose in particular seems tone-deaf.  I submit that people that say these things have never read Fitzgerald's ""The Great Gatsby.""But if the beautiful sentences were simply that, the book would not work on the deeper level that gripped me within a couple pages.  There has been criticism of, ""The Great Gatsby"" that its overly romantic but I think the book is tapping into something more than that.  It embodies and presents the American yearning for identity which is part wealth, part status, part beauty and part awe.  This yearning goes beyond anything attainable and into the dangerous realm of self-delusion to which even someone as strong and decent as Gatsby succumbs.Gatsby isn't a tragic hero because want he seeks isn't monumental - the adulterous love of Daisy but the way he pursues her is heroic because it consumes his whole life.  Everything he is and does is aimed at gaining access to the social strata in which she lives.  And the novel shows that elite society to be superficial, empty and thoughtless but Gatsby can't see that because he is so consumed with obtaining Daisy.And someone could write an entire dissertation (and probably several people have) on the role of the automobile in Great Gatsby.  When the book was written in 1923-24, the automobile was just on its way to becoming mainstream.  They weren't a luxury but neither had they yet become commonplace.  Fitzgerald was able to see the car not just as a symbol of his character's reckless disregard but as embodying both the rush to freedom and the ugly ruin of American life.  The ash heaps and haunting eyes staring out from of the Dr. T.J. Eeckleburg billboard is where autos refill and where a pedestrian is run over by Gatsby's car.  The automobile allowed the characters impulsively decide to drive to New Yok City for drinks they don't even consume but to do so they must travel through industrial and commercial blight.  Isn't this the devil's bargain we have all surrendered to?"
"...applied to the star rating of books. In brief, the Doppler effect addresses the perceived frequency of waves, such as a fire truck's siren, by taking into account the actual frequency, and the relative speeds of the source of the sound, and the observer. So too with books; your opinion is so often determined by your particular circumstances, perhaps rushing towards the source, or enjoying the lengthening perspective that life in its fullness can provide. Unlike so many of the now familiar 1-star reviews, written by students forced to read the book as an assignment, I first read this book, of my own free will, more or less, when I was in Vietnam, some 40 plus years ago. When you are living in a bunker, the whining of the rich, and their self-induced troubles, does not go down well, and if Amazon had existed then, the best I could have mustered would have been a 2-star rating.But a friend chided me into undertaking a second read.  And I found a finely crafted novel, yes, concerning the rich, primarily; set in the early years of the ""Roaring 20's."" The story is told through the voice of Ned Carraway, standing in that proverbial inertial reference frame, a migrant from the Mid-West, attempting to scratch a living by selling bonds on Wall Street, and living in modest circumstances on Long Island. The book's essential theme is lost love, or more precisely, lost opportunities in courtship, and involves the title character, Jay Gatsby (né Jimmy Gatz), and his desire for Tom Buchanan's wife, Daisy, whom he had briefly known before her marriage. She requites, for sure. The ""minor characters"" do their share of suffering. There is plenty of philandering all around, and a somewhat predictable Greek tragedy denouement.Fitzgerald tells his story well, and it is relatively fast-paced and dense. There are sufficient insights to maintain the interest. Tom exudes much of the stupidity and bigotry that so often goes with wealth. Consider the following statement: ""...Nowadays people begin by sneering at family life and family institutions, and next they'll throw everything overboard, and have intermarriage between black and white."" At another point, Fitzgerald says of Tom: ""As for Tom, the fact that he `had some woman in New York' was really less surprising than that he had been depressed by a book. Something was making him nibble at the edge of stale ideas as if his sturdy physical egotism no longer nourished his preemptory heart.""But the primary focus is on Gatsby. And therein were some problems. Somerset Maugham did the ""obsession with a woman"" thing to perfection. Fitzgerald's explanation of Gatsby's obsession was substantially weaker. And then there is the matter of his rapid acquisition of wealth. Could it have occurred so quickly, under any circumstances, since the novel was set in the early 20's, instead of the late 20's?The Rich really are different than you and me, as the old saw goes. The concentration of wealth in the United States, even in the midst of the Great Recession, exceeds even that of the `20's, so the foibles, prejudges, and contrived problems of the lucky, or is it unlucky few, from that prior era, merit another look, as the wavelength of that receding period lengthens, along with perspective of the reader.A 5-star read, but not one of the 10 best American novels of all time."
"I suppose it's arguable that this is a great novel but it's certainly one of the best written in English in the first half of the twentieth century.  It's the story of a man who fell in love with a flighty young girl five years earlier, lost track of her while trying to become worthy, then tried to ""recapture the past"" although she had reverted to flirtatious and materialistic form and married an enormously wealthy buffoon.Fitzgerald really hit it out of the park with this one.  Nothing of his that I've read elsewhere -- excepting a few short stories and essays -- approaches the quality of ""The Great Gatsby.""  It's an immense literary achievement, though it's short and sweet.It's not a wildly experimental exercise in style -- not Joycean or Faulknerian.  Fitzgerald's prose flows along in its own simple, comprehensible, ironic way, with occasional decorative adornments -- fractured sets of impressions here and there, but nothing to impede our interest in the plot.What I mean is that stuff HAPPENS in ""The Great Gatsby.""  Let me think.  Adultery, illegal drinking, a horrible automobile accident, a smashed nose, impolite snubs, unabashed greed, suicide and murder.It's not a simple love story.  Gatsby's love for the shallow Daisy is one of the few things that propel him.  It's as fundamental to his character as the air he breathes.  He's harnessed to it.Then there is the covert theme -- not very covert -- of social distinctions, the gap between the awesomely rich and the rest of us.  Gatsby is marked as nouveau because ""he wears a pink suit"", drives a gaudy car, and hangs with the wrong people.  ""Rich girls don't marry poor boys,"" is the way Daisy puts it, but she's wrong about that.  She might better have said ""old money doesn't marry new money.""  It would still have been off the mark, but less so.  And I'm compelled to mention the quietly comic observations that the narrator, Nick Carraway, makes from time to time.All this, and more, is given to us in some exquisitely genteel prose.  Is it okay if I quote some examples?  Fitzgerald is describing the desolate neighborhood near the gas station where his mistress lives.  ""This is a valley of ashes -- a fantastic farm where ashes grow like wheat into ridges and hills and grotesque gardens; where ashes take the forms of houses and chimneys and rising smoke and, finally, with a transcendant effort, of men who move dimly and already crumbling through the powdery air.  Occasionally a line of gray cars crawls along an invisible track, gives out a ghastly creak, and comes to rest, and immediately the ash-gray men spring up with leaden spades and stir up an impenetrable cloud, which screens their obscure operations from your sight.""What he's done in this paragraph (I could have chosen a dozen others) is move subtly from the metaphorical to the real with our hardly being sensible of it.  Of course, piles of ashes aren't really houses and chimneys, but the men with the spades are material enough.  Yet the whole thing fits together like a painting, the laborers barely discernible among the clouds of ash.Fitzgerald can give us a flash shot of character.  The narrator, Nick Carraway, visits Tom, an arrogant, cruel, self-indulgent ex-football player he met at Yale but hasn't seen for years.  Tom waits for him, legs apart, at the stop of the stairs.  Then he puts his arm over Nick's shoulders, turns him around, and sweeps his hand across the vista presented by the estate he lives in.  Tom's first sentence:  ""I've got a nice place here.""Fitzgerald can write ""pretty"" too.  Daisy and Tom live in an atmosphere that's constantly compared to champagne, wedding cakes, icing, filigree, and white toilet powder.  Gatsby's night-time social brawls:  ""In his blue gardens, the girls and men came and went like moths among the champagne and the whispering and the stars.""  One sentence gives us everything we need to know.  ""Blue gardens.""  ""Moths.""It's not just the style that makes this an outstanding novel.  It's the structure too.  In Alfred Hitchcock's ""Psycho,"" the major star, Janet Leigh, is murdered half-way through the film.  One gasps, killing off the star with a brutal murderer who comes out of nowhere.  Fitzgerald does pretty much the same thing with the mystery that constantly simmers behind Gatsby's real identity.  Who is Gatsby?  Where does he come from?  How did he make his fortune?  Did he kill a man?  The answers are traditionally saved for the climactic ending but Fitzgerald throws them at us half-way through the story, as the maniac sweeps aside the shower curtain and puts an end to the heroine in the bath tub.  A daring and risky step.When Gatsby finally begins to grasp Daisy's true nature, ""he must have looked up at an unfamiliar sky through frightening leaves and shivered as he found what a grotesque thing a rose is....""  And, of course, the book's last sentence is one of the best remembered in American literature, drawing our attention in the direction of dead visions, and not just Gatsby's."
"I read Great Gatsby back in Junior High and my only real memories were that it was boring and the characters were unloveable/unredeemable.Finally getting around to re-reading it with more literature behind me, I have a much different take.  While still not a favorite read of mine, I found it more entertaining than I remember and I actually came away engaged in the story and the characters.Reading it this time, I was more distinctly aware of the prohibition era in which these characters were revolving and the extent to which that directed some of their actions.  The drinking/partying took on a new aspect.  It also gave me a greater perception into Gatsby's character and his relation to society as a whole and the society he was trying to 'break into' (Daisy's).There was still plenty of superficiality to the characters...but that doesn't mean these characters are flat.  On the contrary, I saw a lot more depth this time around than in my early teens.  I was very impressed by the way Fitzgerald added so much depth to these characters while at the same time providing them with so little substance.I enjoyed looking more closely at the interactions between Gatsby and Daisy and the way the various relationships worked.  Now that I've actually dated and married, I viewed the relationships in a different light and could better understand the tension, jealousy and hypocritical behavior going on.I would like to have seen more development of the pseudo-relationship between Nick and Jordan, but I think leaving it vague throughout and then ending it abruptly allows for more in-depth thinking than if Nick and Jordan had happily escaped the tragedy surrounding them.I seem to remember there being significant discussion about the East/West geography in my Junior High English class...but reading it this time, I just didn't see that as a main motif.  Sure, we had ""West Egg"" and ""East Egg"" and various New York parties and excursions.  But when you get down to it, the East/West thing didn't work...partly because all of the main characters are just transplanted anyway (they all came from the west/midwest) and partly because the culture around them felt contrived anyway rather than some high culture that would be representative of the ""true culture"" of established Eastern money or whatever.I had forgotten some of the details of the climax and the ending and so was a little taken off guard when everything unraveled.  Parts of the climax scenes felt a little rushed or underdeveloped, but still provided a satisfying turn of events to the story arc, even if the end of the book left me a little unsettled (which is part of the intent, I believe).My initial rating from my Junior High memories was 2 out of 5 stars.  With a more mature perspective on reading and having read a whole lot more and learned a whole lot more, I can give a better rating and say that I can see now why this book is held up as a classic.  It's not the action packed thriller or adventure novel that I may have wanted as a young teenager, but it is a thought provoking and engaging narrative exploring class and relationships in a turbulent world.****4 stars"
"""The Great Gatsby"" is a sad book. But perhaps the saddest thing of all is that F Scott Fitzgerald's tragic, moving portrayal of the American Dream demonstrates that the typical American's pre-occupation with the yearning for wealth, class and an easier life can ultimately be so empty, so meaningless and so utterly unfulfilling.When Nick Carraway left what he saw as a comfortable but mundane existence in the Midwest, he moved East to a magnetic New York City to learn the bond business. Renting a ""weather beaten cardboard bungalow"" in a town called West Egg on Long Island, he met a distant cousin, Daisy Buchanan; her husband, Tom, struggling to live up to the brilliance of a university football career in New Haven; and his next door neighbour, Jay Gatsby, an enigmatic man whose wealth had originated from mysterious means. The many rumours hinted at everything from Prohibition rum-running to murder.The actual plot of the story, told through the eyes of narrator Nick Carraway, is so utterly pointless and virtually directionless as to leave the reader wondering how such simplistic, almost mindless melodrama manages to be so compelling and so captivating.Nick tells the story of his move to New York City. We learn that Jay Gatsby had fallen in love with Daisy Buchanan several years earlier, at a time when he was an impoverished nobody and couldn't hope to marry someone like her. After Gatsby leaves to go to war, her subsequent marriage to Tom Buchanan is ultimately unsuccessful as Tom has an affair with Myrtle Wilson, the wife of a local mechanic. Jay Gatsy, now wealthy almost beyond imagining as a result of his involvement in criminal activities - the details of which are never fully disclosed in the story - asks Nick to re-connect him with his former love as he seeks to have Daisy admit that she had never stopped loving him since their first affair many years earlier. Gatsby desperately wants Daisy to confess she had never actually loved her husband at all.The reader witnesses a non-stop whirl of debauchery as the shadowy Gatsby hosts an endless string of decadent, liquor-soaked bacchanales at his Long Island mansion. The readers are left to question Gatsby's motives as he is portrayed as an observer who never truly participates in his own parties. Indeed, the majority of his guests are clearly pretenders to his acquaintance and wannabe seekers of the trappings of wealth who have never even met their host and wouldn't know him to speak to him on the street.The climax of the story arrives after a tragi-comic confrontational gathering of virtually the entire cast of Fitzgerald's tale - Tom and Daisy, Jay Gatsby, Nick Carraway and his erstwhile lover, tennis player Jordan Baker - sitting in a steamy, overheated, hotel room sipping on iced mint juleps casually discussing whether or not Daisy's future rests with Tom or with Gatsby.The brim of the cup that is ""The Great Gatsby"" runneth over with licentiousness, hypocrisy, greed, amorality, false friendship and weak-kneed love - in other words, a veritable cocktail of moral turpitude to sip or swill and digest while pondering its base flavours plus a variety of notes and subtle overtones.In hindsight, it is also worth considering the irony that, as a bond trader on Wall Street in 1925, Carraway would have had but a scant four years remaining before encountering the Wall Street Crash and the utter collapse of his fantastical New York world. Perhaps F Scott Fitzgerald was prescient as well as a brilliant writer who would have us take away the message that it might be worth a moment to reconsider the true meaning and value of every American's fondest ""American Dream""!Highly recommended.Paul Weiss"
"The main story -- a romantic man's doomed attempt to recapture the love of an immature woman -- was less enthralling than expected. Daisy seemed hardly worth all the trouble Gatsby took, and for that matter, neither did entry into her world. She was a cipher. The use of a narrator to connect the various characters was interesting; how could the book have been written otherwise? But at times the plot felt contrived, as with the switching of cars and an accident, and the symbolism around the valley of ashes seemed heavy-handed. Other than the passive narrator, the people lacked even a small degree of self-awareness. The one who seemed the least conflicted and most sure of himself was the brutal, self-centered Tom.It was the lesser details in this novel that were enjoyed most. A montage at the end of the second chapter in which the drunken narrator moved from an elevator, to a bedroom, to Penn Station. How Gatsby's smile affected those who saw it. A mansion housing a library of books with their pages uncut. The vapidity of a man who tried to act out his limited idea of the good life but had little of interest to say and thought San Francisco was in the Middle West. Dogged efforts at self-improvement linked to shallow goals. A shady character eating with ""ferocious delicacy."" The way Daisy conveyed her love for a character in just a few words said lightly in front of her husband. The class disdain someone like Tom felt for the main character -- he couldn't be an Oxford man because he wore a pink suit. The gust of hot shrubbery from Central Park wafting through the upper windows of the Plaza Hotel. The author's description of how it felt to reach 30. And the concluding paragraphs, which can still move despite the superficiality of the people portrayed."
"note: please read the actual book to fully experience before seeing this review (which might in some ways ruin the EXPERIENCE of the story for you) because this book is truly special in my view as a readerThe Great Gatsby, narated by Nick, a young man who moved into the West Egg (the place in Long Island for the ""newly rich"") from the Mid-West, about his next door neighbor, Jay Gatsby who represented ""everything for which I [Nick] has a unaffected scorn"" yet whose character is ""nothing short of gorgeous."" Gatsby is the embodiment of the ideal American, wealthy, handsome, young, and a dreamer.  While living in a house of luxury and hosting extravagant parties with hundreds of guests, Gatsby seeks a long unseen lover, Daisy, from his youth in the midwest before he went to the Great War (World War I). The idea of Daisy is represented throughout the first half of the book by a physically distant but emotionally near green light at the end of a dock across the lake outside of Gasby's house.  When Gatsby finds out that Daisy is Nick's cousin, he proves himself to Nick and tells Nick his life story (which no one truly know and even from told from Gatsby's own mouth, can't be fully believed) for a favor from Nick to arrange a meeting between him and Daisy. Although Daisy, living in the East Egg (the wealthier side of Long Island), is married to a wealthy and mucho but cynical Tom with whom she already have a daughter, Gatsby nonetheless ignores the present and focuses more on making the past (a past with only he and Daisy) the future. Gatsby dwells in the past, the life he could have had with Daisy, and is focused on bringing it back while ignoring what is.  Gatsby's image is in many ways, larger than life, and so are all his beliefs. His character is indeed gorgeous for its rarity and capacity. The great Gatsby, is a incredible young man who has the tangibles but wants the intangibles, who physically lives in the present but emotional lives in the past, and who dreams about the future while pursuing the past.  Gatsby, his subtle but incredible character, opens a knew level of conscience and understanding towards the vast human nature and the world in general.The Great Gatsby, while showing several divisions and struggles of all the characters between society (the East Egg and the West Egg) and geography (the Midwest and the East), the core of the book, dreams, possibilies, freedom, and Gatsby who represents all, brings us all together. The book is nothing short of Great."
"Each time I was forced to read a book during my four years of high school, the first thing I would say was ""this one must be boring too"". I read The Great Gatsby in my senior year of high school, and of course, it was not particularly my favorite book. If someone asked me why I did not like it for the first time, I would say that I was not concerned about the author's language but the plot of the book.  About a year after I had read the book, I chose to read The Great Gatsby for the second time because I wanted to know what other people meant when they referred to Fitzgerald's ""beautiful writing."" Even though I chose to read The Great Gatsby, by myself, I did not expect to get something different out of it. However, surprisingly, the second time was so much better than the first time. Before I read this book for the second time, I did not understand what my English teacher meant by ""beautiful writing"". I do not want to say that it is the best book that I have read in my life, but it has descriptive writing that keeps people's attentions. I can say with confidence that it is a well-written book that has ""beautiful writing"" and engaging characters.  I can picture Gatsby's parties and what Daisy looks like because of the metaphors that Fitzgerald uses in his book. I consider The Great Gatsby one of the ""greatest"" American novels because it not only entertains people but also leaves many questions. However, I looked at other reviews from the Amazon.com, and I was little upset that some people did not appreciate Fitzgerald's writing.  My advice to high school students who did not enjoy this book is that they should try to read it outside of school. I guarantee that everyone will have a different reaction to the book the second time."
"A lot of people tend to say The Great Gatsby is an overrated piece of literature, however I agree with the majority that considers it one of the finest pieces of 20th Century American literature (or literature from any period, from any country for that matter). The story is pretty familiar to most so I won't summarize it, however if it's possible for you I highly recommend listening to the 1984 audio cassette version narrated by Frank Mueller (who was and indeed still is probably the greatest audio-book reader anywhere). Mueller's rich and inflective voice is a joy to listen to; he makes the story's prose -- already inherently poetic -- even more beautiful by greater life by stressing certain words/phrases and changing his voice slightly for each character.This book seems a little short but it accomplishes a lot for what it is. It's a simple basic story with a lot of complex symbolic meanings, and that's probably why it gets studied so much. If you want further fascinating reads, a biography of Fitzgerald's turbulent life (he died young at 40) reads like a true-life allegory of his stories.So, definitely read the book! Definitely listen to the tapes! Definitely watch the 1974 Redford film NOT because it's particularly well dramatized but just for the great costumes and period settings. After watching the movie, even though I didn't think it was a good one, I still picture Robert Redford as Gatsby, the shrill Mia Farrow as Daisy, and that one dork whom I can't name as her husband, Tom.A special treat might be the 50s version starring former heartthrob and current dead actor Montgomery Clift. He gives a subtle, nuanced performance compared to Redford's ""it's okay if I can't act well in this movie because I'm good looking!"" portrayal."
"This is one of the better books that I have read. The Great Gatsby by Francis Scott Fitzgeralds. It is a novel that will expand your intellect and is also a very popular book that a lot of people enjoy reading and find it easy to understand. The book was published in 1925, and the setting takes place in 1922. The narrator, who is also one of the main characters Nick Carraway is a fairly young man from Minnesota who went to an Ivy League School which is also known as Yale. After the war he moves to New York and he works in the city. The other main character Jay Gatsby young man alittle older than Nick he is very rich and is a very mysterious person. He dosnt allow people to know his true identity and people make up stories about who he is but no one in the beginning has ever seen him before. He fell inlove with Nicks cousin a while ago her name is Daisy and she lives across the pond from him. He ask for Nicks help throughout the story to try and get back with her. Nick in the beginning gives advice that his dad has given him and talks about his life and what he enjoys about it. Is this book he doesn't critisize other people and just tells the story as it is.Nick is learning business that's why he moved to New York. The house he has in rented which is right next to Gatsbys house, he throws parties nearly every night. One day he goes to visit his Cousin Daisy and her Husband, he meets a young women who seems to take well to him her name is Jordan Baker she is a profesional tennis player. She said that her and Gatsby used to date before the war. Gatsby now asks of Nick to arrange a meeting with him and Daisy at Nicks house. By this time Nick has met with Gatsby a few times and they are becoming more familuar with eachother. Once they have the arrangment and Daisy and Gatsby are reuinited this is where all of the problems begin in the novel. Gatsby's true self begins to reveal once he starts seeing Daisy the relation ship between Nick and Jordan is getting stronger while the relaiton ship between Daisy and her husband is weekening. Daisy's husband is having an affair while he is with Daisy with a women named Murtle she is the wife of a guy who owns a gas station in the middle of the town that Gatsby often travels through. Gatsbys affair with Daisy tends to get him into some trouble along the way it is a exampl of love and affairs and what happens to them along the windy road."
"""The Great Gatsby"" is a novel centered around obsession, extravagance, and the perils associated with these things.  The narrator is Nick Carraway, whose seemingly dull life is meant as a contrast with the lives of the other characters.  Jay Gatsby is the title character, whose true identity remains hidden for most of the novel.  He has created a life for himself: a new identity, a disreputable job, and elaborate parties, all a front to impress the woman of his dreams.  Daisy Buchanan lives in fashionable East Egg, with her husband Tom.  Their life is consumed by maintaining an outward façade of wealth and perfection.  The truth, like Gatsby's life, is much less glamorous.  Daisy is bored and restless, and Tom keeps a mistress in the City. Nick, at the beginning of the plot has rented a house on Gatsby's property, and conveniently is also Daisy's cousin.  Gatsby comes up with the brilliant idea of recruiting Nick to help him seduce Daisy.  Daisy is immediately attracted to the excitement that seems to surround Gatsby.  The dangers of his business dealings, and the constant flow of strangers that attend his parties seem so different from her calm life with her husband.  Both of them are desperate for some change, and believe that all their dreams will be realized when they are together. Fitzgerald in this novel has created an American classic.  His tale of decadence and destruction is an essential work of fiction.  He has taken the ""roaring 20's"", and shown the negative side of luxury and wealth.  Although at times he seems to be advocating lewd parties, or adultery, he is merely trying to show what ends come to people who partake in these activities.  One cannot help but sympathize with Gatsby. He is a man who is convinced that he must be something other than himself in order to impress the woman he loves.  Yet all his efforts prove in vain when he realizes that Daisy would never make him happy, and still his pursuit of her still leads to his death. In reading this I felt that one could not help but enjoy it.  The plot lacks dramatic action scenes, but this is made up for with the complex social situations that Fitzgerald showcases.  Its appeal also lies in the readers' strange attraction to a character who is less than perfect (Gatsby), and distaste for a character who seems to have the least flaws (Nick)."
"The Great Gatsby, by F. Scott Fitzgerald is a great novel! I would first like to tell you that upon my first reading of the novel I was not impressed. My first reading of the novel was when I was a freshman in high school. I didn't enjoy reading nor did I appreciate writing at that time. My disliking of reading contributed and affected my views on the book drastically. I decided to give the book another try again seven years later and I love it! I think if the book is read by an experienced reader at any age, then one could appreciate the book for the many great aspects and details provided for the readers.This novel brings to us many feelings. It demonstrates to us how greed, wealth, love, ambition, success, lover's triangles, and one's desire can change life. Once all those things are linked together the plot becomes very intense. I enjoyed that the novel included all of those life's happenings.The plot to the novel is very exciting. It portrays the early 1900's and the Jazz Age beautifully. I enjoyed that the plot was directed towards what daily life could bring to one's self. The characters, plot, daily occurrences, opportunities, employment, and the struggles in the book were all a very good representation of early American life. I feel the book portrayed real life, real problems, and real people. While reading the book I never thought or found what I was reading to be far fetched.I enjoyed that the book was told by a character that wasn't the main character. I enjoyed the perspective that it gave by looking into Gatsby's life and not Gatsby simply being informative about his life story. I also enjoyed that the main characters were not the only focus in the book! There were additional characters that were linked in many different ways to the main ones and were introduced and then continuously followed upon. The book became to be a story about many people and how life`s obstacles affected their decisions, choices, and life in general.I think anyone who enjoys reading should read this novel at least once. The novel has a very nice story line that I think most everyone should enjoy it! I give this book 4 stars!!!!"
"I really liked this book.  It was a very intriguining novel and I thoroughly enjoyed it.  Though at times I found it somewhat difficult to follow, and found myself re-reading paragraphs to better understand it.  At first I believed the theme to be that of a love story, but further reading brought me to find the main theme, which was the American dream in the 1920's.  The dream was to become wealthy and socially excepted by a higher class, even if it meant going against your morals.  I think I like this novel because I can relate the dream of the 1920's to be very similar to that of today.  This connection helped me to stay interested and better understand what the theme was about.My favorite character was Nick Carraway even though he had no desire to achieve this dream.  He possessed a very strong character and did not give in to the immoral things his neighbors did, which separated him from the rest.  Nick was the middle man and it was interesting to see how he learned of everyone's affairs, even his cousin's, which he had a hand in setting up.  He was also the narrator, so his ideas and views influenced the reader's feelings about the story, as we saw the account from his point of view. This is the first novel that I have ever read where the main character was not in the beginning or end of the story.  Nick was the person who was important in the beginning and end of the book, though he was not the main character. This approach was very appealing and pretty amazing.  Jay Gatsby was another character that I found interesting.  He was the main character of the story and was who the novel revolved around.  He was a young man who made his millions illegally and only did it to win his long-life love back.  And that is why at first I believed the theme to be about love.The ending of the novel was very attention grabbing.  I would have never guessed it to end that way.  I think the ending was the best part.  It really showed the American dream and how immoral people can be to one another.  The ending really made me think about my dreams and how I should be careful in all things I do and that I should always stick to my morals."
"This Review refers to the paperback edition of The Great Gatsby, by F. Scott Fitzgerald with additional content by Matthew J. Bruccoli and Charles Scribner III.The Great Gatsby is a book which deals with the actions and consequences surrounding life in which an individual has no purpose.  It deals with the quest of one with a purpose, and his attempt to attain it and the purposeless person accompanying it.  This copy includes the sections; �Forward�, �Preface�, �The Text of The Great Gatsby�, and �A Brief Life of F. Scott Fitzgerald� by Matthew J. Bruccoli, ""Publisher's Afterword"" by Charles Scribner III, and (very useful) �Explanatory Notes�, ""Further Reading"", and ""Publisher's Note About the Author"" in addition to the novel.  The added material is useful and informative, providing the reader with welcome information on various aspects of both the author and book.The book is quite faithful to its time period, presenting a world uniquely of its own, a world content to be defined as the 1920s.  There are many historical inclusions, creating an atmosphere of unexpected reality.  The author also sticks to his thoughts concerning social matters, being sure to complete and keep up any attempted efforts in the area.The literary style is very involving, not giving a hint of boredom or disinterest in his work.  His countless corrections and drafts prove their worth in the masterful storytelling ability of its conceiver through the work.  However, Fitzgerald displays more than a few discrepancies regarding geographical and chronological matters.  The style the contributing author, Bruccoli, presents conveys a sense of at least slight disinterest in the topic, damaging his rather valuable additions.  Scribner presents a style that is slightly over praising, but does contribute meaningfully.The chronological and geographical discrepancies detract little from The Great Gatsby, as its true worth and meaning are presented in the lives and actions of the characters.  In conclusion, The Great Gatsby is a very pleasurable read and deserves its classification of literary masterpiece."
"The Great Gatsby is a story about a group of characters that all see things in the wrong perspective. Gatsby, the main character, lives an illegal life for the love of a silly married rich girl named Daisy. Daisy thinks that ignorance will get women far in life. In my opinion she is pretty ignorant her self. Tom, Daisy's husband, thinks that money and power gives him the right to do what he wishes to do, including hit women and cheat on his wife with Myrtle Wilson. Myrtle is also married and hopes to one day live a glamorous life with Tom, but Tom is lying when he said he would leave his wife for Myrtle. Myrtle's husband, George Wilson, is a depressed man that looks at life as though it were covered in ashes. The others live in West Egg also known as New York, the city of sin. These confused individuals all have one thing in common and that is that their outlook on life is all wrong. In the story I found that F. Scott Fitzgerald used colors to help express the characters. He did this by using the green light outside Gatsby's house to show that he had money; he used white dresses that Daisy, Daisy's daughter, and Jordan wore to show they were rich. The Valley of Ashes is a gray gloomy dark depressed place. The author did this to describe the setting more clearly to the reader. I enjoyed the color coordination in the book. The colors make this book more interesting and unique. The characters were overall selfish people that really did not care much about anyone else. Gatsby's love for Daisy clouds his mind and the facts that Daisy is married already and has a child. Their love affair could jeopardize Tom and Daisy's marriage and the daughter. Tom cheats on his wife regardless that there is a child involved. No one in the story really mentions anything about the welfare of the child. Everyone seems to be much too involved in other things. George just wants to up and leave so bad that he overlooks Myrtle's feelings. Myrtle hurts George to the point of depression, and won't even go to a church when his friend suggests it to him. Daisy leads Gatsby on, knowing that she can't and won't leave Tom. Nick's need to be friendly to everyone blinds him to the point were he can't prevent the tragedies that occur when it's possible to do so. If I could change one thing about the book The Great Gatsby it would be Gatsby's love for Daisy. The whole love thing between Gatsby and Daisy dose not make sense at all. I would change this because Gatsby's love for her leads to tragedy. Gatsby could have done better. Gatsby was a strange guy that did too much for too little. Gatsby let himself be taken for granted. I would recommend this book to anyone that is selfish or someone that looks at love, money, power, or dreaming as though this means everything in the world. These things may be good to have but, like in The Great Gatsby, too much can lead a person to his end. This is a book that made me really think about the consequences that result from selfish actions. This book has a great message about life."
"This isn't the first time I have read The Great Gatsby, but it has been awhile. It's pretty much required reading in lots of high school lit classes. I admit, this time around I was re-reading it in preparation for the upcoming movie. After reading I can totally see how a director like Baz Luhrmann would be perfect for a story like this. This is a story that just oozes with atmosphere. F. Scott Fitzgerald is a master crafter of words. The back jacket of my copy explains that he produces ""breathtaking lyricism."" I agree wholeheartedly. The writing in this short novel is absolutely beautiful. It seeps from the pages in a slow, lingering manner that pulls the reader out of the world we are in and into New York of the 1920s. I really, really loved the way that this story was crafted.Here's the short story of what this story is:Daisy is married to Tom.Tom is having an affair with Myrtle Wilson. Everybody knows. Except for Myrtle's husband (maybe).Gatsby is in love with Daisy.Daisy is in love with Gatsby ... and Tom (sort of).Things are going to end badly for lots of people here.That's the basic story. It sounds like a soap opera, doesn't it? Well, in reality this is a story that makes the roaring 20s come alive. It was a time where the rich grew richer, often without thinking of the consequences of any of their actions. It was a time where people enjoyed life to its fullest ... while living in misery at the same time. Appearances mattered, and Gatsby was a master at creating the reality that he believed the people around him wanted to see. The whole story of his life is such a terrible American tragedy. What could have been the story of a self-made man who pulled himself out of poverty into a world of excess and wonder became the story of a man who was torn apart by a reality that he created in his own mind. His obsession with Daisy was so, so sad. Every decision he made in his recent past was made because of this vision of her that he had created in his head. In reality? She was selfish. Horribly, horribly selfish. In my opinion Daisy and Tom were the true villains of this story. They took what they wanted from life and never stood up to accept responsibility for any of their actions. I didn't like this pair at all. I wish that I could say that they got their just rewards at the end. Sadly ... not so much.I can see why this is an American classic. It has an almost magical quality to the writing. It doesn't flow as quickly as many of the modern stories that readers gobble up like candy. It takes a bit of time to set up the story. But once the characters have been established and the atmosphere has been set up, the story flows very quickly. It did leave me with a lot to ponder as I finished. The parallels to the world today are almost frightening in some ways. I love a book that makes me think deeply about greater themes in life. Four stars!"
"The Great Gatsby was chosen by a book club I belonged to. I had originally read it in high school (over 10 years ago), but at the time I thought it was so utterly boring that I couldn't keep up so I had no idea what was happening. I didn't remember anything except for the Green Light. Reading it now was definitely a different experience.I thought many of the characters were very shallow. Tom, Daisy, Jordan, even Gatsby. They were lounging rich folk with too much time and money on their hands. Even before I found out that this was set in a hot Long Island summer, i felt like they were so lazy. During the story NOT MUCH HAPPENS. A lot is revealed about the characters, but action wise, not much.We find out that Gatsby, is NOT so great, that Gatsby and Daisy loved each other at some point, we see a lot of drunk driving, and lavish parties, and the beautiful glitzy life of Roaring Twenties young rich Americans. We see no self-control, or depth.Even Nick Carroway, the narrator, turns out to be a VOID of a character. Rather then someone who takes action, he is the one whom actions happens to. He gets invited to a party, so he goes. He walks into a room and people talk to him, and he doesn't say much in return. People ask favors of him, but he never asks anything. He seems to be dully OKAY with everything, and have no strive for anything. He is a vessel through which secrets are revealed and are passed on, but he has no secrets of his own.Skimming the book after I read it, I see a lot of foreshadowing (which of course I had no idea when reading it the first time). For example, when Nick came to Tom and Daisy's house, and Daisy was lethargic and not talking to anyone until Nick mentioned he lived next door to Gatsby, then she started speaking. Also, when he was at the party, he heard rumors of Gatsby being a bootlegger, and later this also revealed to be true. A green light, for ""go.""What this book does is splendidly, in flowery descriptive language, capture a snapshot of one sector of society during the 20's. You really get a feel for the clothing, the hair, the way they behaved themselves, the interactions between people, the music, and amusements.  The word choice absolutely helped when reading - I was really able to capture the scene, moment, emotion behind something. Exquisite word choice by Fitzgerald.So, did I like the book? Not very. I liked the setting, the era, the language, but the characters were vapid, lacking emotion, initiative, or drive. And the more we find out about these people, the less you like them.I definitely don't think this book should be read in High School. So much of what happened was so minute that its easily missed by teenagers. This book can really only be absorbed by adult readers. Even so, if I didn't have it on audiobook I was probably have a hard time getting through it because it can get dull at times.I should probably mention that I listened to the Great Gatsby on Audiobook. Unabridged, performed by Tim Robbins on 6 CD's. The story itself was the first 5 CD's. The 6th CD were readings of letters that Fitzgerald wrote to his publisher about this book and other projects he was working on. They were interesting little insights into the author. Tim Robbins was a very good reader. They even threw in snippets of Jazz in the beginning and end of every disk, which was a nice touch. Of course, I also took out the hard copy from the library, which I skimmed for comparison.At the book discussion we all agreed that we would have liked to see two things: 1. A follow up to this story, after the great depression, to see what become of them and their money, and 2. an alternate ending - one in which Gatsby is ok. What then? Very curious."
"I have always been a reader, but I have never been terribly interested in fiction. Over the last three years I have slowly developed a taste for it. Because I am such a novice to literary analysis I am not sure how beneficial my review will be, but I will give you my thoughts on this important work. I never had to read this book in High School but I decided to read it in preparation for teaching a High School history class on the 1920's. F. Scott Fitzgerald's book is an important social commentary on his own time. For that matter there are things in this book that are applicable to the world that we live in. It is is a book that is essentially centered around morality and the woes that come to us when we throw off moral restraint and embrace hedonism.The 1920's was a fun period in many ways but it was also bloated. This was an age defined by crime, the tearing down of old social mores, and excess. F. Scott Fitzgerald has strong feelings about this issue. The characters are hard to like and yet they are hard to completely hate. The main character, Nick Carraway, is a small town boy that moves into a nice neighborhood in the city. He is relatively naive in his understanding of the world. He is attracted by the glitz and glamour of city life but soon finds that he is confronted with moral dilemmas that place him in an uncomfortable situation. His cousin Daisy is a fun-loving swinger who seeks, fun, thrills, and financial security even though she is not happy. She is silly and frivolous and likely stands to represent the spirit of the era.  Her husband is an arrogant, bloated, racist, hypocrite who expects his wife to live by standards that he himself does not keep. His attraction to racist ideology reminded me that it was in the 1920's that the KKK was expanding as well as the eugenics movement in Europe. Jordan Baker, the friend of Daisy and the girlfriend of Carraway, is the quintessential carefree Flapper girl that was fun to be with but not necessarily ""the marrying type.""Gatsby is the center of the story. He is the wealthy neighbor of Nick. I thought that Gatsby was the hardest character to analyze. He is at certain points a likable character and yet while he is a better guy than Tom, he seems to have become caught up in the lifestyle he has made for himself. He is empty and hallow and seems to lack a strong moral compass. At times he is commendable and chivalrous. It makes you believe that underneath what was apparent was a person who had the potential to do well. Yet the way he made his money and the seedy, gritty nature of his business showed another side to Gatsby. Nick becomes a friend who feels both admiration and disgust. The most interesting character is not even a character but a pair of eyes on the billboard in downtown New York City. The T.J. Eckleburg sign is in my opinion representative of the eyes of God who sees the entire scenario and silently watches everything.The book was well-written but one of the negative aspect of the book for me was the fact that there were places where it was easy to get lost, and a few times I did become disoriented as to what was going on. The book is thick with symbolism and I found this to be both unique and cumbersome. I am sure there is so much to this book that I was not able to really explore. I was hoping that I would find a unique passage that I could have my students analyze but the book did not really offer a section that was reflective. For example: Dostoevsky in his book ""Brothers Karamazov"" has the great writing called the ""Grand Inquisitor."" This is a piece of literature that can be isolated from the book and examined as it provides great insight into the issue that Dostoevsky is attempting to address. Fitzgerald chose not to do that with this book. However, despite these small issues I am certainly interested in reading more of Fitzgerald's works as it is apparent that he has a lot to say to his generation whether they wanted to hear it or not.The Great Gatsby gives us the message that not everything that glitters is gold. The 1920's look fun and carefree but not everybody thought they were a healthy time. It is message about the emptiness that comes from opulence and indulgence and warns not only his time but every generation of the danger it brings. Wealth and power often bring corruption and while they appear enticing they offer very little. It is a warning of what happens when people throw off moral constraints to rush headlong into a life of pleasure and party. Overall, the book was well done and gave me a good look at one of the ways that people living in the 20's saw their own time. School textbooks tell a ""Disney"" version of history where everything is good and everyone is having fun. The Great Gatsby challenges that idea by offering another perspective of the time. I think this benefits students to enable them to see events through various sets of eyeballs. Needless to say, this is well worth the read."
"Contemporarily, when one undertakes a classic literary paragon such as ""Gatsby"", it isn't usually just for the sheer pleasure of reading a ""good book""...one typically reads it to feel the need to be connected to writing so sublime that one could almost draw spiritual innervations from it. Some, on the other hand, may feel the need to be grounded in literature so rich and provocative that upon returning to contemporary fiction, they then have a yardstick with which to compare. Others, still, may derive and extract lost emotions that only the classics can emote.Whatever vehicle drives one back to consider ""Gatsby"", the outcome can only lead to some interesting and, perhaps, novel conclusions. This reader's motivation, for example, was a recent reading of Dan Okrent's marvelous account of the bootlegging `20's in ""Last Call"" a history of prohibition wherein Okrent describes disparate characters very much similar to Fitzgerald's Jay Gatsby and the socio-culture of the ""jazz-age"" that is depicted so eloquently in ""Gatsby"". Whatever the engine, returning to this prodigious work by Fitzgerald, the reader is again struck by the grandiloquence of the wording, the grandeur of the scene setting, the power of the plot and the gut-wrenching and heartfelt sensibilities of the narrator as he and thus the reader are dragged along in a story so strong and powerful, we immediately recognize the brilliance of Fitzgerald as an archetype fiction writer and also, then, the work of ""Gatsby"" as his literary masterpiece.True, there are criticisms that have abounded for decades...the character development especially for Daisy and Tom Buchanan are almost deplorably one dimensional. Some of the criticisms of Gatsby follow this same line...he appears to be horribly shallow and unfeeling; immature in an unsettling way as to drive the reader to wonder what Daisy (no mature stalwart herself by any standard) ever saw in him. Also, the tragic Wilson's are almost laughable in their lack of earnestness and believability...Fitzgerald provides an antagonist that is almost too downcast, too disconsolate to be believable.And yet it all works. The overall drive for this work and, undoubtedly, the reason it has reached mythic proportions as a literary classic, is the nuanced and almost transcendent interventions of the narrator Nick Carraway. His profound and reasoned observations seemingly tie everything together. He is what makes this book work. Fitzgerald, after further consideration, probably had this in mind all along...if that was his intent, he truly was a genius.So whatever your compulsion, go back to West Egg, Long Island; enjoy an evening at the Gatsby mansion and immerse yourself in the early `20's jazz age once again while experiencing expert literary storytelling. You'll undoubtedly find yourself marveling at the genius of F. Scott Fitzgerald's greatest work along with all the rest of us."
"Ah, THE GREAT GATSBY. The defining novel of the Jazz Age. Fitzgerald's masterpiece. The Great American Novel. I first read this in High School and then again in a College course called ""Literature of the Jazz Age"" which also featured Hemingway's A Moveable Feast. Hem and Scott were friends who despised one another. Hem once crushed a glass in his bare hand and in a fit of machismo said, ""Scott can you do that?"" Fitzgerald answered, ""Hem, you're such an @$$40/#."" Hem, on his side, thought Scott was a ""powder puff.""Having re-read it several times since, I'll say that THE GREAT GATSBY is great. It is a beautifully crafted prose poem in which every word serves a purpose; there's no excess here.If you haven't read it, it is the story of Jay Gatsby, a Long Island millionaire who is hopelessly in love with Daisy, married to Tom Buchanan, as told to us through the eyes of Nick Carraway, who watches as their insular world unravels.Almost everybody who dislikes this book seems to focus on the negativity of the characters. They miss the point. The characters ARE negative and shallow by design: Tom is cruel, Daisy is a b**ch, Jordan is vapid, and Jay is a phony. They aren't supposed to be likeable. THE GREAT GATSBY's only sympathetic character is Nick. If you read this book carefully, you'll see that this is Carraway's autobiography. Notice that Carraway walks away from all the false glitter of Gatsby's time, leaving behind all the wreckage the others have caused.Another huge complaint I see in the reviews is how BORING the book is, and how impenetrable it seems. The atmosphere of the story is one of stultifying heaviness. With all their money, the characters have no idea how to exist, much less live and thrive. At one point Daisy asks a general question about having plans with friends, ""What do people plan?""  Jay, Daisy, Tom and the others are suffocating, and it is a mark of this book's excellence that that airlessness impacts the reader. Some readers may, however, find it a slog.Is Carraway Fitzgerald? Very possibly. As a younger man, he fell in love with his future wife, the less-than-stable Zelda, and suffered through her various crazinesses. He strove to impress her and satisfy her endless wants (much like Gatsby with Daisy). THE GREAT GATSBY (originally titled AMONG THE ASH-HEAPS AND THE MILLIONAIRES) is in part a recounting of his own maturation.AMENDED REVIEW 10/7/10"
"""More critical writing exists on The Great Gatsby than on any other work of American fiction"" - according to the back matter of F. Scott Fitzgerald: The Great Gatsby, a critical guide from Columbia University Press.  Though it's unsourced, it sounds legitimate - which is why I doubt I can say much about Fitzgerald's work that hasn't already been said.  However, except for briefly commenting on the novel's classic status, the reason I've written this review is to assist those who, like me, may have avoided 'Gatsby' for years, and to help them decide whether to keep on doing so.I sidestepped 'The Great Gatsby' because I believed that this book, universally acknowledged as a classic, had to make its appeal for that standing to the broadest possible base of readers - an American Literature primer, so to speak.  High-handed, maybe, but I've basically the same opinion since finishing the book as before.  That doesn't mean 'Gatsby' isn't an excellent construction, full of interesting themes and motifs, and above all an insightful opinion on the American Dream - which I expected - but as an introduction to literature, I wonder what resonance 'Gatsby' carries for young readers confronted with the book today.Jay Gatsby, the self-made man, built out of nothing but now able to buy anything except the one thing he wants - Daisy Buchanan.  Nick Carraway, the voice of reason, narrates the events - how Gatsby and Daisy, lovers before the war, are reunited; but despite all of Gatsby's attempts, he fails to lure her away from her philandering husband.  Nick, disgusted with the excesses and unseemliness of both Gatsby's party crowd and Daisy's old money blue bloods, eventually decamps westward, returning symbolically to the common sense of America's heartland.It's not surprising that 'The Great Gatsby' wasn't successful in Fitzgerald's lifetime.  After all, he chastised the people most likely to read his book for being part of the anything goes culture.  Nor is it remarkable that there was a rediscovery of 'Gatsby' after World War II.  In the Twenties, Nick Carraway was a perceptive man, and Gatsby a naïve and complicit victim of the American Dream.  In the years since, Nick looks like an altruistic fool, and, in the ultimate irony, Gatsby, who was facetiously called 'Great' by Fitzgerald, has grown into his title.  Viewing his life now, it's difficult not to say that he conquered the Dream as he acquired a vast wealth, and his willingness to sacrifice everything for Daisy becomes a tragic flaw - instead of one last symbol in a poorly directed life.Fitzgerald warned that the pursuit of wealth wasn't enough, that it couldn't buy dreams - now the dream *is* the pursuit of wealth.  Those tasked with presenting 'Gatsby' to succeeding generations must face a wall of misunderstanding - how to convince people that the wealthy Gatsby's inability to buy back his past amounts to failure?  Or more importantly, why he even wanted to with all he already had.  I'm glad that's not my job.In the end, though, I find a distinct lack of emotion in Fitzgerald's examination of the American Dream - it is instead an almost clinical post-mortem.  No matter what the tragic circumstances surrounding the end of Gatsby are, I just can't muster up enough interest to care one way or the other.  As a literature primer, it works because of Fitzgerald's skill as a wordsmith - as an effective or affecting work, instead of great, it is sufficient.This edition, with a preface and endnotes by Fitzgerald biographer Matthew Bruccoli, promises to be the ""Authorized Text"", a reprint of the Cambridge University Press 1991 edition.  In a brief note, Mr. Bruccoli gives a few examples of some of the corrected textual errors, but I couldn't see much difference.  Bruccoli's preface and the publisher's afterward were both interesting without becoming tiresome, though the endnotes seemed geared toward an inexperienced and ill-read student.  Thankfully, the text wasn't dotted with superscript notation indicating entries in the endnotes, which I find very distracting.  Overall, I doubt there's enough to distinguish this edition from a mass-market publication, except that it's in the trade paperback format, which I prefer if I plan to keep a book, and which is easier on the eyes the older I get."
"It's difficult to give any even-handed critique F. Scott Fitzgerald's standard-setting Jazz Age novel since it was required reading for most of us in high school. However, if you come back to it as a full-fledged adult, you'll find that the story still resonates but more like a just-polished cameo piece from a forgotten time. At the core of the book is the elaborate infatuation Jay Gatsby has for Daisy Fay Buchanan, a love story portrayed with both a languid pall and a fatalistic urgency. But the broader context of the setting and the irreconcilable nature of the American dream in the 1920's is what give the novel its true gravitas.Much of this is eloquently articulated by Nick Carraway, Gatsby's modest Long Island neighbor who becomes his most trusted confidante. Nick is responsible for reuniting the lovers who both have come to different points in their lives five years after their aborted romance. Now a solitary figure in his luxurious mansion, Gatsby is a newly wealthy man who accumulated his fortunes through dubious means. Daisy, on the other hand, has always led a life of privilege and could not let love stand in the way of her comfortable existence. She married Tom Buchanan for that sole purpose. With Gatsby's ambition spurred by his love for Daisy, he rekindles his romance with Daisy, as Tom carries on carelessly with an auto mechanic's grasping wife. Nick himself gets caught up in the jet set trappings and has a relationship with Jordan Baker, a young golf pro.These characters are inevitably led on a collision course that exposes the hypocrisy of the rich, the falsity of a love undeserving and the transience of individuals on this earth. The strength of Fitzgerald's treatment comes from the lyrical prose he provides to illuminate these themes. Not a word is wasted, and the author's economical handling of such a potentially complex plot is a technique I wish were more frequently replicated today. Most of all, I simply enjoy the book because it does not portend a greater significance eighty years later. It is a classic tale that provides vibrancy and texture to a bygone era. It is well worth re-reading."
"In 1922 during the jazz age, F. Scott Fitzgerald brings forth an extra ordinary tale of love. Fitzgerald was made to write a smooth and entertaining novel such as, The Great Gatsby, which became a classic of the twentieth century literature. F. Scott Fitzgerald  carefully selects his characters' words as he describes the astounding and fabulously wealthy Jay Gatsby and his strong, innocent intentions as he strives to exalt his love to the beautiful Daisy Buchanan. The Great Gatsby is a tragedy amongst the wealthy and the poor. It is irresistibly melancholy but funny, while  light but sensible from beginning to the end.The story depicts Gatsby's obsession with his one true love, Daisy, whether he was right or wrong to love her, his love for her robs life of all its meaning and purpose. Fitzgerald writes a phenomenal novel, that without a doubt, can be called a masterpiece. His choice of words is very articulate and the description he embodies in every sentence is pleasurable for all readers. Fitzgerald helps the reader to become a part of the novel and connect with the characters. He writes to make his readers be aware of their imaginations, while making them picture the narration perfectly down to the very last detail. Fitzgerald creates fictional characters, such as Gatsby that one can fascinate to and enjoy reading about. This novel is hard to put down, its very easy flowing once you start you just have to finish it!. The book is so dramatic and entertaining that it's easy to miss the fact that it's beautifully written.A work to remember, for I usually have trouble connecting with other books I read for Literature class. The Great Gatsby was such a breakthrough, and a good attempt to get my fascination of dramatic, and suspenseful novels into place. I highly suggest for anyone who would like to read a dreamy, classy, and an outstanding story to pick up The Great Gatsby. The story gives a new thrill of a Shakespearean story ""Romeo and Juliet,"" with a sensational twist at the end. It proves that not every love story ends beautifully, or the way the main character would like it to, which makes Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby an even more sophisticated and like no other. This story is not like your average ""love story"", it gives away more than you expect. And that clearly shows how an author develops his master piece as he progresses with his writing. I am sure that many young adult readers that come across The Great Gatsby will surely enjoy reading it. It is surely a dramatic novel at it's best!"
"Sadly, the Great Gatsby has been relegated to the pantheon of books we are forced to read in high school and dutifully summarize in book report format or else address the endless concerns of whether this or that character should have done this or that thing. I have made the similar mistake with works like the Scarlet Letter, or Emerson's Essays, which equally require a greater degree of maturity and perhaps experience to appreciate.  The core of this book lies not in a simple unrequited love story. Fitzgerald addresses a much larger theme of how the mythic aristocratic ideal triumphs in American society while the fundamental reality of this ideal is denied. It must of course be remembered, that this paradox is distinctly an American one. This is a book written in and for a culture that embraces the value and rights of all of us and believes in the ability that we can all fulfill our unique destinies in life. There are no institutionalized lineages of kings and queens believed to be ordained by God to embody qualities above the common lot. No! We may say 'God save the Union!' or (until recently) 'One nation under God!' but never 'God Save the Queen!' The Great Gatsby was not written for a British or French audience who have believed in the authenticity of royalty and royal power, but for an American one. The Great Gatsby challenges each of us to question how we can reinvent and embrace a notion so fundamentally contrary to our stated beliefs and constitution?  Primarily through the title character Jay Gatsby, we see how the aristocratic ideal triumphs, particularly over the unfortunate ones who choose to inadequately embody it. Gatsby fails in his pursuit of aristocratic grandeur for one simple reason: he is not an aristocrat. He comes from a poor family and is primarily a self-made millionaire, scrappy and opportunistic. If this were not condemning enough, we get a glimpse into some of the questionable business practices he is perhaps too closely tied to (we are led to believe bootlegging. It is the Roaring Twenties after all). Thus, one of the two must perish; either Gatsby or Gatsby's dream. We learn that it is Gatsby who does.  At first inspection, the title seems contradictory. Gatsby fails, so therefore he is not great. However we see that he is - he achieves great success, purchases a great house on the Long Island Sound for a great sum of money, throws great, if not spectacular parties. The problem is that he is only great and great is not enough. He wants to become royalty and royalty is not great - it simply is.  Those who do embody the ideal successfully are Tom and Daisy Buchanan. They are the victors. While we see that they win and those around them fail, what is it that they win? Who and what are they? Fitzgerald constantly defines them in elusive terms, the indescribable melody of Daisy's voice, the majestic athleticism of Tom Buchanan, the Yale man. The activity of life is not perpetuated by these two demi-gods. They behave as if they are spectators, bored and dissatisfied ones. While they have connections, wealth and beauty, what of a fundamental nature do they do that makes them admirable? Nothing. And therein lies the eternal source of disappointment for the imitators and emulators and worshippers. Inherited wealth and privilege cannot be achieved or pursued it can merely be had.  The book is the story of a disappointed and disillusioned man, but not a mad-man. Gatsby is not someone who worships say; toothpaste and we can veritably call him crazy. We can relate to his quest for grandeur. We may even root for his success with Daisy. This is one reason why this book resonates and can be called a classic and should be read. Gatsby is not nuts. In fact, we are like him. Why? Because the myth has persisted through time as a way to make life taste more real and exciting, to create aspirations based on more than tangible considerations. We embrace the mythical because the converse is to embrace the mundane. Yet... How can we also embrace authenticity and meaningful values in our lives? And what about embracing values that contribute to stability and continuity? These are the timeless questions that remain."
"F Scott Fitzgerald's celebrated and vivid Jazz Age tale describes the rise and fall of a charismatic character and the society around him.  The story is somewhat reminiscent of Heart of Darkness.  Both are first person narrations of the downfall of fabulous, ambitious social outsiders.  And ""Gatsby"" points to the heart of darkness in American life, not only in the shady and criminal wellsprings of Jay Gatsby's wealth - and, by implication, perhaps, all wealth - but also in the coldness and cruel indifference of the privileged classes in the social hierarchy. The story touches on many traditional American themes.  The loss of innocence and the seduction of the new world by the wicked old one - roles often assumed by America and Europe - are here played out here in the second-favorite context of heartland versus New York, as the young sons and daughters of the Midwest are drawn into the web of the old, worldly, moneyed, Jewish metropolis.  As the narrator, Nick Carraway, observes, not only does he hail from around Minnesota, but so do the other major characters - Jordan Baker, the Buchanans and Gatsby (and indeed Fitzgerald himself).  Fitzgerald's America is different from today's.  Whiter, much more parochial and homogenous, and smaller - Carraway uses the terms west and midwest interchangeably, whereas today west means LA not Chicago.  Yet it is still familiar and its concerns regarding the struggle for success, the discovery that its attainment need not mean happiness, and the fickleness of social approval are as pressing today as they were then.  The role of money is not as primary as that of acceptance and prestige, and certainly less important than in many 19th century European novels where it is a true nexus.  Here - as in the lives of the super-rich today - it is mainly just a way of keeping score.  The themes of remaking oneself, of moving and making a new start, and the gap between one's newly constructed self and one's enduring personal reality are likewise as topical (and American) as ever.  The lurid denouement also has a flavour which is all too familiar today and is reminiscent of any number of recent classic American violent scandals among the newly rich - cases like Harris-Tarnower, the Menendez brothers, OJ or Ted Ammon.Obviously, many of these issues were of direct personal import to Fitzgerald himself, yet ""Gatsby"" is a truly mature work without a trace of autobiographical flavour.  Fluidly and assuredly written, it has stood the proverbial test of time, while many contemporary and later works have begun to date or are entirely forgotten.  The epigram at the start is perhaps one of the funniest to preface any major piece of fiction (although Fitzgerald - or his editor - chose well in not using it in the title).  Yet for all its merits, ""Gatsby"" is a slighter work than its reputation suggests: a novella, perhaps, but it has the feel of a short story.  The Great American Novel it is not, but certainly a classic."
"Aside from the narrator, Mr. Carroway, who chances to be Gatsby's perceptive neighbor, we are the only ones who ever come to know the man.  Everyone else sees only a fragment of him... if that.  And he is far from what he appears to be.  We ultimately know him as delusional, obsessive, pitiable, and needy.  The fact is he's quite a bit like many of us; the difference is in the contrast between his external persona and his internal one.  Fitzgerald's remarkable achievement in this book is in portraying Gatsby's dimensionality so completely in 180 pages.  From shadowy playboy to abandoned corpse in 180 pages.  And in the process Fitzgerald treats us to his remarkable craft:""Instead of rambling, this party had preserved a dignified homogeneity, and assumed to itself the function of representing the staid nobility of the countryside - East Egg condescending to West Egg, and carefully on guard against its spectroscopic gayety.""""...there was a jauntiness about her movements as if she had first learned to walk upon golf courses on clean, crisp mornings.""""Everyone suspects himself of at least one cardinal virtue...""""He had waited five years and bought a mansion where he dispensed starlight to casual moths - so that he could `come over' some afternoon to a stranger's garden.""""...I think he revalued everything in his house according to the measure of response it drew from her well-loved eyes.""""There is no confusion like the confusion of a simple mind...""""At the gray tea hour there were always rooms that throbbed incessantly with this low, sweet fever, while fresh faces drifted here and there like rose petals blown by the sad horns around the room."""
"Hands down - the greatest piece of fiction I have ever read (and I am not a big reader of fiction). What do I love about Gatsby? 1) It is such a tight story, what a masterpiece in writing! 2) The first couple of sentences. 3) The last paragraphs -- I read them often. Some of the most beautiful words I have ever read. Don't we all have a green light?"
"The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald took place on Long Island.  This book was a very good example of the roaring 1920's.  After studying the prohibition that happened in that decade and the depression in the following decade it really shows how the stock market really can change the world.  The Great Gatsby is a good example to what happened during the prohibition.  It was never said in plain English what was going on but if the reader knows the events of the 1920's it was very apparent. While reading The Great Gatsby, I was amazed by all the money that was spent.  One example was when Jay was having large parties and driving very expensive cars.  It also occurred to me that Jay Gatsby has a very dark side that nobody knew about.  The people that did know about his income weren't willing to talk.  This was one reason that the 1920's are called the ""High Times"" nobody cared how much money they spent or how they made money. I enjoyed reading this book.  It was very easy to follow and had a lot of descriptive clues about the time period.  It seemed like the whole book was an adventure because Fitzgerald never paused on one subject for a long amount of time.  I liked how Fitzgerald wrote it on the events that really did happen in the 1920's. This gave the reader a glimpse into what a person at that time could have been doing or was doing to have fun or make a living for his family. I would highly recommend this book for anyone that is studying or going to study the 1920's.  It is a very good example to what could have happen to someone during that time period.  You won't regret reading this book once you start it."
"I haven't read this story since middle school. Seeing the movie, helped me form a better foundation for the story. One of the things i couldn't understand was why i hated Daisy and desperately wished Jordan would pair up with Gatsby instead. Having this idea i thought it was due to me not understanding the plot fully. There is no comparrision to my comprehension of when i was in middle school to now. The way i would describe Gatsby, ""self-adbsorbed, obsessive borderline almost paranoid"" a very complex individual whose only reason to continue his pursuit is for a love that he holds on a pedestal with no regards to time, and changes. In his mind, Daisy is the same which is quite the opposite. Daisy as i would describe her ""coward, self-centered, paternally absent."" It was made clear throughout the story that very little interest was shown to her daughter much less anything or anyone that would not fit in her perfect world. Having no problems, leaving Gatsby to his fate, and scared at the time of what her fate would be if she decided to leave with him she stayed with Tom. Jordan was nothing more if not spectacular in this triangle. Nick, was a friend that many wish to have. Tom, in short was Tom. He is who is, not much disappointment. Unlike Gatsby who at one point i got desperate enough, that i wanted to tell him to move on from this air-headed bimbo. Seeing his child-like expressions whenever she would come near almost like candy made me disturbed. I feel sorry for Gatsby, if i pity him yes. I feel sorry for Daisy forever being told and reigned of his path and future by an alpha male too scared to independent and brave."
"Few books can be as consistently incredible as Gatsby. The idea of astockbroker/promoter who has a heart must send chills of fear downthe managers of the great Wall Street firms.  Yet, it is so, and is decisively the realm of fiction. Gatsby is the prototypical social mountaineer, climbing and climbing in the 1920s towards an impossible dream: having the love of a flip and indecisive Southern gal, and being accepted for who he dreams he may be within his questing heart. Like the best American novels it is replete with greed, over consumption of limited goods, graced by a cynical narrator, and clever in its jaded appraisal of life. Ultimately the book comes down to one central issue that is not explained: ""Why would a great man have so much love for a selfishly undeserving woman?""  Gatsby has grandeur but his love has nothing. It's a spoiled book in that sense, and without the quality of virtue in Daisy, the book becomes a cruel mistake that can only end in death. Fitzgerald's style is elegant, brief, he never makes mistakes in judgment, and his narrative is impeccable.  The book rushes forward like a Greek tragedy and ends just as Sunset Boulevard begins: with Gatsby dead in a pool killed by that which he loved.  Somehow there is some great truth in the idea that in great American fiction the use of coincidence is always deadly, and satisfaction never easy. Plato would have used the book as an exemplar in his proof of the ideal, Aristotle would have merely laughed, yet inwardly agreed - the book is a cautionary tale; but more importantly hagiography. ....C.K. Dexter Haven."
"Nick Carraway was born into a well-to-do, wealthy family, and lived the life of privilege. Attended the best schools, wore the best clothes. So after he graduates from the University, he informs his father that he plans to move East to learn the bond business, and that's how he ends up in West Egg, living across the way from Gatsby. Nick knows nothing about the man, except for the fact that he throws lavish parties almost every day of the year - complete with celebrities in attendance. However, when he pays a visit to his old friend Tom Buchanan's place, and meets up with Miss Baker, a friend of Tom's wife, Daisy, he discovers more than he ever intended. Soon Nick is caught up in a friendship with Gatsby, one that involves covering up the affair that Gatsby and Daisy are secretly having with each other, as Tom looks on angrily - becoming more and more determined to break it up each day, at whatever cost.I usually am a reader of mysteries and teen fiction, but lately I've really gotten into the classics, so I thought that I'd give THE GREAT GATSBY a whirl. I was not at all disappointed. THE GREAT GATSBY has now become one of my favorite books. F. Scott Fitzgerald is truly a literary genius. His character development involving Tom, Daisy, Nick, Miss Baker, and Gatsby is utterly marvelous, and the plot developments keep the reader enthralled with the lives of the rich and privileged from the very first page to the very last. This is a book that should be read by all, young or old.Erika SoroccoBook Review Columnist for The Community Bugle Newspaper"
"Like many others, I read (or actually, reread) this novel in anticipation for the movie version that was released a month or so ago. Sadly I did not get an opportunity to see the movie but I was extremely glad for the opportunity to rediscover this novel.The first time I read The Great Gatsby was straight out of college. I had never been assigned to read this classic in high school and I sort of thought I was missing out on something. So I borrowed a copy from the library, read it and almost immediately forgot about it. I mean, I remembered that I read it and all but as far as the plot or most of the characters except Jay Gatsby and Daisy…it all kind of disappeared and I had the sinking suspicion that reading The Great Gatsby had been a waste of time.But I guess over the years I grew some fondness for the book. I ended up naming one of my two cats Gatsby (his brother’s name is Hemingway and I wanted to keep the literary theme going)…and I was more than a little excited the first time I saw the trailer for the new movie (oh okay, I just wanted an excuse to see yet another Leonardo DiCaprio movie).But anyway, I reread the book and I’m so glad I did…especially as I did not get to see the movie. This time around I enjoyed it much more, and understood it a lot better. I went into the book thinking that I was probably going to come away disappointed but I wasn’t. Not at all. Instead I realized that despite my first experience…I loved The Great Gatsby and it’s not difficult to understand why it’s considered a classic…it’s timeless."
"You know, it's really easy to review a book that nobody has read. People will take what I say (undoubtedly with a grain of salt) and make the decision to read or not. Upon finishing the book, my words will be long forgotten and therefore not really subject to any close scrutiny. But then you pick up a book that everybody and their mama (literally) have read and it's a tad more daunting of a task. So allow me to ramble on this way for a few paragraphs without actually saying anything of substance. OK? No? Damnit.For being a reasonably short novel, The Great Gatsby really is quite a bear of a book. I remember first reading Gatsby in high school and spending countless classes going over all the symbolism and other such literary devices that are peppered through the novel. This time however, I took the approach of enjoyment reading. Though I did pause to reflect on certain passages (and yes, I even remembered some of that symbolism), I was certainly aware that many of the book's subtleties were soaring far above my head.But despite missing some of what made Gatsby...well, Gatsby - I really did enjoy the read. Fitzgerald brings such life not only to his characters, but also to the setting. And I definitely was able to better understand the plot line this time around. As incredibly suave and savvy as I was as a 15 year old (I absolutely was not), I don't believe I fully understood the whole american-dream-gone-wrong theme. Gatsby was a much darker novel that I remembered - and I kind of loved discovering that for myself."
"Somehow I missed having to read this in school, and perhaps that was a good thing. It seems that most times when books are assigned reading students are not always in a place where they can appreciate a novel. However, this true classic was one I could not put down! The language was brilliant and the characters well-developed and interesting.The story basically revolves around Daisy and Jay Gatsby, two people who met when they were very young at the close of WWI and fell in love. Unfortunately, Gatsby did not have the wealth that Daisy required for marriage and she married Tom Buchannan, a man obscenely wealthy - and spoiled to boot! Gatsby, rejected and heartbroken, invents himself anew and aquires the fortune he feels he needs to win Daisy. But he never acknowledges that time moves on and people change - and Daisy wasn't the woman he thought she was.None of the charcters in this book are very likeable, with the possible exception of the narrator. All are spoiled, rootless, careless, inconsiderate, and unconcerned with the consequences of their actions. Yet, all are tragic figures as well, and deeply unsettled.Reading through this novel, it is hard not to imagine F. Scott Fitzgerald isn't writing about himself or people he knew. It is hard not to place Zelda in the role of Daisy. And this makes the characters come to life in a huge way. It is so easy to become swept up in this story, to be on Long Island that summer in 1922, to be at the parties at Gatsby's house. A beautiful, tragic, and certainly classic novel!"
"Great Gatsby is a romantic drama that takes place in the 1920s in New York City. A young man moves from Minnesota to New York to live the American dream and finds himself being impacted by an older man who comes to play a huge role in his life. This book was never required for me in high school, but with the new movie out, I thought it would be a great read. The book has many strengths that truly draw its readers in. One of those strengths is the symbolism used throughout the entire book. For example, Fitzgerald uses colors throughout his book to symbolize a variety of things. Another strength is the emotion pull it has on its readers. Fitzgerald does a great job, playing on his reader’s heart strings as he plays out the relationship between Gatsby and Daisy as well as Gatsby and Nick.  One quote in particular demonstrates this relationship between Gatsby and Nick: “He smiled understandingly-much more than understandingly. It was one of those rare smiles with a quality of eternal reassurance in it, that you may come across four or five times in life. It faced--or seemed to face--the whole eternal world for an instant, and then concentrated on you with an irresistible prejudice in your favor. It understood you just as far as you wanted to be understood, believed in you as you would like to believe in yourself, and assured you that it had precisely the impression of you that, at your best, you hoped to convey.” Great Gatsby was an amazing book! It was enjoyable to read and something I would definitely recommend to everyone!"
"I believe novels should be accessible to people of all tastes, from those who prefer history and biography (as I do) to those who prefer science fiction. Truly great novels transcend personal preferences and that is exactly what the Great Gatsby is-- a story of human nature, set in a time of recklessness and ambition that seems to parallel, in some ways, our world today. It is written with soft prose and vivid imagery-- the examples are too numerous to be listed here. As most know the plot, I won't delve into that, but just to add that, considering this shouldn't be a spoiler, one question I have always wondered (and wished to the contrary) is, ""Why did Gatsby have to die?"" Despite his surely illictly-garnered fortune and reckless nature, the reader cheers for Gatsby, who is far from perfect, but represents a small part of each of us. That is truly the magic of Fitzgerald's piece and I hope, especially if you've never read it before, that you find a little enchantment yourself."
"Firstly let me say I found this book unusually interesting and unlike many ""classics"" easy to read.  The tale is a romance, Jay Gatsby longs to be with Daisy, a girl from a different social world that he knew for a short period of time mamy years before.  On a different level the book describes the pointless existence of the idle rich and their dissatisfaction with their lot, although set in the 1920's it is still applicable today in many ways.  The characters Fitzgerald paints are shallow and undeserving, having achieved their wealth through inheritance or crime.  The author clearly is critical of his creations, but at the same time seems to be entranced by their mixture of style without substance.  My one dissapointment was the lack of any character I felt I could identify with or empathise with, even the narrator Nick Carroway came across to me as having few if any endearing qualities.  Probably just my personal prejudice in a novel rather than any literary requirement."
"Fitzgerald's work holds up exceedingly well over lo these many years.  Written in the first person, its detailed descriptions and sensitive humor remain immensely readable, even as the lives of the characters descend into troubling, inevitable chaos.The namesake character, Gatsby, is an intriguing mystery who happens to live next door to the narrator, Nick.  Gatsby's house is an overwhelming mansion that serves as the location for many a party among the city's idle rich.  Nick gradually becomes entangled in their lives and carefully observes the drinking, carousing and (oftentimes) harmful behavior.As Nick tries to unpeel the layers of the mysterious Gatsby, desiring to discover the source of his fortune, he instead discovers a secret he'd be better off not knowing.  As the central characters descend into the abyss, Nick can only watch and dictate his observations.  Needless to say, it's still outstanding after all these years."
"The Great Gatsby is nearest the perfect novel our country has produced. The first twenty pages represent the smoothest prose to be found in a modern novel, and introduces the ideal narrator, Nick Carroway, truthful, dryly humorous, accepting, nonjudgmentall, kind, modest, and likable. The story moves along briskly, though not big on magniloquent ideas. Rather, the story is a chronicle. It etches in stone the Jazz Age, with all its superfluities, excesses, and bubbly froth. It has every American theme--the nostalgic look backwards to aristocracy, the striving for success, the have's and have nots, the intersection of the old and new, the loss of hope for those who can't keep up with their dreams, and the bumptious, hyperactive quality that supposedly characterizes our country.  There is rarely a paragraph that does not have wit, poignancy, and the eye of the narrator  registers all with a detached discernment. Indeed, the overarching consciousness and morality of Nick Carroway may be the best part of this great novel. Through Carroway, the action of the novel moves along, giving a moral ascendancy to all the sordid and comic activities he views. The novel is uniquely evocative, rousing in the reader feelings of humor, sadness and regret that only the best art can, so that the reader himself experiences a sense of yearning for all that has passed, for the romanced past, just like the protagonist, who seek vainly to regain it. And the last lines of the novel are amongst the most poignant ever written. Damon LaBarbera, PhD"
"This book is so simple, and so brief, and it's not really about much more than a wealthy, mysterious, lovesick man who throws parties to attract a girl he loved and lost.But, it's amazing.F. Scott Fitzgerald was a true wordsmith.  He knew how to use the english language, and in ""The Great Gatsby,"" he used it more skillfully than he ever had before.  He was a painstaking writer who went over every sentence over and over again, and his exactness shows.That's not to say that the book is flawless--there are whole books that exist just to list the book's faults, especially in its chronology--but let's see YOU write a book this good.  The book is streamlined and focused, in part due to Fitzgerald's time spent writing an unsuccessful script right beforehand.  The structure of a script--in which every scene leads to the next, and every scene moves the story forward, and the whole thing is resolved in about ninety minutes or so--taught Fitzgerald immeasurable amounts about what this book didn't need to make it great, and about how to propel a story forward.The characters are memorable, the place and time (the jazz era) are vividly depicted, and the writing will surround and enfold you.Ignore that kids have to read this in high school--that it's almost a textbook to them.  Just be glad it exists, and give it a read.  It gets better every time, and you may find yourself wanting to re-read it almost immediately after finishing it.I know it's happened to me more than once."
"I won't repeat any of the previous rave reviews, but I will make a couple of suggestions for those struggling with this book.First, I've taught this book over 20 times, and find that with proper guidance most students can at least see the artistic mastery, if not appreciate the text.Second, if you are having difficulty with the text, try to draw some of the key scenes.  Yes, sit down with a blank sheet of paper, and a box of crayons and sketch the following scenes: chapter one when Daisy and Jordan are sitting among the French windows, chapter two with the description of the Valley of the Ashes, and chapter three with the description of Gatsby's house.  As you read continue to notice the way that colors and sunlight play a dominate role in the book.Third, read chapter 7 in one stretch and if possible assign roles to each speaker.  I argue that this chapter is pretty much self-contained and could be considered a novella within the novel.  There is more action, irony, and plain literary fun in these 50 odd pages than most longer novels.Fourth, if you still don't get the novel, AND if you are being forced to read this book for high school English, pick it up again once you turn 30 and have had life jade you a bit.  I, too, didn't really get it until I hit 30 and could identify with Nick's thinning hair and ever diminishing list of single men to hang out with as we all speed onward towards death in the cooling twilight."
"When F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote TGG, it was during an age of social elitism often built on the backs of crime and underhand dealings. Gatsby builds wealth by illegally moving alcohol, and many other elite members of society in the book are also involved in seedy rackets.To understand this book, its subtle humor, its deep tragedies, and its social mores requires only one question. Should the rich be allowed to do whatever they want just because they are rich? Fitzgerald answers this question in an elegant love story turned all wrong.Consequences have actions, and misbehavior is often punished.Gatsby is rewarded for his avarice by loaning his car to a murderess.The fact that Daisy gets away with murder is rewarded by endless hell with her psychotic husband.It is a great book if one can get past the fact that almost no character has much of a redeeming quality. It is a lesson in life, written as much to educate as entertain."
"Every once in a while, it is important to go back and read a classic, to remember what it takes to make a novel memorable. THE GREAT GATSBY is an example of perfection, both in prose and in plot. As such, it is timeless.In this book, author F. Scott Fitzgerald perfectly captures the energy of that moment when the Gilded Age was ending and the Jazz Age was beginning. Set among the estates of Long Island's elegant North Shore, Fitzgerald illustrates why ""the rich are different from you and me,"" a classic line straight out of this novel.Treatises have been written on whether Fitzgerald was the best American author of the 20th Century. Regardless of the conclusion as to whether he was the single best, there is no dispute that he belongs in the pantheon of the writing gods.  To read GATSBY is to lose oneself in Fitzgerald's lyricism.So, re-read THE GREAT GATSBY, and enjoy what it takes to make a book truly great."
"Never understood how a book about shallow people doing darn little is considered a great novel.  The characters are not explained nor ""real"" to me."
"Fitzgerald's novel The Great Gatsby was absolutely wonderful. The book takes you back to the post-World War I era where you find the narrator, Nick Carraway, a young midwesterner moved to New york to find a home in  West Egg working as a stock broker. The book journeys through Nick's  experiences in high society at West Egg. When the narrator first arrives to  West Egg he meets up with his cousin Daisy Buchannan, and her quite wealthy  husband Tom. Shortly after coming to New York he attends the party of Jay  Gatstby, a racketeer of the 1920's. He then becomes fast friends with  Gatsby, and finds himself everly more intwined in Gatsby's life.  Overall the book was very good. I enjoyed the many themes at hand,  especially those about high society during the 20's. Such as the idea that  Gatsby's own constant reinvention of himself is what inevitably destroys  him. A fantasic book for those who enjoy books about people."
"Overall, I enjoyed this book &  I felt the main ideas which were to be presented were quite interesting. I liked the fact that it was based upon the ""american dream"", and reading of the author's perception definitely was keeping my attention.  Though I liked the book, I felt it was too long for the information that was to be given & could have been a lot shorter, getting to the climax quicker.  It was a bit confusing at times because of the way the author presented it, going back and forth between one of the main characters lifestyle to his past lifestyle, explaining it along the way. Yet, I did respect the great deatil presented by the author F. Scott Fitzgerald considering it gave you a vast understanding of all the characters and the multiple settings described in the book. I am a sucker for love stories, so the idea of the main character, ""Gatsby"", doing all of this out of wanting his past relationship with his object of affection ""Daisy"" back, made me feel with him, and put myself in his shoes.  This was another reason why I thought it was worth the many pages of description. It kept you wanting to read more in order to find out if he would get the girl or not.  I would recommend this book to others being that I had a good time reading it, yet I did feel it is a bit biased.  If you are not interested in the time period as well as the basis of again the ""american dream"", it may not keep your full attention.  Otherwise, I do strongly suggest this book to others, it was a great read, and it really gets you thinking!"
"Set in posh New York during the Lost Generation of the roaring 20's, the Great Gatsby tells a story of trust, class, and wanting.From it we learn that often the desire for something is better than actually having it and that one true friend is infinitely more important than a multitude of acquaintances.There's always a copy of this in my library. It's an essential must-read from a highly gifted author."
"The Great Gatsby is a classic novel of the Jazz Age about aspiration in America. As V.S. Naipaul was recently quoted in the NY Times Book Review: ""The only valuable life is one that is shaped by the anguish of aspiration and that is engaged in a struggle against the void of nonachievement."" Gatsby's life personifies the aspiration of a young man who has just returned from World War I so poor that he wore his uniform after his discharge because he couldn't afford to buy new clothes. Through his own entrepreneurial talents he rises to attain an immense fortune, which he hopes will renew the affection of his much beloved object of desire, Daisy Buchanan. She once jilted him because of his abject poverty and married another wealthy man. Now that Gatsby is rich, he wants Daisy to become his wife at any price. He asks her to forsake her relationship to her wealthy, philandering husband. The denouement of the novel is opulent in its irony. Gatsby's demise and the response of his many friends to it is truly memorable. Fitzgerald as Nick Carraway is an intelligent, articulate, noble and faithful narrator in this great American novel. At a time when so much focus has been placed on the hubris of American CEOs, the message of this novel about the unbridled pursuit of material wealth plays with as much high fidelity now as it did in the Jazz Age. This brief but important and beautifully crafted novel is a must-read for anyone who seeks to know the best work of one of America's most legendary writers."
"F. Scott Fitzgerald's novel The Great Gatsby is one of the greatest works of our time. Fitzgerald's portrayal of the money, romance and scandal remains unmatched to this day. The story is about the lives of two men Nick Carraway, and Jay Gatsby, and their high class lifestyle back in the Jazz Age in New York. This tale about how Gatsby tries to rekindle the love that him and Daisy Buchanon, who happens to be married. once had. Being the story is not too predictable and keeps you wanting to know more, this is a great read.The greatest thing about The Gatsby is that it's not as long as an encyclopedia lokie some books; it's a fairly quick read. But none the less, it's a good book.  You know it's good when I actually read the book, I hardly ever read anything! What separates this book from the other love stories and makes it a masterpiece is the way that it's not too conceptual or corny. On the other hand the book's also not as conservative, the storyline's like of a soap opera's. This book is great because it's relatable. In the book you can see the materialistic attitudes of America in the 1920', in how they were not evenable to see that their wealth will be short lived and though this is set in the 1920's New York, the same hopes and desires of the characters still applies today. The Great Gatsby is one book that everyone should read, because it's not boring and it's definitely not overrated like some other books. Everyone should pick up a copy of this book. It lives up to the hope."
"With 381 reviews before me, it is clear that this one is superfluous, but  since your eyes are reading these lines. Let me tell you what I think.I  guess that this novel come into the hands of today's readers mostly due to  the fact that it has been designated as one of the U.S. literary icons of  the XX Century. Undoubtedly, the precision to detail and the smoothness  used by the writer to convey its ideas is fantastic. My problem with it, is  that the drama in which the love story is build seems rather silly. We have  a character like Gatsby who is a young fellow who decided to become rich  the fast way (smuggling and other unidentified dirty business) to gain  social recognition for the sole purpose of being worthy of a rich girl of  whom he had fallen in love. Nevertheless, the author never takes the effort  to outline why in ruthless 20's, when wild capitalism was on the rise and  pragmatism was the only name of the game, a person like Gatsby,  who is the  living symbol of those forces,  who have laid more women that he can  remember and who have ""known the world"" from every possible angle, decides  to waist his life in pursuit of a romantic love and challenge the husband  of her beloved with the tact and style of a 14th year old. Such situation  just takes away all credibility to the drama. I guess the novel became  important for the reasons so many of the other reviewers have expressed. He  provided a frame of reference for the people of the 20's to perceive their  own time."
For what is considered a classic I found it to be quite dull. The characters were somewhat interesting but I'm still left puzzled as to the story over all. I will definitely try another classic.S BrestMay 2013
I CAN'T say this is the greatest novel I've ever read.  I CAN'T even say what is.  But I was saddened by all of our lost dreams and hopes as I finished this book and that in itself makes for a great book if not a Great Gatsby.
"It... it just sucked. Fitzgerald's vocabulary is extremely varied; a leading contributor as to why it's so boring. Every character is unlikeable and truly awful in every sense. The story is a lot more simple than the diction lets on, and after reading every single sentence as closely as possible (an English assignment), I have come to the conclusion that the ""literary gurus"" that decided to call this book a ""classic"" looked into it way to much. I won't take away the author's syntax away from what my overall opinion of the book, as I have taken into consideration the time period in which it was written, but I'm still left with an overall impression that this novel sucked. With so many great novels, American and others, I can't comprehend why high schoolers are forced to read this one. For the counter argument that I can foresee coming, the reason why I dislike the book has nothing to with the fact that I was forced into reading this by my school system. Contrarily, I have found some of the novels we have read in high school, such as 'Of Mice and Men' and the holocaust novel 'Night', to be completely worthy of their popularity (Shakespeare not included, all his stuff all sucks). On a separate note, the movie is a lot like this movie, in the sense that they both suck.P.S. I apologize for the repeated use of the word ""suck,"" that was just my go-to-word for when I think something... sucks."
"I personally found the book to be relatively interesting considering what it was. There are many complex themes regarding love, wealth, and the American dream all twisted about in a very complicated way. Jay Gatsby, formerly James Gatz, has the interesting story of a standard American tale of how he climbed from rags to riches through hard work and dedication in order to pursue his love. This of course, is twisted by the fact that in the end, Daisy, his lover, has married another man already, in which Tom, her husband is also having an affair with yet another woman. This does not stop him from pursuing her, patiently waiting several years in order to reunite and complicating her relationships with her friends and husband. Throughout the book, the relationships of all the characters are constantly evolving, in which Gatsby’s past is slowly revealed and it shows the struggles of how although he had become what many thought to be the epitome of wealth and glory and all that was the American dream, it wasn’t truly real as he had obtained it through illegal methods. The book nicely portrays the complicated relationships and entanglements that people take part in on a daily basis, and how the story of one man can be perceived in many different ways. In the end it characterizes the culture and many themes of love and wealth very well, and it was relatively enjoyable to read as told through the eyes of Nick Carraway."
"I admit, I was made to read this book for English in college, and I read it in one sitting. I think it might be the first assigned classic literature novel that I made me to read beyond the assigned pages (ok, maybe Of Mice and Men had the same effect too.)I particularly adore the Nick Carraway. Even if he is a rather passive character who seems to get dragged everywhere by Tom, Jordan, and Gatsby. He comes off as someone trustworthy and humble. I admit I get frustrated with his passiveness at times; somestimes I just want him to slap the characters, but I guess that would be acting out of character. For a guy that only knew Gatsby for three months yet held a funeral for him, and is aware that he was used as a pawn to get close to Daisy, Nick is admirable. There couldn't have been a more perfect narrator.Gatsby is beyond redeeming. He is a friendly, likable character, but it is apparent that he is a desperate mess behind his overwhelming wealth. He is clearly deluded by the idea of having Daisy and social status, even when Daisy is clearly a mess herself. I'm not sure what he even sees in her, but I suppose his undying love makes him likable, albeit frustrating.I'm not sure how Daisy can murder someone and not be terrified. I imagined her as a girly girl who gets scared easily, but to kill someone and not feel immense guilt...I have my reservations."
"We listened to this while driving through Long Island reviewing wineries for About.Com, and it was the perfect accompanyment in so many ways. Fitzgerald's writing style is incredibly evocative - stirring vivid images  in your mind of the mansions of East Egg, of the complex individuals that  lived there and how they interacted. Each person presents one face to the  world, while hiding a wealth of fears and desires. The scene where a car  looses a wheel is one of my favorites - the witty way Fitzgerald turns  words and plays with the individuals is just fantastic.This is  definitely not a book to read 'on assignment', forced to hunt for meaning.  It's a book to read in your 20s or beyond, when you see the way old loves  can still call to you, when temptation strikes sometime to try to turn back  the clock. But of course, you can't, as Fitzgerald demonstrates with such a  wonderful style. There were so many scenes in this book that stood out as  stellar, that sparkled in our minds.I think it's hard for a younger  person to identify with some of the themes in here, just as it's probably  hard for an older person to truly remember what it's like to be a teenager.  It's the kind of book that, if you've lived through love and loss, battled  years to achieve something you realize later wasn't worth it, you finish a  passage and say ... ""Yes. That is it exactly."""
"The Great Gatsby was everything I imagined it would be. Ever since I was 10 years old, I had been in love with the 1920's. The glamor, the sophisticated style, everything about the Jazz Age fascinated me. F. Scott Fitzgerald brought all of this to life for me through this book. Having seen the movie first, I had an idea about what to expect. The movie itself is a masterpiece but the book is an outstanding work of literature that should be considered when watching the film. Fitzgerald depicts every single detail beautifully and takes you into the lavish world of 1920's New York. Readers are first introduced to the main character, young and ambitious Nick Carraway. It takes place in a turning point in America, the 1920's. Prohibition has been legalized but the people aren't listening. The usual style has changed and people are starting to be a little more daring. We then meet Daisy, Nick's cousin, and Tom Buchanan. Part of the plot is revealed when Nick crosses the bay to visit the two. Not long after, Mr. Carraway is invited to one of Gatsby's famous parties. Nick attends only to be hit in the face with so many stories and details. It is here that it's revealed that Gatsby and Daisy have a history. Readers follow a series of love stories, tragedies, and a bunch of other situations the 20's brought around in one single summer all through the eyes of Mr. Nick Carraway."
"This novel takes place in the 1920's and is based on some of the things that happened in the earlier part of F. Scott Fitzgerald's life. I felt that The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald was an amazing novel for many reasons.  Some people felt that around the first fifteen pages or so were not needed, but I thought that the pages helped me a lot with understanding the setting.  It was incredible how well written this novel was.  Every page just keeps pulling you in deeper and gets you more interested. As I got into the book, I had to think twice about whether it was a true story or not.  If you read this book straight through like any other book, you will think it was well written and had a good story line.  However, this book is much more complicated then it seems.  There is symbolism throughout the whole book that you should lookout for.  Once you identify it, you will have a whole new understanding of what this book is really about. I loved the way that this novel was such an easy book to read because one idea just flowed to the next.  Most books that are considered classics are relatively difficult to read, but this really wasn't.  It was really amazing how you could relate what happened in this book to what happens in everyday life today even though it is a completely different time period.  For people who like reading good literature, this is a must read."
"Do I really even have the right to review the Great Gatsby?  I'm pretty confident its merit has already been firmly established in American classic repertiore.  A bit embarrassingly I also  read it based on my excitement over the new Baz Luhrman film.  F. Scott would roll over in his grave I guess.  Anyway, I really enjoyed this book.  It's not lengthy and I finished it in 3 nights (and I'm no speed reader).This book actually brought Mad Men to my mind.  Jay Gatsby comes from a mysterious, extremely poor upbringing and goes to great lengths to become wealthy (take on a pseudonym) and delete all traces of his former life.  Sounds like another modern-day anti-hero, Don Draper.  The big difference between the two is that Gatsby does it all for the love of Daisy Buchanan while Don...well that's another story that hasn't been resolved yet.  However, Daisy may just be another trophy for Gatsby to acquire to prove to himself that he has left his desolate past behind for good.  We will never know.I felt this book imbued a genius commentary on rich society.  Those who aspire to be rich and try to become part of that world are chewed up and spit out, lives destroyed by those born into it, such as Tom Buchanan.  Gatsby (and most likely Don) can't survive that cold world.  A book ahead of its time, I can't believe I waited this long to read it."
"Like most high school students I read this in English class.  Like most students I dreaded it (Fitzgerald, Hemingway, Steinbeck, what's the difference?)  This was one of the first books to open my eyes to use of almost perfect prose while telling a story of less than perfect people. It helped that I had an instructor who led us on a hunt for the symbols within the story. She expalined the use of the symbols whether they were conciously put there by the author or whether they are a manifestation of societal mores and structure.The basic story line is that a poor boy falls in love with a rich  girl. The poor boy goes off to make his fortune, the rich girl marries someone else.  The poor boy comes back rich and finds the  unhappily married girl.  Chaos ensues.  At first he is one of the ""in"" crowd.  But Jay Gatsby still seems like the man trying to buy his way into high society.  His attempt to woo Daisy from her philandering husband ends in tragedy for one of the ""little people"" in the story.  As usual the old monied beautiful people are untouched by the petty problems of the rest of world, even if they are the cause.  The entire story wrapped in beautiful prose as if to emphasize that with the proper wrapping even the ugliest present can look beautiful.  The light of hope only blinks off once the contents are fully revealed."
"I read this book after having known the plot and ending, through another novel, The Double Bind by Chris Bohjalian.  I figured it sounded interesting and thought I would read it for myself.  Having known the ending didn't make for the most exciting read, but it was good.  More than that, it was more about what the novel represented and did not say.I won't go through the plot.  The 1920's were a fascenating time and this novel helped capture that.  While it was also written during this period, it had very much a sound and tone of an older novel which did take a little getting used to.  Overall, I'd describe it as a little more bland or plain spoken that what you might read today.  The character development was done with finess and the story was brought along to the conclusion masterfully.  Towards the end you just wanted to skip through to see how it would end.Overall it's a tragic tale.  There's a lot of tragedy in the book, however it's interesting how the author choses to present this to us, in a matter of fact way.  What really resonates with me is the topic of the past and how some of us are prisoners of it.  And how often a first love, may be your only true love.  The notion that maybe you can recapture this one day, is something I think many can relate to.  Great novel, I'm glad I decided to finally get around to reading this classic."
"""The Great Gatsby,"" by F. Scott Fitzgerald, is a well written novel that explores the everyday life of a town through the eyes of an outsider.  This onlooker sees not only the town, but every detail that paints a picture,  for the reader, of the town and its people.  The authors use of imagery is  very good, because he uses great detail to from the smallest item to the  largest disaster.  He describes, in one part, a simple billboard for T.J.  Eckelburg's, who is an eye doctor.  Fitzgerald describes the billboard  which has a great big pair of glasses with two eyes starring through, yet  this is not only a good ad, but it also describes the town by a simple  picture.  These eyes describe, that everybody is watching everybody, and  all is seen sooner or later.  Through his use of imagery, a metaphor is  produced, and the glasses and eyes are those of mainly Nick who sees all,  but also of the townspeople, who sooner or later see all that has happened.  This imagery also is used at the end of the book when the town is described  as the fire is burning it down. This helps paint a mental picture of the  destruction the fire did to all the buildings and the few people still  alive in the town.  All in all this book was a very good book because of  its use of imagery which placed the reader with in the story making that  much more exciting."
"""And so with the sunshine and the great bursts of leaves growing on the trees, just as things grown in fast movies, I had that familiar conviction that life was beginning over again with the summer"" (4)""When I looked once more for Gatsby he had vanished, and I was alone again in the unquiet darkness"" (21)""The city seen from the Queensboro Bridge is always the city seen for the first time, in its first wild promise of all the mystery and the beauty in the world"" (68)""It had gone beyond her, beyond everything.  He had thrown himself into it with a creative passion, adding to it all the time, decking it out with every bright feather that drifted his way.  No amount of fire or freshness can challenge what a man will store up in his ghostly heart."" (96)""Daisy began to sing with the music in a husky, rhythmic whisper, bringing out a meaning in each word that it had never had before and would never have again.  When the melody rose, her voice broke up sweetly, following it, in a way contralto voices have, and each change tipped out a little of her warm human magic upon the air."" (108)""...--he could climb to it, if he climbed alone, and once there he could suck on the pap of life, gulp down the incomparable milk of wonder"" (110)""'Madame expects you in the salon!' he cried, needlessly indicating the direction.  In this heat every extra gesture was an affront to the common store of life"" (115)""I was thirty.  Before me stretched the portentous, menacing road of a new decade.  [...]  Thirty--the promise of a decade of loneliness, a thinning list of single men to know, a thinning briefcase of enthusiasm, thinning hair."" (135)""...and Gatsby was overwhelmingly aware of the youth and mystery that weath imprisons and preserves, of the freshness of many clothes, and of Daisy, gleaming like silver, safe and proud above the hot struggles of the poor"" (150)""The afternoon had made them tranquil for a while, as if to give them a deep memory for the long parting the next day promised."" (150)""It was after we started with Gatsby toward the house that the gardener saw Wilson's body a little way off in the grass, and the holocaust was complete"" (162)""[Mr. Gatz] had reached an age where death no longer has the quality of ghastly surprise"" (168)""But I wanted to leave things in order and not just trust that obliging and indifferent sea to sweep my refuse away"" (177)""They were careless people, Tom and Daisy--they smashed up things and creatures and then retreated back into their money or their vast carelessness, or whatever it was that kept them together, and let other people clean up the mess they had made...."" (179)""He did not know that it was already behind him, somewhere back in that vast obscurity beyond the city, where the dark fields of the republic rolled on under the night"" (180)--------------------such lush and gorgeous sentences filled this small book.  delivered in an effortless manner.  i like very much the portraits fitzgerald summoned up of each of the main characters.  having said this, i don't believe this book is THE Great American Novel, as some critics would have it.  i don't know if it's even great.  it's a fairly good read, but to bestow such laurels on this novel is a bit of a stretch."
"+++++This interesting novel was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald (1896 to 1940).  It takes place during ""The Jazz Age,"" a term Fitzgerald actually coined.  This period of the early-to-mid-1920s ""was an age of miracles...an age of art...an age of excess, and...an age of satire.""The novel is about Jay Gatsby (whose actual name was James Gatz), a newly wealthy Midwesterner-turned-Easterner who orders his life around one desire: to be reunited with Daisy Fay (she's now married and known as Daisy Buchanan), the love he lost five years earlier.  His quest for the American Dream leads him from poverty to wealth and then into the arms of his beloved.  By the end of the novel, we get to see the ugly side of the American Dream.There are many socially insightful themes evident in the story. Some include (1) wealth (a key theme), (2) superficiality and shallowness (3) selfishness (4) materialism (5) societal expectation (6) societal stratification (7) immorality and (8) appearances.Something else that this novel is known for is its ""breathtaking lyricism.""  As a writer, Fitzgerald is very sensory-orientated.  Here is one small example of his fantastic writing found throughout the novel:""He took out a pile of shirts and began throwing them one by one before us, shirts of sheer linen and thick silk and fine flannel which lost their folds as they fell and covered the table in a many-colored disarray.  While we admired he brought more and the soft rich heap mounted higher--shirts with stripes and scrolls and plaids in coral and apple green and lavender and faint orange and monograms of Indian blue.  Suddenly with a strained sound Daisy bent her head into the shirts and began to cry stormily.""This particular book includes other relevant information and insight about the novel and its author.  The most helpful for me were the ""explanatory notes"" that explained key terms in the novel.  Here is an example:""West Egg/East Egg: The fictionalized geography of [this novel] was based on the actual geography of Long Island and the borough of Queens.  See map [that has the caption ""Long Island: East Egg to Manhattan].""Finally another interesting thing about this particular book is that its cover (displayed above by Amazon, be sure to click on ""see larger image"") has the original dust cover that was on the first published novel.  This is ""the most celebrated--and widely disseminated--jacket art in twentieth century American literature.""In conclusion, be sure to read this engrossing novel to discover for yourself why ""Fitzgerald stands out as one of the most important American writers of the twentieth century!""  As well, also discover why the social insight found in this novel is still highly relevant for the twenty-first century!!(first published 1925;  this particular novel published 1999;  9 chapters;  180 pages)+++++"
"""The Great Gatsby"" is F. Scott Fitzgerald's cynical take on the decline of the American Dream in the 1920s. Instead of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, Fitzgerald believed that Americans had become obsessed with the desire to accumulate great personal wealth, and that desire corrupted them. In ""The Great Gatsby,"" the title character tries to impress his lost love, Daisy, by throwing extravagant parties at his Long Island home every Saturday night. The reason why Daisy and Gatsby never got together in the first place was because they came from two very different social classes, which is why Gatsby eventually resorted to a life of crime in order to make enough money to capture Daisy's affections. Unfortunately for Gatsby, Daisy is nothing like the amazing woman he has built her up to be: she is selfish and shallow until the very end, and her actions ultimately end up costing Gatsby everything.The book is narrated by Nick Carraway, Gatsby's next-door neighbor. At first Nick is drawn in by all the glitz and glamour that the New York lifestyle has to offer, but eventually he becomes disgusted by the behavior of this so-called ""elite"" group of people. Nick also becomes involved with Jordan, a friend of Daisy's who comes across as being beautiful and charming one minute and then cold and unfeeling the next. In a way, Nick sometimes acts as Fitzgerald's voice in this novel, describing his bitterness about the lack of morality that is plaguing the nation. At the end of the novel, Nick has become so disenchanted by everything he has witnessed in New York over the course of a single summer that he decides to return to his home state of Minnesota, where life is much simpler and moral values are much more intact.I think ""The Great Gatsby"" is just as relevant to today's world as it was when it was originally published. Fitzgerald's readers will have a lot to contemplate after they finish this book."
"It's not as though I haven't read The Great Gatsby before. Like so many others, I read it in high school and tolerated it, letting the experience of being forced into the book color the book itself. But as years have gone by, I've often thought the book deserved a fresh read. And now, whether it's because I'm older, I gave it more benefit of the doubt, or I'm just a wiser reader, I finally understand what an incredible work of fiction the novel truly is. A far more complex and nuanced book than I remembered it being, Gatsby is neither a love letter to the 1920's nor a pure screed against them, and that sense of ambiguity and complex feelings is part of what makes the book so moving. It's hard to find characters here to admire; from our narrator, whose claims of his own honesty and lack of judgment are quickly revealed to be less than accurate, to the apparently wonderful but ultimately shallow Daisy, and even to the well-intentioned but deeply flawed Gatsby, the characters all defy easy characterization, instead becoming symptoms of a moral laxness that permeated the times. And the prose - my god, the prose! The valley of ashes, the silent eyes of an abandoned billboard, the painful meeting of long-separated lovers - Fitzgerald does it all beautifully and simply, telling a massive tale in a surprisingly few pages. Singing the praises of The Great Gatsby hardly feels necessary - is there anyone who was waiting on my thoughts to change their mind? But it's the kind of book that demands such praise, leaving the reader in awe of its greatness after you finish its deceptively slim length."
"What makes a good book good?I know what I think, but empirically, there should be some guidelines. So I googled, ""What makes a good book good""...The very first result is a book here at Amazon called:How to Good-Bye Depression: If You Constrict Anus 100 Times Everyday. Malarkey? or Effective Way? (Paperback)by Hiroyuki NishigakiGo ahead, google it yourself. I'll wait.And please read the two paragraph editorial review. I promise it will be the best thing you've read this week. There's just so much to love. Can we talk about that book instead?*At fourteen, The Great Gatsby was my first love.Twenty years later, it's still my favorite, perhaps though for different reasons.The central theme is simple--you can't recapture the past.What's also notable is how this story is so very American. Gatsby, the American archetype, was a poor man in love with a rich girl. Through whatever means he employed, he made a fortune. He reinvented himself and showed up again to win her heart.The idea of being able to be anyone you want to be, or being to change your life mid-course, is an (almost uniquely) American characteristic.Having money, though, is equated with moral flaws. Fitzgerald hammers the point home that people with money are careless: Careless about things and about other people.I vacillate between favorite characters. Usually it's a tie between the narrator, Nick Carraway and Jay Gatsby himself. Gatsby is the modern tragic hero.If you haven't read it in a while, pick it up again. You might find something new to like about it."
"No more perfect American book exists. Jay Gatsby pursues the American dream with a single minded zeal and the closer he gets to his dream the emptier he is.  The greatness of the book is both in this theme and in the way Fitzgerald makes Gatsby stand for all of us Americans. In his later works Fitzgerald falters but here every last detail is in its proper place. The narrator Nick is the perfect voice for this story. Through his eyes we may see that Gatsby is not all that Gatsby wants to be but like Nick we let ourselves be seduced anyway.  The most superficial creature in this book, Daisy, is the object of Gatsby's lifelong obsession. She is about as weak as that flower and no more complex. Only Gatsby with his undying ability to dream which is unmatched by any character in fiction and the reason we all love him can imagine she is anything more than the common flower of her namesake. Everything functions and happens exactly as it should. No plot, I suggest, can be repeated by more readers. I put this in a tie with Hemingway's The Sun Also Rises for greatest book by an American. Hemingway's book is equally great though for quite different reasons. I think in his next book Tender is the Night Fitzgerald is trying to cover Hemingway's terrain but unlike Hemingway Fitzgerald does not really belong in Europe. Hemingway uncovers what it is to be American by showing Americans outside America and in contrast to Europeans. Fitzgerald never brings his Americans abroad in contact with anything but each other.  But in this book he is brilliant. I just wish he would have stayed put."
I had to read this book for school and I honestly thought it was going to be so boring. But after the first chapter I was hooked. This book was amazing and I would recommend it to anyone.
"I've seen a handful of reviews that seem to conclude that the book is not a good one because the respective reader does not like the superficiality of the characters, or are not impressed by the glitzy rich portrayed in the story. These reviewers are completely missing the beauty of the book.The characters in The Great Gatsby were never meant to be likable (except for, maybe, Nick).  And the intention was never to dazzle us with awe or hatred of the fancy folk of Long Island.  This book is a tragedy. A tragic look into the hollow, lonely existence of these sad, lost, and desperate characters. And, along the way, Fitzgerald gives us some beautiful art in his sentences, in the word usage and structure, and also in the thoughts/feelings they convey.  Sentences/ideas that stay with you.Probably none better than the last few sentences: ""...future that year by year recedes before us...tomorrow we will run faster, stretch our arms out further...So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.""  That really stays with me, and is profound and haunting.I find the book as a whole to be this way, haunting.  A masterpiece, nonetheless."
"""The Great Gatsby"" is one of the most exquisite books I have ever read to date that deals with most if not all aspects of love and the challenges of life. There is so much to learn especially for us in this modern world where so many people use the word ""love"" without really knowing what it truly means. The author is so descriptive that I sometimes felt as if I was in the story. He made it easy for readers to penetrate the souls of the characters and relate to their lives.The character development is prodigious, while prose is outstanding. I felt as much for Gatsby as I have for the other characters. He always had high aspirations, but his dreams were taken away from him by the fact he had to fight a war, and he could never be the same again after that war. Gatsby's ambition is to have his former love, who is now married to an unfaithful husband, a quest that saw outstanding twist and turns in the story to make it the great read we have heard so much about. Disciples of Fortune,with a similar theme, is another inspirational book that I read with The Great Gatsby  for the month. This book is truly inspirational for everyone irrespective of race, gender, age or occupation."
"I do think it is a very good example of what good construction of a novel is.  That might be why people think it is a soap opera instead of being the solid writing that it is. The main difference between the soap opera and this is a soap opera doesn't really incorporate an opinion about it's characters although it does construct situations that are meant to reach the lowest common denomonator.  In this story, as opposed to soap operas, it does have a cut off point where you can not notice certain details of the story that change the significance somewhat, mainly, Fitzgerald's opinion of his characters and how they play.  There has never been a character in a soap that is portrayed in such a knowing way than the narrator.  What's so interesting is how he can insinuate certain things about the main character with the words he says.  I would be interested to see how little kids react to this book and how older people do because of children's tendency to take everything literally and older people's ability to see through the lies, or half-truths.  It really is a good novel and I don't want to actually detail the plot because I want you to discover it without my introduction.  I will give you the main character, though, the title character is named The Great Gatsby, but his real name is Gatz and he becomes an aquaintance of Nick, the main character who sees himself as objective and fair, and his cousin Daisy Buchanan who's married to Tom.  That's all I'll tell you, read it and have fun, it's a short read."
"Most classics fall into one of two traps. The first: thick, tedious prose, tiny font, 800 pages of 18th, 19th century drama. The second: a theme so blatant it sits beating the reader on the head, neglecting the fact that stories still have things called a story. Most fall into one of those two situations--thick or preachy.Not Gatsby. Oh no. Gatsby falls into neither classic trap. You can read it in a day and enjoy yourself doing it. Actually, you can read it in a few hours and enjoy yourself just as much as if you were rereading The Hobbit or Harry Potter. Then, once you've finished, you look back and see, to your wonderment, how powerful and deep The Great Gatsby really is.And that is only part of Fitzgerald's success.The entire work is highly precise. Every word has its reason for being there. None are wasted. The themes are embedded in precise locations so as not to jump out at the reader and consequently distract them from the story.Speaking of the story, Fitzgerald does what many classical novelists fail to do--tell one. Fitzgerald told a story about this man, Gatsby, who invented himself. As a result, he told a story about following dreams, and ambition, and living life, and viewing life, and carelessness. But he told the story about Gatsby, and the people around him, first.In that way, he avoided theme device, and plot devices, and made for an impeccable, enjoyable, thought-provoking read. Thus, five stars from me for the best classic I have ever read, The Great Gatsby."
"At only 182 pages in the paperback edition, The Great Gatsby looms far larger in the life of American fiction than its slim dimensions.  Unlike many novels with a great deal of hype latched to them, Gatsby lives up to its reputation in every blessed way.  Perhaps part of the staying power and widespread appeal of this work is that it and its author were nearly forgotten.  This powerful work was hardly read for more than 25 years, and now it is widely assumed to be one of the greatest works of American fiction in the 20th century. It earned its kingdom through dark years. From amnesia to aggrandizement shows that behind the swirl of its reputation is a powerfully complete artistic vision.  Like all great work, Gatsby can be read on many levels: as a critique of the shifting American psyche, as a critique of the pitfalls of capitalism, as a time capsule of the roaring 20's... each reading brings new surprises.  Perhaps the most refreshing reading is the uniqueness of the language.  Fitzgerald here created prose masterpiece.  Every sentence is finely wrought and cleverly designed, like jewels in an exquisite setting. He created, as he stated, a consciously artistic achievement."
"I believe THE GREAT GATSBY (that did not sell well in its day) is not Fitzgerald's best book. I think it has endured in academia because liberal professors like how it ""damns"" the American Dream. Gatsby tries to realize the American Dream by going from a poor boy to a rich man, and moving into high society. But he fails. (He never started down the American Dream trail anyway. Gatsby makes his money illegally, which is NOT the American Dream). Academics love when the American Dream is ""shown"" to be a house of cards. Then we can all embrace socialism.  Fitzgerald actually wrote better short stories (especially ""Absolution,"" which, ironically, was originally a childhood scene for THE GREAT GATSBY, but cut out). And Fitzgerald's contemporary, John O'Hara, said about Fitzgerald's later novel TENDER IS THE NIGHT: ""Compared with TENDER IS THE NIGHT, THE GREAT GATSBY is greasy kid stuff.""  And O'Hara was absolutely right. TENDER IS THE NIGHT is a much better novel. Ernest Hemingway even thought TENDER IS THE NIGHT was Fitzgerald's best novel. GATSBY ain't bad, but if you want to read the best of Fitzgerald, check his other work out first."
"Someone much more read, much more important in the world of letters, and much more famous, was asked a simple question -- what is the greatest American novel that you have ever read? Without hesitation, this author of conceivably a few candidates for such an accolade, blurted out the answer -- and without any embarrassment or any second thoughts -- the book is ""The Great Gatsby."" That person was Fitzgerald's friend and foe -- Ernest Hemingway.To any young person reading this book, I can only suggest that you swallow every word, understand that each is placed in a precise place for specific reasons. Tight --a term used by the 1920's meaning drunk and which Fitzgerald may have been much of the time while writing this novel -- describes the writing style of this classic. Nothing wasted. Nothing but pure and calculated prose delivering the reader with crisp, succinct and pithy portrayal of its characters and issues.I will not discuss the story. Hopefully, a new reader reads the book without reading others' interpretations. This is a classic. This is a great read. Take this book for a slow and enjoyable ride.You will finish the book, close the cover, and say to yourself what Hemingway probably said, ""Now that's a novel.""And, like many other readers of this book, you may very likely open its covers again and again in your future. Good books entice you to read them over and over.His sales prove that the book has been read multiple times. It has sold more than 10 million copies. Selling over 10,000,000 copies is something which most writers dream of doing for all of their books in their entire career -- something which few can proclaim. This book meets that criteria by its one copyrighted version. Amazing.Sadly, this book today -- in the United States alone -- sells 1.66 books a MONTH for every book sold during the LIFETIME of Fitzgerald. Fitzgerald unfortunately never got to see his work appreciated the way it deserved/deserves to be. In some respects, Fitzgerald's career is as sad or sadder that the protaganist in his greatest novel."
"The Great Gatsby holds a special place in my heart.  Like Nick Carraway, the narrator, I am a Midwesterner that ventured out East to Yale and returned somewhat disenchanted with the rhythm of life on the East coast.  So there are personal reasons for me to identify with the novel, in addition to Fitzgerald's unusual brilliance and mastery of the English language.This was not always the case.  Many people-- some of them very intelligent- often faulted The Great Gatsby for being 'soft' or 'too easy to read.'  This is not intentional academic snobbery-- how often have readers taken up a facile book without coming away satisfied?  Indeed, the critics of Fitzgerald's time did not take him seriously for similar reasons-- I myself fell within this skeptic group until I reread the novel four years later after heavy exposure to the other literary lights of that time.Having now read The Great Gatsby approximately twenty times, I have come to recognize the unique power of the novel.  It is, as described in the introductory essay, a complete miracle.  It is a miracle of social criticism as witnessed by the unsurmountable gap between old and new money; it is a miracle (one might almost say an inevitable result) of the modern schism between the age of hard-nosed science and pure romantism; it is a miracle of story-telling, combining Hemingway's lucid economy with Faulkner's innovation and power.  The result is Fitzgerald's characteristic 'magic voice,' which has yet to be duplicated by any author since.And above all, it is a good story.  At the heart of the tale is the use of a partially-involved first person narrator (in the form of Nick Carraway), combining the power of the first-person POV with the sweep and scope of the third person narrative.  This stroke of genius becomes even more evident as parallel story lines develop, resulting in the convergence of the two paths and the famous closing scene with the now-transformed Nick brooding on the deserted beach.There is so much to this book that it is impossible to list all that I admire.  Yet paradoxically, unlike other masterworks like Absalom! Absalom!, it is possible for everyone who reads The Great Gatsby to view the work in its totality.  It is so natural that it is almost as if Fitzgerald did not write it, and rather, the work appeared completed and perfect of its own volition-- a masterpiece for everyone."
"This novel has been characterized as the quintessential American novel, and even as ""THE"" American novel.  Whether or not I agree with that characterization, F. Scott Fitzgerald's short but dense tale is a masterpiece.  That said, there is not much I can add to the years and years of analysis and praise.  This book is simply stunning.I will not rehash plot details here, but I will make a few comments.  I studied this book as an English major at college, and just reread it for fun 10 years later.  I remember reading it as a student, and learning about all the symbolism present.  If you look for it, you can find symbolism contained in every paragraph.  A few symbolic themes I remember studying were those of colors, the weather, religion and the Bible, and numbers.  I remember learning that different colors represented different traits.  White, for example, supposedly represents purity, while yellow represents artificiality.  Therefore, the name Daisy is itself a symbol:  a daisy is white on the outside and yellow in the center.  Accordingly, Daisy appears to be pure but inside is tarnished and artificial.While it is fascinating to study all the symbolism in this novel, this time I read it purely for the story.  And the story is more than enough.  Strip away all of the symbolism, and this would still be a masterpiece.  This is the tale of a twisted perversion of the American dream--one of Gatsby's ambition to amass a fortune in order to win over Daisy.  Yet he will never win over Daisy, for she will never love one who has to earn his wealth.  It is the story of Gatsby's failure to win even one true friend, despite the fact that his house is always filled with people, and everyone ""knows"" him.  Even the narrator only arranges Gatsby's funeral out of a sense of obligation and pity.This slim masterpiece is beautifully and concisely written, and heartbreaking without ever being sentimental.  This book has survived 75 years worth of critical analysis, and it still going strong.  In another 75 years, people will still be studying this grotesque manifestation of the American dream."
"Delivering no comforting message or feeling of warmth, The Great Gatsby glitters and dances off the smooth and lively words of F. Scott Fitzgerald.  ""It is a shocking book,"" wrote Walter Yust, ""one that reveals incredible grossness, thoughtlessness, polite corruption, without leaving the reader with a sense of depression, without being insidiously provocative.""  The book is captivating; when the story becomes calm and relaxed, the words themselves remain thrilling as they impel the pages to keep turning.  Set in the 1920's, The Great Gatsby explores the life of the wealthy and hopeful  J. Gatsby as he pursues his love, Mrs. Daisy Buchanan.  Through the narrative of the gentle and level-headed Nick Carraway, we learn to love Gatsby and to loathe those who cause his downfall.  Money, love, selfishness, infidelity and misdirected passions are woven together to form a net that ensnares the larger part of the book's characters.  ""Gatsby turned out all right in the end; it is what preyed on Gatsby, what foul dust floated in the wake of his dreams that temporarily closed out my interest in the abortive sorrows and short-winded elations of men"" (pgs. 6,7).  Yet, through many understated, despicable acts, there is a light of goodness and hope: Gatsby's hope.  It is seen shining brighter than the great and twinkling lights of Gatsby's summer parties.  ""It was an extraordinary gift for hope, a romantic readiness such as I have never found before in any other person and which it is not likely I shall ever find again"" (pg. 6).  Fitzgerald magnifies the underlying ideas of the novel in each of Daisy's tears and every splashing drop from Gatsby's fountains.  When gathered together, the droplets reflect Fitzgerald's own life of money and misfortune as his own wife caused him heartache over an extra-marital affair. Furthermore, Fitzgerald  also battled against the troubles of living a lavish life without an incredibly stable income. As the story can be paralleled to Fitzgerald's own life - Gatsby can be paralleled to the ideals of America in the 1920's; a generous visionary with a goal and, also, hopeful enough to pursue his goal.  ""Gatsby believed [in] the future that year by year recedes before us... So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past"" (pg. 189).  As time went on, the world around Gatsby changed, and, outwardly, Gatsby changed right along with it.  But, inwardly, Gatsby longed for and strived to regain his past, just as so many people of the twenties were torn between the past and the present.  The Great Gatsby shows a hero like we have never seen before.  A hero who unconsciously battled against an evil force: corruption caused by money.  He also, consciously, fought for the sake of his heart as he tried to regain the love of his past.  Despite his valiant efforts on both battle fields, Gatsby is trampled over by the effects of the thoughtless, calloused actions of others.  With the book thus ending, Gatsby can still be called nothing short of heroic."
"Considered by many to be one of the greatest novels of our century, this book presents a vivid chronicle of the Jazz Age and is a tightly constructed work of literary genius. In the novel, Nick Carraway tells the story of his neighbor Jay Gatsby, a handsome bachelor who has amassed a fortune as a racketeer in order to build a Long Island mansion and give fabulous parties that he hopes will enable him to win back the love of the married Daisy Buchanan.This book is a story of the American dream and Fitzgerald's basic belief that the dream has been degraded and corrupted until it almost seems to be foolish to aspire to that dream because it would just make one morally derelict. The lower orders that aspire to infinite and instant wealth are trying to adopt the values and standards of the established rich class, which are already corrupt. Fitzgerald felt that American idealism had been corrupted by embracing materialism as its means. Fitzgerald believed that we are in a vicious circle, that the established wealth is corrupt but the new rich adopt to the same ideals as the old rich and they become corrupt and join the established wealth and then the new group aspires to the established rich values and so on.A strong statement of the author's personal values and beliefs, it is also a highly entertaining read."
"The Great Gatsby. A story of a man who dared to live a dream - for a woman who didn't. A story of one great and foolish love that's been squandered by those not capable, those that chose to watch from the outskirts of life, because it's safer that way. Because he, the great Gatsby, lived a dream that threatened to expose their own blank existence by comparison, so they participated in the feast, they tore the juiciest pieces off each dish, only to wipe their greasy fingers on the table cloth, when the party was over, with the words, that ""poor son-of-a-bitch.""Of course I can only dream to capture what The Great Gatsby is about, but this rang true to me when I closed the book. This voice kept telling me over and over. Don't you dare thinking you can, it said, don't you dare sticking your head out, I will whack you so hard, you'll be sorry. Don't you dare dreaming of style and flair and exuberance, I will yank the carpet from under your feet just so you know where you belong. Don't you dare. But I do. I will read this book many times over, to hear the story anew each time, to learn the beauty of language from those impossibly long sentences that wrapped their ideas around my head in an exquisite silk of thought. The way only Francis Scott Fitzgerald could command them. My hat off to the master."
"Obviously so much has been written about this great classic of American twentieth century letters, that my renderings will hardly add to the pantheon of acclaim and recognition that this wonderful story invokes. F. Scott Fitzgerald is a prime example of one who writes so well that he makes it seem easy.Like his contemporary Hemingway, he had the ability to make shocking statements without exclamation or over-emphasis. Also, his narrator is in a way a step removed from the central story, although having his own demons and hang-ups; in the end he is an irreplaceable part of Gatsby's sad ending.The story transports the reader into the 1920's, when bootlegging and infidelity were taboo but evidently commonplace. Idealistic love, and its dissolution, are at its core. This makes the novel timeless. Daisy Buchanan (the central female character) represents the type of ideal, rich, carefree woman that the 1920's is known for; Jay Gatsby the swashbuckling and debonair type that women sooned over; urbane and unaccountable. Perhaps the novel shatters the shallowness of those simple stereotypes. It is not by any account a feel-good reminiscence of the Jazz Age. bit something much deeper. The brilliance is that it makes you pine for the era while exposing the obvious superficiality present within it."
"I am not a big american literature lover, but I really love this book. You can really identify with Jay Gatsby and his will to win back his lost love. I also love the writing and symbolism by F. Scott."
"Whenever this book is discussed, the american dream and the jazz age are the first things to be mentioned. I never understood this because, for me, the emotional core of the novel is understanding the extent to which men are willing to fabricate and chase illusions. This slim beast of a novel allows us to walk in the shoes of a man determined to recreate the past and shape reality to his wishes. Everything Jay Gatsby does is designed to win back his love, but time, social status, and reality stand between him and his dreams. By empathizing with Jay Gatsby, we understand our own desires to recapture the past and our own tendencies to objectify the people we cared about. It is for this reason that this is a great piece of literature worthy of reading and rereading.For those out there who find the characters unsympathetic, please note that the same negative traits found in the characters are the same traits we all have. Gatsby, Daisy, etc... are not supposed to be role models, they're supposed to highlight our own desires and flaws. While we might not find them euphoric to be around, we certainly learn more about ourselves by being with them. And besides, I actually like Gatsby.Also, Fitzgerald writes with abundant wit and sarcasm that is truly charming."
"I had read The Great Gatsby for the first time in high school, and if I didn't have to read it again in college, I would've said: it's over-rated, it's boring..blah blah, I didn't know how to read literature! I strongly believe that everyone who rated this classic novel below a 3 stars didn't fully grasp the symbolism in the characters, the location (East/West Egg, Dr. T's Eyes), the green light or the meaning of any of the relationships. It's a really quick read, 180 pages, you can do it in one day...but read with much concentration! Go back to your college days and remember that legendary authors, such as F. Scott Fitzgerald, crafts his work so that NOTHING is written by mistake. The setting, the colors, the dialogue, they all have an underlying meaning.I would also recommend reading a little biography of F. Scott Fitzgerald before reading ""The Great Gatsby,"" because then you'll know that it's somewhat autobiographical, being that he is from the Midwest and he was a solider.Overall, reading The Great Gatsby requires immense concentration and an understanding of literature/symbolism. If you do some prior research, then you'll realize WHY it is a classic.And don't just skip the book and watch the movie (with Robert Redford), because the book is MUCH MUCH better."
"The Great Gatsby, by F. Scott Fitzgerald, is a fictional novel portraying the lives of wealthy young citizens of West and East-Egg, Long Island.  Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby was his chance for something new.  It was his chance for what he believed was greatness.  Today the Great Gastby's name is synonymous with that of Fitzgerald's.  Fitzgerald's novel includes love,mystery, and a myriad of events that would lead to downfall and tragedy.  The story takes place around the jazz era.  Nick, the narrator of the story is a young gentlman who comes out to the west into Long Island into a bonds business.  He spends his summer with his cousin Daisy Bunchanan, her husband Tom Buchanan, and their friend/tennis star, Jordan Baker.  Nick is fascinated by the mystery and lifestyle of his neighbor Jay Gatsby.  Gatsby, the topic of the story, is a man who had built an empire for himself which eventually like many empires, fall.  As much as Gatsby is great, he is plagued with many rumors.  Gatsby befriends Nick to get to his cousin Daisy whom he was once in love with five years ago before he had gone to war.  He goes through many obstacles such as Daisy's husband Tom and his fear of rejection once again.  It turns out that Daisy had rejected him in the past because he was too poor.  Gatsby makes his way up top through some illegal activities accompanied by his friend Meyer Wolfshiem. For years Gastby had been hosting parties and moved to West Egg to lure Daisy and to meet her once again.  After wising to the fact that Nick was her cousin he had found his trump card.  However this novel does not end in fairy tale. It is more of a Shakespeareian play, a tragedy. Althoygh I'm more partial to happy endings, the twist in the story does very well suit it.  The story is wonderfully pieced together, in storym plot, and ending but it lacks excitement.  Maybe Fitzgerald was headed in the direction of simplicity but this is definitely too simplistic.  I don't agree with Fitzgerald's title for the story.  To my knowledge there was nothing great about Gatsby.  He used people to his advantage like the way he used Nick to get to Daisy.  To get Nicks help he would even in a manner, bribe him.  Was it because he was rich and famous?  He became rich through illegal acitvities such as bootlegging with shady figures such as Wolfshiem and he was just as famous as rumors about him were.  There is nothing great about that struggling man.  A more appropriate title would be ""The Late Gatsby"".  He is dead inside.  I found some parts of the story quite blurry and hard to understand.  Was the role of Tom Buchanan a bad man or a good yet misunderstood man?  Some say he's a brute but was his actions justifiable?  I believe they were; he was only standing up for his wife.  He does admit to loving his wife Daisy and tries to keep Gatsby away from her.  Is he wrong for doing so?  In one man's opinion he may be protecting his family from a home wrecker and in another man's opnion he may be blocking the starving lover from his candy of his eye.  In the end I believe this isn't much of a reading material.  I was easily bored.  Maybe the story could have been more interesting had Fitzgerald created a much better narrator.  Everything in this story wa pure descriptive.  Although it was pieced together well, it lacked substance.  Maybe this story would be more appealing to the older age groups but to keep interest in teenage readers, I would have to disagree.  It is not really a bad story in terms of construction, just in the ability to maintain a reader's interest."
"F. Scott Fitzgerald had set out write a simple novel depicting the Jazz Age's misinterpreted lifestyles and emptiness.  Not only did he complete this task, but he did so within the bounds of a simplistic literary masterpiece.  Rarely does a work of such quality tend to be simple and light, and still get an emotionally heavy and confused message to the readers.Nick is our narrator in Fitzgerald's namesake title.  Spoken in retrospect, we only recieve one view of the people and places described outside of dialogue.  This is important in realizing what sort of person Jay Gatsby was, as we only see him through Nick's eyes, he may have established himself as different sort to his other 'friends.'Nick moves himself to West Egg Staton Island after military obligations and into the house neighboring one Jay Gatsby, who shared the ranks with Nick in the first World War. The Great Gatsby throws extravagant parties and rarely do his guest take time to acknowledge their host. Nick finds himself caught in the line of love, when Gatsby reveals his purpose for the house on the sound and the life of parties. They were all a lure, a bait, to bring one Daisy Buchanon to his home.  Daisy happens also to be Nick's cousin.  When Tom Buchanon realizes Gatsby's intent Daisy is caught in the witness's satand in a debate of devotion. Tom, who hasn't always been true to Daisy, finds a crowd about the home of his mistress as he passes it with Nick and Jordan, another aquaintance of the lot, riding in his coupe.  She had been struck by a car as she attempted to halt the oncoming driver.  Daisy was the driver, but Tom convinced the unknowing mistress' husband that Gatsby was behind the wheel.  Mr. Wilson went hunting for Gatsby, he found him by his poolside and murdered him, then Wilson ended his own life.Nick felt strangely obligated to organize Gatsby's funeral.  Jay was an Oxford man, a self-made millionaire without a real friend in the world.  He never took time befriend another, due to his obsession with Daisy. Thus, no one save Gatsby's father showed up. Of all the guests and aquaintances of Jay Gatsby, two were at his funeral and none would inherit his wealth.""They smashed up things and creatures, and then they reatreated back into their vast carelessness, or their wealth or whatever it was that kept them together."" -said of Tom and Daisy, and their wreckless, excess and insecure partnership."
"In college, when I asked my literature professor to name the greatest novel of all time, without hesitation, he mentioned Anna Karenina by Leo Tolstoy.  I then asked what he thought was the tantamount novel by an American.  He offered three, Moby Dick, Huckleberry Finn, and The Great Gatsby.  I had already read Moby Dick and Huckleberry Finn while I attended high school.  However, my high school failed to include The Great Gatsby in its curriculum.  I vowed that summer (1993) to read Gatsby.  Since then I have read it two more times and savored each subsequent reading.  I now understand why The Great Gatsby has received such an exalted position in the literary stratosphere.After his first two novels, This Side of Paradise and The Beautiful and the Damned, F. Scott Fitzgerald said he wanted to try something ""exciting and new.""  His creation became The Great Gatsby, published in 1925 to modest success.  It wasn't until later that Gastby became regarded as Fitzgerald's masterpiece.The Great Gatsby is a short novel and can be completed in a day or two.  The ease of reading The Great Gatsby belies its intricate plot and evocative prose.  Gatsby perfectly captures the prosperous, carefree era of the 1920's.  The novel appealed to me because of its Long Island setting.  East and West Egg are Manhassat and Great Neck.  Jay Gatsby, the novel's protagonist, had a love affair with Daisy Buchanan that ended when Gatsby went to fight in World War I.  Gatsby lost his fortune thereafter.  Daisy married Tom Buchanan while Gatsby was away.  To regain Daisy's affections, Gatsby uses unscrupulous means to garner money.  Tom Buchanan refers to Gatsby's bootlegging.  Gatsby throws lavish parties at his home thinking Daisy might attend.  Daisy won't leave her husband, even though she knows he is having an affair with Myrtle Wilson, thus creating tension between Gatsby and Tom.The American dream does not become a reality for everybody.  Although Gatsby's wealth can afford him a luxurious house overlooking the Long Island Sound, it's the wrong currency for recapturing Daisy's love.  Daisy and Myrtle are both materialistic characters and money clouds their perceptions.  Daisy ignores her husband's affair with Myrtle due to Tom's wealth.  Although Tom treats her terribly, Myrtle is shallow and only sees Tom's affluence.The Great Gatsby also vividly displays Fitzgerald's adept utilization of foreshadowing and symbolism.  The car accident in Gatsby's driveway at the beginning of the novel provides a case in point.  When one reaches the end of the novel, this scene will become more poignant.The late comedian Andy Kaufman, to the consternation of his audience, incorporated a reading of The Great Gatsby into his stand up routine.  This is a testament to the stature the novel has attained in the last sixty years.  Gatsby is the epitome of the perfect novel.  The Great Gatsby has become my favorite novel of all time, with Anna Karenina being a close second.  I would recommend everyone read the book before seeing the mediocre Robert Reford film.  I like Redford, but I thought he was dreadfully miscast as Jay Gatsby.  I hope my high school English teachers now provide The Great Gatsby to their students.  They will be treated to a genuine literary masterwork."
"One gets the impression from reading the negative reviewsof this novel written in these ""modern"" times that thereviewers are refusing to recognize any correlationbetween Gatsby and his world -- and themselves and theirown. It seems they would rather mask their own weaknessand vulnerability behind a screen of ""objectified""skepticism and complaints about the ""boredom"" of thecharacters and the the plot. So be it. But it is attheir peril. For in refusing to see, the blind stumbleacross the cliff whenever it comes. It is true, this novel on the first read (and perhapsat the wrong time in one's life) may seem a surface,rather than a depth. But with experience, and heartbreak,shadows and depths appear not only in one's own lifebut also in one's understanding and insight into thingswhich earlier in one's life seemed to make no sense orto have no real meaning, depth, or interest. Such isthe wonder -- and horror -- of life and living. There are two main types of Idealists who swim inthe shifting, unstable oceans of life. One is theRomantic Idealist -- moved by visions and fantasiesof beauty (usually for some unattainable female goddess,who may be a Medusa in disguise), by his luring feelingsand passions, toward some elusive goal of ultimate bliss.The other is the Classical Idealist -- moved by visionsand dreams of beauty (usually involving some unattainablemale god, who may be Hermes or a malignant Apollo indisguise), by his luring Reason, divine intuitions,and mystic desire for melding and absorption towardcommunion with the Ideal (the beauty, the power,the love). Jay Gatsby is a Romantic Idealist. If that fact isnot understood from the beginning, then all that ismarvelous and miraculous about his metamorphosis --and ""apotheosis"" -- cannot fully be understood. Whathappens to a dream deferred? What happens to a dreamtransmogrified into a nightmare? What happens when youth, yearning, hopes and dreams(weighted down from flight by the oppression and depressionof poor beginnings) -- suddenly meets the greatAmerican fantasy of ""the Main Chance?"" Chapter VI ofthis novel is the inner sanctum of the the Temple ofApollo at Delphi. There we see Jay in his true light.His fantasies, his future, and his fatality. ""His parents were shiftless and unsuccessful farm people -- his imagination had never really accepted them as his parents at all. The truth was that 'Jay Gatsby' of West Egg, Long Island, sprang from his Platonic conception of himself. [Fitzgerald has it wrong -- Jay is a Romantic Idealist, not a Classical one.] He was a son of God -- a phrase which, if it means anything, means just that -- and he must be about his Father's business, the service of a vast, vulgar, and meretricious beauty. So he invented just the sort of 'Jay Gatsby' that a seventeen- year-old boy would be likely to invent, and to this conception he was faithful to the end."" -- F. Scott Fitzgerald. [with the addition of a few quotation marks] Some lines from Catullus seem approprate to Gatsby'sfixation on Daisy. For poor Catullus was as hopelesslydriven for his Lesbia as Jay is for his Daisy: O sparrow...my Lesbia's darling pet; Her playmate, whom she loves to let Perch in her bosom and then tease... With tantalising fingertips; Provoking angry little nips For my ""bright beauty"" seems to get A kind of pleasure from these games... Even relief -- this being HER way, I think, of damping down the flames Of passion. I wish I could play Silly games with you, too, to ease My worries and my miseries. --Catullus. So sit under the shade of a nice tree, on a calmsummer afternoon, with a gentle breeze blowing...let the air caress your dreams...read this haunting,sad, seductive novel...and meet me later by the pool.And I will show you folly in the shape of a man. [in memoriam...of the clam-digger and salmon- fisher...""his brown, hardening body living naturally through the half-fierce, half-lazy work of the bracing days""...]"
"Yes, The Great Gatsby is a true classic. It is such a beautiful little novel, and its themes transcend the century.Most people know the story. Nick, who narrates, has just moved to New York, and his life becomes entangled with that of his mysterious neighbor, the rich, self-made Jay Gatsby. Jay Gatsby is in love with Daisy Buchanan, Nick's cousin, who is married to Tom Buchanan. The plot follows the telling events that take place between this small group of the Jazz Age elite.The entire novel is so exquisitely constructed. The prose is beautiful, the plot is an emotionally moving degenerative tragedy, and the symbols are intricately woven in to deftly illustrate the theme. And that theme is so relevant as Fitzgerald laments over the fall of the American Dream. He reveals the wasteland that is, the America made hollow by the embrace of materialism and a set of false ideals to adhere to their materialistic longings. There is so much that Fitzgerald says, and reading the work, one feels that the Jazz Age has yet to end. We are still reeling in the languish Fitzgerald described."
"In my younger years my dad gave me some good advice. ""When you feel like criticizing anyone, put yourself in their circumstances first.""I never saw my grandmother, but I'm supposed to look like her. I had a rich uncle, who lived near the rich and famous, but he didn't live in a mansion like the Gatsby's. However, like Nick carraway, the narrator in this novel, I was awestruck by the wealth, my uncle's way of life and the rich and famous.I loved the movie that was based on this novel, and found the book to be delightful reading. F. Scott Fitzgerald did a great job of bringing to life the characters in his novel and making them have flaws like everyone has from time to time. I have heard the jazz age was a wonderful time in lots of ways and this novel brings the way of that world into our minds, hearts and fascination. I imagine our lives would be very mundane without great writers like this. I hope everyone explores this classic tale.Jeannie Walker Award Winning Author of ""Fighting the Devil"" - A True Story of Consuming Passion, Deadly Poison, and Murder"
"Can't repeat the past?  Why of course you can, says Gatsby.  Essentially, this is the prototypical Great American Novel - that old cliche of pop literary culture so often used by writers and laymen alike.  The book conflates America's promise of the past, corruption of the present, and hope for the future.  It is the beautiful and ugly side of American ambition, optimism, and sense of invincibility that makes so many Americans feel immortal.The story, which Mencken inevitably declared to be a trivial anecdote, is nevertheless an exciting look into twentysomething romanticism.  Glamorous parties, nouveuax riche and old money values colliding, the luxury of youthful idleness, whirlwind romance.  This is the perfect book for a high school student with dreams.More than anything, this book struck me as a metaphor for timeless American ethos.  Gatsby makes the paradoxical attempt to move against the tide of the future to bring back the past.  He wants, like so many people, to bring back that magical moment in his life when he thought life was eternal, the world was beautiful, and he was the biggest man in it.  He wants to recapture the love that opened a plethora of infinite possibilities, turning his back on the reality of changing times and changing people.Gatsby's greatness is in making himself and others believe the sublime fantasy that thinks itself real.  He wants his Daisy as so many other people have wanted theirs - pure, perfect, and existing solely for him.  The ambition to defeat life may become tragic, but it never gives up hope - the hope of a better, stronger tomorrow.  And in the end, it is action that moves the world, but it is hope that keeps the world alive."
I used this with my class of special education students (high school).  They could follow along in their books and listen to the tale of Jay Gatsby and Nick Carraway.
"The Great Gatsby wasn't just great, it was fantastic, excellent, amazing, and most importantly fun to read.  Fitzgerald's style of writing ingrigued me from the beginning.  His exquisite use of figurative language had me fully engaged.  I never wanted to put the book down.  His characters had me enthralled throughout the whole novel, and I felt like I was watching the events happen, just as Nick was.When I first was told I was going to read the Great Gatsby I wasn't that excited.  Although the 1920s were a fascinating time in our history, it didn't seem the book would be that great.  Once I read the first page, I was proven wrong.  There were many themes that taught me.  Instead of running away from the question ""What are the themes of this novel?"" (usually asked by English teachers), I wanted to know the answer and understand the novel more.The symbolization in the novel was also great.  The green light across the bay represents the far away love Gatsby has for Daisy.  The clock falling represents the way that love has been lost and will never be retrieved; that too much time has passed.All of the symbolization, the themes, and the distinct description throughout the novel make it a wonderful read.  I enjoyed reading this novel so much.  It was one of the best written novels I've ever read.  I loved it!"
"Jay Gatsby is a tragic figure blinded by his own ambitions to rekindle romance with Daisy, a woman from his past. The story is told through the eyes of Nick Carroway, who sees from all perspectives the world of the rich: the hollowness of the Buchanons, the ""mask"" that Gatsby must wear to attain his goals, the many ""acquaintences"" of the Gatsby parties who only attend his parties because it serves their own purpose of having a good time.At the heart core of this tale is the question of how far one must go to follow the aquistion of a dream, whether realistic or not. Nick admires Gatsby's determination, but he sees the dangers of Gatsby continuing to follow his dream. However, what Nick learns from Gatsby is the most essential part of the book.This is one of those books that starts off relatively slow, but picks up as we move on. It is set in the mid 1920s and has a few flashback references to Gatsby's former affair with Daisy. Overall I would recommend reading this book if you have never done so. I will admit that I was assigned this book in high school, but never even finished it. When I reread it a few years later, I was pleasantly surprised. I think what you should take from a book like The Great Gatsby is what it says about not only life in the 1920s, but the times we live in now."
"I would have to agree with Mr. Thompson on this one.  I can't add any new words of wisdom that haven't been written already by one of the other 600+ reviewers of this book.  This deserves 6 stars, and is the quintessential american novel, putting the American Dream under the microscope and finding the ugly truths that lies beneath the glammor.  The jazz age of the 20's is the perfect setting for a novel like this, about the American Dream, and the people who would do anything to acheive it.  This is the era of bootleggers (how Gatsby got his money) and the sort of reckless spending and investment that sent the country into the Great Depression.  If you are in high school, you should definitely read this book, and most high schools make you read it.  I read it back in high school and didn't think too much of it, but after reading it again on my own, without useless worksheets or stupid deadlines, I got a lot more out of it, and that's what I suggest, read it on your own.  If you are over high school age and haven't read this, shame on you.  Pick this book up now, and read it front to back.  No cheating!  Do yourself a favor, and pick up this american classic, old sport."
"4 stars means: It was a great book and I would recommend it to almost anyone.This novel best epitomizes the 1920s in New York and the U.S. as a whole. Although it starts moderately slow, as a lot of 'classics' sometimes do, at least to the modern reader, it is a engaging read with genuinely interesting and extremely complex characters.On the characters: Few novels manage to create this depth of personality in such a large number of characters over so few pages. You come to, if not like, at least be interested in the fate of everyone in the novel. Although there are very few people you could honestly root for this becomes part of the fun of the book.The party scene is a seminal moment in fiction. It is one of the best captured moments through so few words.The prose is not fluffy but well crafted and meaningful. Fitzgerald manages to illuminate deeper issues in the plot through brilliant diction and subtle analogies.This and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button are the only works of Fitzgerald which I have read, but both have made me want to enjoy more of them. I would recommend it to anyone interested in a good, but not to easy, read."
This book takes a slice of a certain aspect of American life and holds itself up to inspection.  What is love?  How does expectation versus desire affect who we are and what we do?
"The Great Gatsby was a great novel and one that everyone who has read this, will remember.  I truly believed that it defined and era of our country.  The extravagant parties and tea times. Gatsby's tragic flaw although was the fact that he loved Daisy and fell in love with her once again, too easily.  Daisy, I feel had no respect for Gatsby, especially after his death.  Not going to your lovers funeral is the worst flaw anyone can possess.  I feel sorry for Gatsby and hope that this never happens to anyone close to me.  Everyone who said and acted like they were his friends truly weren't.  I also feel very sorry for Nick Carrawy because he has to witness a great man st and alone and still be happy in the process.  Gatsby's book also describes the era of the 20's very well.  He has been known to define the Jazz age and th era.  Affer doing some basic work on the 20's, it shows that it really does describe alot of the time period.  Gatsby's place in life was not showed through his work.  His life suffered more hard work than Gatsby ever could.  I think that through his works he tried to portray his life in a way that he wish it would have went."
"Contemporary readers likely go into this work expecting the quintessential American novel, and though I found it less than world-changing, I was pleasantly surprised to see it live up to my expectations, a nice combination of lyrical beauty and economical pacing.  The tone of the  storytelling is fascinatingly whimsical and monumental at the same time. As  it satirizes the lifestyle of a group of free-wheeling upper class  twenty-somethings partying through a summer on Long Island in the early  1920's, the title character displays an innocent desperation that resonates  profoundly, indeed, on the meaning of the ""American dream"".  My only major qualm involved some apparent contradictions regarding  this said character. At the outset Mr. Gatsby is referred to mysteriously  as a celebrated self-made man who few can get close to. When we do get  close to him, however, he suddenly becomes two-dimensional, a love-crazed  sap. I wished Fitzgerald had gone further to make the Gatsby we come to  know match up more with the far more complex character we have imagined.  However, this problem is minor. Among the many more numerous things to  admire, it stands out how Fitzgerald reaps benefits from using an the  unconventional narrative style perfectly appropriate only because of the  idiosyncrasies of the tale, a terrific example of content dictating form.  This is one ""classic"" you will not regret reading."
"Gatsby is a wise guy from New York in a time where dishonesty brought lots of prosperity.  He and his counterpart, Meyer Wolfsheim, are involved with plans and schemes that the narrator, Nick Carraway, only can guess at. Gatsby, however, has an endless love for his ex-fiancee, Daisy. Daisy left him for Tom Buchanan, who is a superbly stuck-up jerk from Long Island.Each of the main characters, Gatsby, Nick, Tom and Daisy, are comparable to elements. Gatsby is Water, because he lives on the water and throughout the end of the book, it is constantly raining. Wind is related to Daisy because she seems ephemeral and untamable, flowing in and out of Gatsby's life. Nick can be paralleled to earth because he is steadfast in his beliefs and morals. The final element, fire, belongs to Tom because of his flaming temper and his tendency to explode at people. At times, the language of the book can be tough, but the pain is eased by the glossary of words and phrases in the back. I enjoyed this because of its nagging requirement to think and uncover and allude to God, the history of the world, and the beginning of the book."
"Deceptively simple...beautiful language, memorable story and characters, many layers...i've read this three times. very quick, enjoyable read. learn something new every time."
"""So we beat on, boats against the current, born back ceaselessly into the past"".Surely one of the most apt and, to the reviewer who claimed no one can understand it, clearest conclusions to a novel. The Great Gatsby is a novel about the pursuit of a romantic ideal. Gatsby/America pursues its ideals in vain. For all our optimism, for all the pure belief in the ideal/the green light/the orgiastic future, it recedes before us, year by year. It is unattainable, it does not exist, it is but the projection of our past desires (for Gatsby, read the Daisy of his past, for America, read the untarnished new world). Still, no matter, we will keep trying, we will row on, boats against the current, our goal folornly already behind us... we are born back ceaselessly into the past.As for the anti semiticism/racisim - Tom is a racist, but is clearly an unthinking ignorant racist - did Fitzgerald really need to expressly condemn him? The condemnation is implicit.Perhaps the professor referred to in the first review had his own political agenda. If so, i suggest he read Roth's the Human Stain."
"Since I read it in 9th grade, The Great Gatsby has been one of my favorite books. Every once in a while I give it a re-read, only to find my reading of the timeless tale of love lost, disillusionment, and new money society to be more relevant than the last. The rich metaphors and symbols in this book are a fantastic introduction to the ideas, and a pleasure for young and old readers alike.After years of only owning this book in ebook format, I thought it necessary to purchase a hardcover copy, one that will last long after my ereader has died, and one that can be passed along to my children and their children.I was initially concerned that this would not feature the remarkable original artwork, the golden eyes hovering in the sky, but I can happily say my fears were unfounded. The book jacket appears exactly as it does on the first two photos for this listing, with the original artwork taking up the entire front, and a photo of the brilliant author on the back.I think this is a must-read book for all, and readers won't be disappointed by this Jazz age masterpiece."
"From an iPad, so please forgive typos and the like.First and foremost, I know what it's like to resent a classic  that everyone else touts as a great work of art.  I feel insulted for some reason. Maybe it's because I know I'll have to explain myself.  I'll have to distinguish myself from intellectually shallow people who prefer a good football game to a good book. I'll have to list the great works I do respect. Sometimes, I too am convinced that some folks out there are just intellectually dishonest. Whenever the topic of literature arises, I brace for the eventual discovery and judgment of my tastes and intelligence.  I don't like ""Crime and Punishment"".  I think the prose are disjointed and nonsensical.  The motivation of raskolnikov bewilderding.  Yawn.That being said.  Far too many people I know and respect absolutely love the book.  It happens to top most favorites lists.  I guess I'm just out of the loop on that one.  Unfortunately for you (1 star reviewers), you're out of the loop on this one.I breezed through this book in a day, and found it to be just as engrossing as any modern pop fiction novel.  Most of the negative reviews I have read had to do with the reader's negative reaction to the ""shallow"", ""selfish"", etc. characters.  The reviewers also seemed disappointed in the lack of character development. There were a few other points made, but these two seemed to be the most frequent and so these are the two ill address.Perhaps, with all of your wisdom and experience, people like the characters of this novel would repel you instantly.  Maybe daisy's charms would float right over you, or Jay's enthusiasm for living would grate your nerves.  I've read some 5 star reviews that also highlight the shallowness of the characters, but see it as a criticism of 1920's society.  I'm afraid I don't see it that way.  I guess because maybe I know these people in real life.  They're broken and empty, but not any less human than anyone else.  My point is, you might not like them instinctively, but they are not invalid straw men.  Poor character development?  Why?  Because there isn't a character arc?  Most people don't change in real life.  From the outside, it's easy to judge daisy's weakness, Jay's misplaced dreams, etc.  But how different are these people from any of us?Most of us Americans live better than 90% of the planet.  We live better than 99.9999...% of any human in the history of our species.  How would the true have nots see us?  Divorcing at an astronomical rate.  Complaining that our steaks cost too much, that our gas is too much, 40 hour work weeks, plane delays, tv commercials... You get the point.  How shallow are we?  Daisy isn't any different than a lot of women I know.  Trapped between pragmatism and romance.  For the feminists, George Wilson is a pretty familiar modern husband.  Jay Gatsby is the American dream actualized.  The quickest path from destitution to opulence, fast and loose.I could keep going, but I've just been killing time in the waiting room at the hospitals.  Now, it's time to go.  Hopefully I didn't wander too far off topic."
"Fitzgerald's third and best-known novel, ""Gatsby"" is remarkable both for the degree of skill already evidenced by the 28-year-old writer and for the unmistakable turn of phrases, a hallmark of Fitzgerald's writing. My favorite aspect of Fitzgerald's prose is the way he was able to convey such precise shades of meaning, fearlessly crafting sentences that though wordy perfectly capture a character's emotions or a memory's effect.""The Great Gatsby"" is, essentially, a tragic story of love gone wrong. Is a lie told out of love less censurable than those told for lower reasons? Gatsby spins a cocoon of lies around himself, a cocoon from which he hopes to emerge as a new man worthy of Daisy's love. He emerges instead into a world of liars, and though on the face of things he is the biggest grifter of them all, Gatsby alone elicits sympathy: there is a degree of absolution due the creator of such a colossal deception. It is almost as if one is begging to be found out. Neither Tom nor Daisy nor Jordan nor even the unhappily married Wilsons have any such claim on our understanding. In the course of this story everyone lies to everyone else: only Gatsby pays the price. The truly creative liar is punished, the everyday tellers of banal lies go unchecked.I personally preferred ""Tender is the Night"", perhaps only because its longer and more complex nature allowed Fitzgerald more room to perform, to draw on all the powers at his command. But ""The Great Gatsby"" is definitely a worthwhile read, a relatively short tale told with the ease of a colorful memory."
"With ""The Great Gatsby"", F. Scott Fitzgerald takes us into the life of Nick Carraway, who - at the height of 1920's glitz and excess - has just moved to the East Coast with the hopes of getting in bonds sales. Detached but forever present and trusted by the characters, Nick tells the story of Jay Gatsby, an enigmatic neighbour who throws lavish parties, and Daisy, with whom Gatsby is infatuated. As the story evolves, we are slowly given insight into an odd love triangle, the penalties of excess, and who Jay Gatsby really is.The Great Gatsby is a smooth read which maintains its capacity to be called a classic throughout the ages, despite having been written 80 years ago. The themes it investigates (infidelity, greed, class struggles, etc.) are as timeless as Fitzgerald's wonderful prose, and the carefully interwoven and surprising storyline makes for an exceptionally entertaining read as well. Although I would struggle to call this a ""love story"", as some have, I would certainly concede that it is a story about love. More than just a love story, though, it deals with the ramifications of infidelity, the consequences of infatuation, and the effect wealth and security has on it. Fitzgerald's statement can be found in simply considering where everyone is at the end, and what they have done to be there. Is that justice?A welcome read for everyone. True classic.Matty J"
"Gatsby is one of those novels that I love to come back to and reread. It's really a writers' textbook that teaches by example how to extend, invent, and use language in new and effective ways. For it's a rare book that gets this amount of meaning into a sentence and it's a rare book that has the dimensions and extraordinary intensity of impression that its paragraphs carry. Scenes blaze with life and it all goes by so fast I always end up with the feeling that I have finished a short story not a book. In Gatsby Fitzgerald is more in command and control than he is in all his other novels put together including The Last Tycoon, Tender is the Night, The Beautiful and the Damned, and This Side of Paradise. Gatsby is a novel with few false moves, a simple story and a simple plot. One might say almost perfect in structural simplicity, but the meanings are complex creating the suggestion that there is more, much more, under the surface, which incidentally there is. Part of the subtext is brought out by rich symbolism. Who will ever forget the weird eyes of T.J. Eckleburg looking over the wasteland of ash and what that means? Who will ever forget the green light at the end of Daisy's dock and what that means? If you haven't read this classic of twentieth-century literature, please read it. If you have read it, you might profit by going back after you have matured some more and rereading."
"The cover didn't even match the picture, I wanted the original blue cover with the eyes but instead got this?"
"I really tried to like this book - twice.  But instead the drivel and flat predictable storyline was monotonous to me.  I know this is considered to be an American classic, but there are surely more classics worthy of the title."
"The Great Gatsby could be called the perfect novel - a flawless plot, creative characters, and beautifully written. Scott Fitzgerald's masterpiece is one the finest novels America has produced. It centres on the lives of a few wealthy New Yorkers during the 1920s, and is now thought of as epitomizing the `Jazz age' more than any other novel (hell, more than ANY other book for that matter).Through the main character Gatsby's love for Daisy, Fitzgerald shows us how we become blinded by our dreams, and yearn so much for them that they take over our perception of reality. But Fitzgerald was also giving a scathing criticism of the materialistic lives of the wealthy, as the sub plots and numerous conversations in the novel show. The narration of the character Nick is superb, and the numerous flashbacks that he describes are brought on so effortlessly that the reader often forgets they are occurring.I have read the Great Gatsby twice, because this really is the type of book that needs to be read more than once. It works on so many levels that cannot be fully grasped in a single read. The books slimness (most editions are around 200 pages) make it is a quick but by no means light read, Fitzgerald packs more than one could ever imagine into these 200 pages. A true classic."
"This is supposed to be this ""great classic"", but it was depressing. I didn't connect with any of the characters. In fact I disliked most of them-a few intensely. Glad I read it, since I never had, but BLAH"
"Here's one of the most read American novels.  Sure, it's been heaped with praise since the critics of the mid-1920s were thinking about worshipping a new messiah.  But let's face it: their enthusiasm was on the right mark.The Great Gatsby is a swift, gorgeously written story about people we don't seem to have anything in common with.  These are confused, wandering, sub-stratispheric members of an even more deeply ingrained sub-culture that, for the modern reader, also has no bearing on anyone they will ever encounter.  And yet the prose and the narrative force of this novel imbues these alien characitures with the sweet and stunning glow of life.  They transform into very human beings caught up in much of the youthful pain and torment of anyone who ever dreamed of success.  It is a tragic, heart-rending story of broken-hearts and insincere love as well as an epic portrait of nearly an entire generation of people embodied in the character of their greatest ambitions.  This book soars higher and higher with the passage of time and continues to force students, sometimes, to realize that they can enjoy reading a novel.A wonderful, extraordinary book that tends to stay with you for a long time."
I wanted to reread this as an adult before I saw the movie. This is the only case where the movie was better than the book. Hard to follow and boring. I don't understand why it's considered a classic.
"The Great Gatsby along with The Sun Also Rises is one of the most alluring and fantastic portrayals of a certain time-period of thought and decadence in American history. The roaring 20s, the Jazz Age, is captured in all of it's wanton desires, greed, and debaucherous elegance. Throwing lavish parties and stopping at nothing to make his idealized relationship come true, Jay Gatsby chases his dream girl with reckless abandon. Despite the lavishness of his monetary wealth and possessions, the end produces tragic consequences, broken relationships, and broken dreams that leave the protagonists mending their emotional and physical wounds.The use of symbolism and double-meanings is truly profound as Fitzgerald creates a canopy of subtle messages of the dangers present in the pursuit of illogical desires. Much of this novel parallels Fitzerald's own tumultuous relationship with his wife Zelda and the fragments left behind from the real-life counterpart year's later are stunningly analogous to the results explored in this novel. A masterpiece of literature that continues to stimulate the mind and interest of the reader in its exploration of deep seated human foils."
"I read it after the new movie was announced, decent book well written in simple english..nothing fancy at all. The writer does not create a 500 page monster by describing the hem line on dresses and instead keeps it short and sweet and at the same time gives you a visual idea of the scene. A simple story about rise and fall of Mr.Gatsby narrated by a another character."
"I'm an avid reader of both popular and literary fiction and on my third reading still could not find much of value in ""Gatsby."" The claim that ""Gatsby"" is the ""great American novel"" or the greatest novel of the Jazz Age or of the 20th century has been repeated so often it's become a mindless mantra. I have been persistent in searching for its value. I first read it in high school, reread it in my thirties and just reread it again in my 50s. Each time I found it to be mostly a waste of time with the exception of some of Fitzgerald's pithy descriptions of character. There's no question that his descriptive writing can be sharp and evocative but to what end? All but one of the characters in ""Gatsby"" are air-headed, self-absorbed, manipulative snobs with whom - try as I have - I feel no shred of empathy. The dialogue is banal, the plot twists amount to cheesy melodrama, and the women characters are especially vapid. If the point of the book is that people with misplaced values are delusional and damaging to themselves and others, OK. If the book indeed captures a small segment of the lives of the indolent wealthy in the 1920s, OK. But the great American novel? For that, I need something with considerably more depth and, generally, a more epic canvas. Moby Dick,The Grapes of Wrath,To Kill a Mockingbird and Ragtime: A Novel are just a few that come to mind. One virtue of ""Gatsby"" is that it is short, just 180 pages. You might want to read it to see what the fuss is about. I won't be going back to it for a fourth time, that's for sure. I give it two stars for some good descriptive prose; nothing else in the book works for me."
"Although F. Scott Fitzgerald's book ""The Great Gatsby"" may seem a tad superficial upon the first reading, it really is quite a gem when examined closer. There are many important and significant symbols that are  so intricately and subtly woven into the story, that only a careful reader  would be able to catch them all. Fitzgerald makes excellent use of colour  symbolism in things such as Gatsby's clothing and car, and the green light  at the end of Daisy's dock, place symbolism, in regards to East Egg, West  Egg, and the Valley of Ashes, and time symbolism, which can be caught when  one looks at the timeline that the book follows.  Fitzgerald's seemingly  shallow depiction of five characters in the roaring twenties is really a  symbolic masterpiece and a classic novel of the twentieth century. A  must-read for any deep reader, or anyone who wants to become one."
"If I was a high school student forced to read this and have to answer test questions on it, I would not think so highly of this book. However, now thirty and coming to this on my own I found a book that has righfully earned it's place among our few American classics. At first, Fitzgerald's poetic and economic prose takes some time getting used to. I found myself rereading certain passages. It did win me over though, after the first page where the narrator defines personality as ""an unbroken series of successfull gestures."" He has other witty observations throughout and I was surprised to see how funny the book could be at times.Symbolism aside the story is a decent, readable one. The premise is a young man starting out in 1920's New York after the end of Worls War I whose next door nieghbor is the self-assured but mysterious Jay Gatsby. This may seem boring to some, but I hesitate to say more at the risk of giving anything away. Trust me, there more to it. At first it meanders, seeming to string a series of almost random but interesting vignettes depicting the jazz age. For those who may want to give up on the book at that point, I say don't. Fitzgerald has been setting the reader up. The other shoe drops halfway through the novel. Also a note on the characters. Even though you may not agree what the characters are doing, at least it invokes a reaction. Which is more than I can say of the ""classics"" that I was forced to read in high school.The themes in Gatsby are very poignant. Showing us how fragile dreams and perceptions, both self and outside, can be. And that sincere intentions do not always come from honest sources. Is this the ""Great American Novel""? I don't know, I have a few more books to go before I make that assumption. What I can tell you is that I  has a pleasant time reading this one and see why many people think so."
"It should come as no surprise that F. Scott Fitzgerald is a Midwesterner who came to New York City to try his luck. Many great New Yorkers came from outside the City (PT Barnum, Robert Fulton, Alexander Hamilton, etc.). However, their fresh perspectives of Gotham--something a native might overlook--allowed them to see things in a different way. Nick, the narrator of THE GREAT GATSBY, is also a Midwestern boy who comes to New York. In Jay Gatsby, Nick sees someone alluring, mysterious, dazzling, intimidating, aloof, and shady--all those qualities associated with Jazz Age New York. And the population of Gatsby's parties, like the population of Roaring 20s New York, are money-, power- and sex-hungry, yearning for celebrity, and, in many cases, hollow people who drink too much.For all the drinking, Nick's view (and therefore Fitzgerald's) is incredibly sobering and clear-eyed. Caught up as he is in the excitement, he is often repelled by some of it. THE GREAT GATSBY, in my book, contains some of Fitzgerald's most lyrical writing. In form, character development, and plot, this book stands out as just an important book of early 20th century American literature as anything by Steinbeck, Dos Passos, or Dreiser."
"The first time I read Gatsby was in high school, too young and coerced to come away with much but an urge to slap Daisy. The second read, in my early twenties, was magic -- I drank it in a night, awed by the grace of the language, and particularly swept up in the sad romance of it: gauche, hopeful Jay Gatsby, arms and dreams wide as he stared across the Sound at the green light at the end of Daisy's dock.This third time was the best, the purest, and if you haven't read it for a while, I urge you to pick it up again. It's truly a masterpiece, painting the whole American mess in vivid colors and flawless perspective without wasting a stroke. The best part, the deftest, is that Fitzgerald makes everyone culpable, from philandering elitist Tom Buchanan to passive narrator Nick Carraway. Even the reader can't help but feel involved: In the thousand wrongs and slights of everyday, in our selfish wants and our crueler rationalizations, we create and prolong the world Fitzgerald painted for us.And yes, I still want to slap Daisy."
"A dreadful version of the timeless classic, this ill-considered reading by Robbins dulls the novel's sharp social criticism. Robbins is best suited to comedy, to loveable boobs who stumble through life without a hint of tragedy or despair. These human conditions weigh heavily inside the black heart of Fitgerald's work, which is unsettling not only for its accurate portrayal of patrician soullessness but also for its message that the American Dream is a rotten carrot dangled before us. Robbins is the wrong voice for the job. As other reviewers have noted, his female characters come off like opium addled Mississippians. This Louisvillian can attest that our women, here represented by Daisy and Jordan, do not talk like deep fried lotus eaters. How disappointing to get yet another unsatisfactory rendering of Fitzgerald, arguably our best writer, if not the best chronicler of the class stratification that we Americans try so desperately to deny. The film with Mia Farrow and Robert Redford remains an umwatchable dud, but this reading is equally poor."
"The Great Gatsby has always struck me as such a self-involved, negative wankfest. None of the main character's has a lick of integrity and very little decency besides, and while all sorts of parallels can be drawn to the current breakdown of capitalism in the face of the division between rich and poor in America and the growing political dysfunction, that would be ignoring that this was written before the market crashed, by an idle rich guy who basically saw his own class as contemptible but offered precious little vision of an alternative."
"To me this is literary perfection. It is the only book I know of that is complete: not a word should be cut, or added. It has a palpable mood in which the reader in engulfed: decadence, melancholy, longing, hope, failures, dreams, and an unflinching striving for something purer in a world that wants to drag us into its arrogant and indifferent corruption. Gatsby is THE romantic hero, and Nick the sensitive observer on whom the moral foundation of the book rests. The symbolism is simple and works unobtrusively. I love this book and have read it several times now. It is like a great painting or scene that holds in its smallest details the universal design or chaos if that be the paradox.Reading some of the reviews I find people's opinions varying greatly. Some very intelligent people dislike it, even hate it while others love it, or think it good. The same can be said of not so intelligent people. As Nick puts it: ""I was within and witout, simultaneously enchanted and repelled by the inexaustible variety of life.""Do not be too greatly influenced by reviews or the book's reputation, simply read it and decide for yourself. In the end considering how short the novel is, how accessible, and if nothing else(I personally think it is much more) a literary phenomenom, it is worth reading for anyone interested in novels and literature"
"Note - this review assumes you've already read the book.Writing is excellent and east to get into, and you feel you know the narrator despite his lack of emotional openness.  Gatsby however I found elusive and even somewhat unbelievable - maybe that's the idea but the notion that this otherwise capable guy lives his entire life in pursuit of his elusive Daisy and what-might-have-been strikes me as, at best, fanciful and at worst bad romance-novel blubber.  Maybe I'm cynical but I just don't believe anyone without severe emotional disorders - a stalker, a depressive, etc. - would idealize someone the way Gatsby does Daisy, and after what seemed like a pretty superficial, if intense, initial relationship.  If Gatsby is supposed to be so emotionally or psychologically damaged that he would thus lose all perspective, Fitzgerald does a lousy job of having it manifest in other ways that would give the reader a clue.  Overall I come away finding Gatsby, who is supposedly this tragic hero, to be a histrionic schmuck.  Not that he deserved his fate, really, but c'mon - he shows up out of the blue to steal a woman away from her husband and child?  How am I supposed to sympathize with that?Having said that, the book is very evocative of the time - jazz age, flappers, etc. and this is its true attraction.  A generation of people with wealth, health and opportunities who fritter it away with gaieties and shallow pleasures - this I can understand, and relate to when I look around me at my own age.  Fitzgerald may not have been a huge critic of this (he was too busy participating) but his portrayal of the life of the bold and beautiful doesn't exactly come across as an endorsement either.  Tom and Daisy Buchanan in particular provide a good and not too heavy-handed example of carelessness, as Fitzgerald thoughtfully has Nick point out at the end of the book.  The utter self-absorption of running your life based on `what do I want?' causes them to be oblivious to the lives they ruin.  Nick, to his credit, at least has the decency to feel tawdry about his involvement in it all, and to escape back to the west.  A parallel English novel is Huxley's Point Counter-Point, about a similar  demographic (rich, spoiled, idle) in England at the same time.Other thoughts - interesting sub theme of midwesterners adrift in the wild east, that I hadn't picked up on much and can relate to, after living in the east, though I think the midwestern mindset has gained some confidence (or the east has realized its vacuity) since I found it more pathetic than intimidating.  I had also forgotten how obvious it was that Gatsby's wealth came from the Jewish NY mob and his connections to it.  Not sure of the significance of that (some comment on the American dream?) but it does undermine Gatsby's shine a bit, and made me even less sympathetic to him as a character.  I also thought the giant eyes of DR TJ Eckelberg were an interesting touch that I had previously overlooked - cuckolded Mr. Wilson, in his rage and grief, focuses on the eyes as he rants ""You can fool me, but you can't fool God!"".  Considering how little justice there is to be found in this story, this is the most comforting line in the book."
"Fitzgerald once wrote that a truly great writer should write ""for the  youth of his own generation, the critics of the next, and the  schoolteachers ever afterward."" How prophetic! Although I wasn't born  until 40 years after Fitzgerald's death, the messages he speaks are as  clear to me as if he were speaking in my ear. this american literary  masterpiece, with its rich themes of time, devotion and the american dream  is well worth its praise. Fitz knew it was his best work, and it's a damn  shame he couldn't live to see it gain the respect of the world. i reccomend  that anyone who enjoyed this book read more on Fitzgerald's life and you'll  want to check out the short story ""winter dreams"" which resembles  gatsby in several ways. If you ever make it to USC in columbia, s.c., go  and see Professor Bruccoli's collection of F. Scott at the Thomas Cooper  Library."
"I am one of those ""freaks"" who makes sure to read this novel at least once a year. It brings me a sort of solace.  This is as close to a Salinger novel as one can get. Moral lessons spoken thru New York City in the early 1900's.  In this case we have the author and his 2nd cousin, a worldly woman who steals hearts and refuses to let go.  Gatsby accomplishes everything he can create in his mind, but he cannot compare to what Daisy demands. She is noy human it seems, and Gatsby cannot keep up, no matter how hard he tries.  This novel was required reading in high school, and thank God for that. Even after my 12th grade english teacher pounding into my head the symbolism of the eye-glasses on the billboard in the city of ashes. And also why Gatsby was a ""heroic figure"".  Basically, this novel ends the only way it can. Death is necessary and we all will perish. But sometimes we die a bit too soon.  No matter where I am in my life, this book always sets me straight. What will be...will be.  Gatsby could not have lived any other way. It's all good."
"What is there not to be able to say about The Great Gatsby, except that it was a fantastic book. When I first read it, it was for a class assignment, the next couple of times I read it, it was for pure and unadulterated pleasure. I'm not sure it's even legal to fall in love with a piece of literature that isn't a romance novel, nor a sonnet, nor words of love written to you, the way I fell in love with this literary masterpiece. Up until recently, I had forgotten how much of an impact the words within this piece had on my life. And not to say that Gatsby will be that awe-inspiring to everyone who is fortunate enough to pick up this book and begin to read it, but for me, I wouldn't trade the experience for anything. Fitzgerald conveys so many things in this book, it amazes me just how deep everything is...it's almost as if nothing is really what it appears on the surface, everything down to the ditch, and the billboard, and the ""chance"" meeting with Owl-Eyes...everything has a deeper meaning and extrodinary effect on the outcome of the book as well as the reader. To sum up my point of view of this book, I cannot praise it enough. It is definitely (in my eyes and library) one of the 5 greatest pieces of literature ever written. Falling somewhere between the Bible and perhaps The Richest Man in Babylon."
"F. Scott Fitzgerald explores social dynamics in The Great Gatsby.  It's worth tracking the character development time and time again in order to better understand inter-and-intra-personal dilemmas.  Fickle Daisy, egotistical Tom, and detached Jay allow a close up view of people that are in reality much different from their superficial appearance.  Reading The Great Gatsby has trained me to recognize facades, and penetrate them, to realize better relationships with people I might otherwise have misunderstood.  Much is made of the colors in the book, the environs, and the historical context, but I've found the greatest value in trying to relate to characters whose actions and images are polar.  A good test of whether or not you've penetrated the facade is if the characters' actions start to seem logical from their standpoint.  It took a second read for me to get to that point."
"""The Great Gatsby"" is narrated through Nick Carroway, a man who is new to the town of West Egg.  Through Nick's eyes the reader learns of Gatsby, Daisy and Daisy's husband Tom.  Gatsby is a veteran who has horded  much wealth through corrupt means. In the beginning of the story, the  reader knows very little of Gatsby or his past.  The conflict is apparent  in Gatsby's utter love for Daisy.  The plot centers around this conflict  and much happens because of it. The theme of this story is that  money can't buy happiness; therefore the search for happiness should be of  one's own accord.  This theme is brought out by the characterization the  author uses in the story.  For example, through the first quarter of the  book the reader learns about Gatsby from rumors and gossip.  The  characterization brings out the tone of suspicion and nerviousness, leaving  the reader to guess the next step of the plot for themselves.  Through and  through ""The Great Gatsby"" is a classic book with very effective  literary techniques and a universal theme."
"The Great Gatsby has been one of the most inspirational books to me.  I have actually found it easier to find things fascinating after reading it.  This is a great American novel about the ""American Dream"" and is one of the most real and thought provoking readings I've ever done.  It ranges from romance to even some action that keeps you turning the page.  This book is already considered a classic and though it may be slow moving in the beginning, you'll appreciate it once you get through the book and understand that the points that the author has made definitely provokes your mind to think about things in real life.  To say the least, this book was inspirational to me and I see it more than a good read.  It creates a fascination that not many authors can create.  If you're looking for an inspiring book about the American Dream... look no further than ""The Great Gatsby."""
"I had delayed reading this incredible book for the longest time - no I'm not ashamed of it, I'm a very picky reader.Unfortunately though, I must admit, I saw the movie first, before realizing what an incredible story is behind the plot line. So I had to read it and go through the experience.I loved it.To be honest it started a little slow I guess. The first few pages were good but slow. I wanted to get to all the exciting parts first. But after the tenth page I was hooked. I loved the writing. It's easy to follow and so beautifully descriptive. It's probably one of the most amazing love-stories/tragedies I've read. The strong mixed feelings you develop during the final chapters stay with you for quite a while after you've turned the last page. I would recommend for every - even picky - reader to grab this book immediately and begin reading."
"I absolutely love this book.  It's one of my all time favorites, the paradigmatic story of romantic obsession (which, like all true romances, ends in betrayal or death--in this case, both). What raises this romance far above the genre is its profound insights into both human nature and America as an ideal and a culture, and the quality of Fitzgerald's writing: from his masterly employment of literary tropes and his gorgeous prose to his unforgettable characters and evocative descriptions of places and events, Fitgerald's ""The Great Gatsby"" sets unsurpassed standards for great fiction. It has a permanent place on my bookshelves and in my heart.The San Val hardback edition is a step up if you want this for a home library.  But if I were going to buy a hardback and also wanted a great scholarly introduction to the text, I'd invest in the Harold Bloom critical edition."
"When Fitzgerald wrote ""Gatsby,"" the Great Depression was still several years away. World War I, only a few years past, seemed already a vague memory to the men in the story. Parallels in Fitzgerald's and Gatsby's lives are not so subtle, and if ""write what you know"" is the best advice a writer can take, Fitzgerald here takes it and runs with it. Reading the book as a teenager, as many people do, left me with no particular feelings, but experiencing ""Gatsby"" again as a middle-aged man, I can more fully appreciate Fitzgerald's lyrical talent with words and the themes he explores. Loyalty, longing, and living for a dream that has, without your noticing, already slipped away. Frank Muller's wry narration gives just the right kind of touches to the many characters.This is part of the George Waters ""re-experience the classics while commuting"" series.George Waters"
"What can I say? This is one of those novels that is so beautifully melancholy and tragically romantic as to inspire countless additional readings. F. Scott Fitzgerald has the most unique and surprising way with words. This book not only moved me with its lyricism but left me often with a sort of physical feeling that I simply cannot find words to explain.This novel says so much about the emptiness and excess of the jazz age as experienced by the wealthy leisure class.Fitzgerald so wonderfully portrays the idea that it is the STRIVING for greatness that counts in life, because once it is reached, it can never possibly live up to the grandeur that one envisages in dreams. In many ways, this book suggests the end of the American dream, and while Gatsby himself is not far from reproach, he represents the desire in all of us to be something better. He is both flawed and beautiful; lonely yet eerily surrounded.If you want to be moved, read this book...and really pay attention to the language and the mood; it may very well change the way you see the world."
"What can you say about The Great Gatsby that hasn't already been said? A great writer is rarely recognised in his or her own time. They are often denigrated and their books misunderstood. Like Herman Hesse Fitzgerald suffered at the hands of critics, critics whether they are professionals or just amateurs are often the ones who are least capable of recognising genius because criticism is usually intellectual and the intellect can only grasp what it knows and can understand. I am so glad these classics are being discovered now by a younger generation. Maybe it will inspire better writing than we have today, when so much is merely fodder for short attention spans. I can think of only a handful of writers that fall into this category, Herman Hesse, Lawrence Durrell and a new comer...a new writer for our generation, which has not yet been recognised, Adriana Koulias."
"I am sorry to have waited so long to read this masterpiece. F. Scott Fitzgerald's crowning achievement is a relatively concise, easily readable gem of a story, which goes much deeper than the average genre fiction (obviously), but not in a dull way.It is very easy to picture oneself as Nick, the protagonist, attempting to piece together this strange character, Jay Gatsby, and the elaborate world he inhabits. Character development is beautifully accomplished as the book progresses, and there is no wasted scenes or characters. In fact, there is a great deal of substance to the entire story, despite its focus on the lack of substance for the characters presented.The Great Gatsby will help you understand the lives of the fabulously wealthy in the 20s, but more importantly it will help you begin to understand the real world, and what is really important. Gatsby's ""Green light"" is each of ours as well, if we would only see it.If you have a soul, you will love this book, and either way, it will certainly make you think."
"This is one of those classics that packs an entire indictment of a society within a very short space. The Great Gatsby is less than 200 pages long in most editions, yet it contains so much of Fitzgerald's outlook on the world around him. The novel's portrayal of the emptiness, brutality and meanness of the ""Jazz Age"" has made it one of the most famous English language books of the 20th century. It is so packed with ideas that every reviewer has a different opinion on the themes of the book, as well as the main point. The best thing is to read it for yourself, it only takes a few hours.Essentially the book is about a few meagre happenings narrated by Nick, an outsider to the world of upper class suburban New York. He encounters crime, infidelity, tragedy and an obsessive desire for keeping up pretences; but it is the deeper motivations of characters such as Gatsby, Tom and Daisy that are most fascinating.The book is very visual, possibly because the large number of movies about this era make it easy to visualise the settings in a rich manner. And although it has a sense of nostalgia for the past, I did not find myself nostalgic for the bygone era at all. Fitzgerald pulled one of the great nihilistic pieces of the century."
"Good read, worth the time. It didn't end how I thought it would but I liked it none the less. Hopefully the movie does it justice."
"In this book a certain Jay Gatsby has accumlated a vast wealth from nothing, having any material possession he might ever need. Yet, he lacks love. This is about his attempt at capturing his love, and all the strange things that a man might do to get it. The flashiness and greatness of the 20's are represented well in this book, with lavish parties and care free guests. It shows that the rich have problems as well, and many times their lives are more empty than the lives of those that are poor. Fitzgerald's writing style kept me very entertained, being very calm and relaxed throughout the whole book. The oddity in Gatsby's ""style"" kept me interested and thoughtful, such as the constant use of the phrase ""old sport."" I think this book deserves to be considered the classic that it is, and has earned its place among other greats."
"This novel may have a bit of a negative association for many past and present American high schoolers, myself included (two decades ago), who were forced to read it.  And it is a touch boring.  But other than that it's a great book, especially considering that the author was only 29 years old when it was published.  It flawlessly captures the excesses of the roaring 1920s in the Hamptons of Long Island, through a group of characters who are each distinct and not easy to forget.  The description of the wasteland surrounding the shop of the mechanic, George Wilson, is a very interesting way to contrast the lavishness of the Hamptons.  And there actually is a fair amount of action in the plot that intensifies the psychological aspects of the story.  Author of Adjust Your Brain: A Practical Theory for Maximizing Mental Health."
"I say that The Great Gatsby is empty calories because it is my belief that even fiction should be  food for thought and this book was so easily digested that it was easily forgotten.  I am in the 9th grade and have only  begun to form my own tastes for adult literature, but to me, there is an  enormous difference in the knowledge I gleaned from this book versus George  Orwell's 1984 or Emile Zola's Germinal, both of which I have read this  month.  I found myself absorbed in both of those books and even took  interest in understanding the principles of socialism and totaltarianism.  I found myself feeling just a little more enlightened by these books.  The  characters in the Great Gatsby, however, are by comparison, very  superficial, and I didn't connect with their problems.  So even though it's  a moderately dark book, it went down like a fairy tale: eloquent, fanciful  and fluffy.  Some people like that, but I would rather laugh and cry with a  good book than read an indulgent novel like The Great Gatsby."
"I am a writer and I re-read ""The Great Gatsby"" once a year just to be inspired by the master wordsmith of all fiction literature. Although the characters and the period are dated, the craftsmanship of F. Scott Fitzgerald cannot be equaled. I defy anyone to pick a better word, for ANY word that Fitzgerald used in this epic novel.Though it was not a monetary success when first published (Fitzgerald actually made a living by writing short fiction for magazines and was paid enormous prices for his work when America was in a depression) the fact that it still sells the huge volume of copies each year speaks to its appreciation by those who love perfect prose.With the ease of writing these days (he wrote in long hand) it is a shame that there is not one novelist today who can match Fitzgerald's genius for putting words together."
"There is this handful of books where empathy is actually possible with the first person narrator:  Catcher in the Rye, The Bell Jar, Invisible Man, All the King's Men, god forbid - Lolita, throw in Bukowski for good measure, but also The Great Gatsby.  These books throw us into their subject by allowing us to understand what it would be like to be in the same scenario, and we can better understand that type of life.  I am uncertain what it is that links these, but perhaps the narrators'  fear, uncertainty, and continuing effort to figure life out in spite of the knowledge that the effort will inevitably end in failure make them human and part of us.  The Great Gatsby lets us live for a moment in the twenties without engaging in any truly great events, despite the title.  If only there were one of these for every decade."
"I never had to read Gatsby in high school and I'm glad. There's a good chance I would have hated it, unless I had an awesome teacher to bring all out. But I loved this book as an adult. I actually did the Immersion Reading with this one on my Kindle so Jake Gyllenhall narrated it for me as I read along. That was lovely.I had no idea what any of the story was about. I found it all very interesting. There is so much to discuss in terms of excess, wanting what doesn't belong to you, undying hope, love, deception, the trouble that comes with boredom, self sacrifice and tragedy.I think by the end  I wasn't supposed to like any of the characters, (as they were some very shallow people), but you know what? I did like Gatsby... the whole time... all the way to the end. Must be my shallow side coming out.:)"
"This book is one of the all-time greats.  No other book out there fleshes out the pre-World-War-1 era like this one.  Everyone knows the story is about a man who amasses a lot of wealth by various dubious means, solely to please Daisy, a socialite that he has his heart set on.  Daisy had rejected him once before in favour of a social equal, Tom Buchanan.  But poor Gatsby.  No matter how high he rises, he is doomed.  When he takes the blame for a hit-and-run murder committed by Daisy, he is murdered by the victim's husband.  Gatsby is an anti-hero.  His main fault is that he has fallen in love with the wrong girl.  Fitzgerald was very brave to write this book since it took such a blatant shot at the ""American Dream"" and the shallowness of the idle rich.  This book is classic that will endure for a long time."
"What's not to love about this book?  The glitz of New York in the 1920's barely overlays its moral decay.  Our ambiguous narrator, Nick, is repulsed by this at the same time as he is complicit in every event of the story.  The distant and pining figure of Jay Gatsby, who longs for a woman he can never have, represents the belief that money can buy anything and the purposelessness that would occur if a dream were fully realized.  As a near-perfect example of modern literature, Gatsby uses symbolism itself to show that symbols only hold the meanings with which we vest them.  For example, the symbol of the eyes is so haunting because it infuses the story, but has no fixed meaning or context.  As long as this novel remains a beloved classic, America will never fully be able to divorce itself from its past."
"Compared to 20th Century classics penned by the likes of Joyce, Faulkner, and James, the Great Gatsby is a breath of fresh air.  Fitzgerald's prose is flawless, arrestingly beautiful at times.  This may be a quick, easy read (fewer than 200 pages) but don't be fooled - despite its relatively thin binding, there is a lot going on in The Great Gatsby.  This is a complex and tragic novel, ripe with irony.I was surprised to find relatively few reviews posted for this novel (which is widely considered one of the best novels -if not THE best novel- of the 20th Century).  I suspect the fact that the novel is something of a `downer' has thwarted its mass appeal.  The Great Gatsby tells us that you can't recapture the past no matter how hard you try, that dreams and aspirations are doomed to failure, and that the morally bankrupt, self indulgent privileged class will inevitably prevail at the expense of others.Despite its grim message, the Great Gatsby is well worth reading (or re-reading if you were forced to read it in high school).  While it may not be the best novel of the 20th Century, it's still pretty great."
"Many years have passed (alas!) since I read this American classic in college. So, I decided to give myself a treat and reread. Here is some of my marginalia: ""Not a great paragraph. Nice image and flow. Could Gatsby be so successful while being such a clumsy liar? Anti-Semitic image. Great scene. Great chapter. Thought is confused. Another terrific chapter.""  So, what am I saying? Fitzgerald writes with flawless lyricism when the subject is money and society. But when his subject doesn't evoke this lyrical mood, his writing can become choppy while his attitude toward certain types of people becomes superficial and harsh. Regardless, it's amazing the book is nearly eighty years old, since it still conveys what many people probably regard as a contemporary experience. My advice: Read Gatsby again!"
"The Great Gatsby is a true classic, which you will enjoy is you are a fan of books containing love and tragedy.  The book is very well written, and I loved The Great Gatsby because the story held my attention.  The setting  for The Great Gatsby is outside New York City, in the 1920s.  The story is  told by Nick Carraway, who is visiting his cousin Daisy Buchanan and her  husband Tom.  When you read the book, you have something in common with  most of the characters.  At the beginning of the story, no one knows who  Gatsby even is.  That is a mystery everyone is trying to find out, and once  you solve the mystery of Gatsby, you uncover a new mystery. This mystery  includes Gatsby and Daisy Buchanan.  To solve these mysteries, you should  read The Great Gatsby.  F. Scott Fitzgerald did an excelent job with  details.  Everything that is described in the book, you can easily form a  mental picture of; especially such things as Gatsby's house and Mr.  Wilson's Garage.  The Great Gatsby, somewhat, reminds me of Wuthering  Heights by Emily Bronte.  Both Books involve the return of a long lost  love, which was slightly secretive.  Wuthering Heights is a little harder  to follow then the Great Gatsby, but I enjoyed both of them.  I recomend  reading The Great Gatsby if you enjoy books that are exciting, suspensful,  amusing, and tragic.  What more could you ask for in a book."
"As a non-American I am led to ask: so what's all the fuss about? A quick scan of a sample of reviews shows this to have been widely read by school children from the USA. Hence the focus perhaps on its meaning for greater Americana, that love of country through literature, pride and patriotism through a rendering of one of the grossest periods in the history of large decadent societies. I found it a very ordinary novel with thin shallow characters set in a context that countries like the Philippines or Bolivia would be made to wear with shame: corrupt, tarnished, cruel, trashy. Yet because it's the USA we are repeatedly told about the book's accurate depiction of a significant period of history (or words to that effect).Yes, I agree with other reviewers that he could write good descriptive prose. But who can't? (I mean, I hasten to add, among worthy recognised writers.) That alone, great literature does not make. But this thing has Americans seduced, especially their literati. There is no hint that Fitzgerald was an intellectual, or that he delved into very complex areas of personal psychology abutting an overpowering government, economy and social structure. He seems merely to have liked to live, with and without Zelda, the kind of life he almost extolls here.Not enough for me I'm afraid. I only bought the thing because at the fin de siecle it was rated in one of those lists of 20th century literature at #2. Mind you, the judges were all Anglo-Americans and almost all the 100 finalist novels - apart from an odd few like Marquez's 100 Years of Solitude, were from USA or UK.To me it is very ordinary. 3 begrudging stars."
"The Great Gatsby written by F. Scott Fitzgerald takes place during the hot New York summer of 1922. On the surface the book is a romance between two estranged lovers, Gatsby and Daisy, but the heart of the book is a metaphor of the time. The symbolism is directly parallel to the disintegration of the American dream.The book is a wonderful read if you like the spider webs Fitzgerald weaves. The Great Gatsby is full of symbolism related to the time period, and a love story that is nothing short of ridiculous. I thoroughly enjoyed the time I spend reading The Great Gatsby. The book allowed my imagination to play out wonderful scenes with every page. I would recommend this book to anyone who likes to read about undying love, and the lengths some people will go to obtain their dreams."
"I would recommend this book to anyone!  The book came recommended by the WSJ as a good summer read, so I figured ""Why not?"".  I was  supposed to read Gatsby in high school, however, I chose to read Cliffs  Notes instead - big mistake! It is a great read and moves very quickly.I read the book over 2 days during my recent vacation and thoroughly  enjoyed it.  The book brings alive characters that are often so present in  our society and intertwines them in a great story.  Fitzgerald has a great  way with words.  He describes things in such a way that you truly feel like  you can see the person or object he describes.I could say more,  however, I will leave you with this - - Just read the book.  It is less  than 200 pages and is definitely in my Top 10 of books."
"""The Great Gatsby"" is one of those works both blessed and cursed: blessed to have gained literary immortality, cursed to spend much of that immortality as assigned high school reading.  Let's face it: most of us dislike WHATEVER we had to read in high school, regardless of what it was.  When I was a senior, I hated this book.  But, perhaps in an attempt to prove to myself that I really have grown and matured since that time, I recently took up my old copy of the book and started over again.  I must say that not only was I satisfied with the work, but I was BLOWN AWAY!  ""The Great Gatsby"" in my opinion is well worth all the praise which has been thrown onto it over the years.  If you hated it in high school, give it another shot.  Maybe its just one of those books you have to grow into?I'll suspend calling any book the ""Great American Novel"" at least until I've read ""Moby Dick,"" but ""The Great Gatsby"" is certainly a strong contender!"
"Fitzgerald alway struck me as a profound writer who both had the ability to mold rich, vibrant prose in every single line he writes and had a great insight on the social sphere during his time in the 1920s. With every turn of the page you will see that Fitzgerald spent many hours crafting each sentence in his novel. This is by far his most (or one of his most) polished novels, although there would have been more if he did not suffer an untimely death. And the plot of the story has almost become legendary although not surprising due to the popularization of the novel through Leo Dicaprio's big screen production. I highly recommend it not only because it is a classic American novel, but also because one can learn a lot from the insights that Fitzgerald sheds throughout the book."
"This is my all-time FAVORITE book. I was required to read it for my English class in high school. I had seen the movie with Robert Redford, and I thought it was okay. But after finding the way Fitzgerald portrays symbolism and foreshadowing, is just amazing. Also, he spends time on the little things about each character, making his writing exquisite. I read the Fitzgerald was a drunk while he was writing this, but he sure was smart! My English teacher pointed out some amazing things that I would never be able to think of in my whole life! This book is truely amazing, I highly reccomend it for anyone. It isn't a long book, and it is for anyone interested. You will be very happy after you read, and you'll know why people consider it to be the Great American Novel of the century."
"The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald is a must read book.  I give it 4 stars because of the dramatic scenes and situations that Fitzgerald depicts.  The book is an epic love story between Jay Gatsby and the lovely Daisy Buchanan.  Gatsby who lives in a large mansion would throw tremendous parties that he hopes will enable him to win back the insational love of the married Daisy Buchanan.  During this story Gatsby follows his dream of getting Daisy back at any cost......even death of other people or himself as well.  Fitzgerald's strong values and beliefs were clearly presented which is a very entertaining style to read.  One thing I would criticise about this book is that the action of the story does not start until the fourth chapter, which discouraged my interest greatly."
"This is the very first book by F.Scott Fitzgerald that I have read, and it was actually engrossing and interesting. There are parts that seem to move slow, but the author makes up for it with his amazing lyrical writing/description and his great characterization. The way he writes of the character's reactions and emotions seems so realistic, that is what I beleive will make it easy for one to read and get ""into"", so to speak.  Now, yes, Fitzgerald was an alcholic, but that does not mean that he wrote this while being drunk. Quite the contrary; Fitzgerald is known for his notorious revisions - in which 'Gatsby' was revised several times before he was satisfied with it.  I am saying this to basically let the reader know that it is very worth giving it a chance, and even though by the end it may not be ones' ""favorite"" story, however it is a very good introduction into the writings of F. Scott Fitzgerald."
"I again bought copies of ""Gatsby"" at Amazon for my sister, an English teacher in a mission school in the jungle of Peru.  She, like me, experienced this classic in our respective junior years at River View High School with Roberta Ashcraft, our Latin and English teacher. Mrs. Ashcraft was ahead of her time! Oddly, during the several years Sis did not teach at the school while home-schooling her own kids, her previous copies disappeared from the school, so perhaps not everyone agrees with the need to teach this work. You can say what you want, but this is still an example of the ""Great American Novel;"" I still teach part-time as a retired music education professor, and I expect my university students to know any incidental references to characters/situations in this work."
This is a book I keep coming back to and rereading every few years. What a tragic dream! See you in a few more years.
"I enjoyed reading ""The Great Gatsby"" by F. Scott Fitzgerald. It was a book that really kept me interestd in it with its exciting plot. Chasing dreams and lost loves, love affairs, lavish houses, and big parties  make the story exciting. The characters in this novel really draw you into  the story. Some are mysterious, some are cruel, some are kind, but they're  all interesting in their own way. Their obsession with wealth, chasing  after dreams and goals, and wanting to repeat the past gets the characters  into a big mess of problems.  Not only is it a very good story, but it is  also very well written. The book has deeper meanings to it and many  symbolisms that make you really get into what you are reading. You would  also enjoy this book if you like history because it demonstrates what life  was like in the 1920's. The Great Gatsby was a really great book, and I  would recomend for people to read it."
"This book took me by surprise. The first two chapters didn't really get me into the book, and I found myself feeling awkward as I followed a seemingly pointless beginning. But, trust me, it's worth it. The book took off and left me gasping for air. The Great Gatsby is truly a modern day tragedy, and a very well written one at that. As the story progresses, you get drawn into the conflicts and the characters. You feel bad for some characters, feel angry at others, and become all the more attached to the words that Fitzgerald has written. This is a book that, once it takes off, you cannot put down. Not that it's intense, but that it's involving. It's depressing, but amazing at the same time. Truly a masterpiece of literature that everyone should read at least once!"
"The book The Great Gatsby was a wonderful book which told the story about one mans desire to win back the heart of his one true love. That man is Gatsby who is trying to win back Daisy's heart and make her leave Tom.Tom is the one who Daisy married when Gatsby left, so Gatsby reinvented himself and became rich hoping that Daisy would come back. One night Tom and Gatsby got into a fight leaving Daisy scared because she loved them both, she ended up doing something that Gatsby had to take the blame for. This book tells the story of tragic love and loss. I gave this book a 4 stars because I thought that it was a great book and it shows that people will do anything for true love. I would have to recommed this book for people in Middle school and in high school."
"I read this book in the 7th grade and while i couldn't remember that much of the plot, I knew that I enjoyed it a the time.  I wanted to get reacquainted with it before the movie comes out and I'm so glad that I did.  When I was younger, I was so enamored by the lavish, 20's lifestyle that these characters lived- almost as if I was an outsider invited to tag along with them, just like our narrator, Nick.  Reading it now, I have a much more skeptical but mature reaction.  I felt sad for how lonely and stuck all of these characters were in their life choices.  The only person who was able to realize this early on, and know when to say when, was Nick.While ultimately a sad story, I really did enjoy it and happy that I reintroduced myself to Fitzgerald."
"This book is a glimpse into the jazz age and the glamourous parties of that time. The narrator(Nick) is very honest in his evaluations of other characters, which keeps the book fair, showing the good and bad side of all characters including the narrater himself.The story is about a man(Jay Gatsby) whose past is very shady and the source to his wealth is unknown. He throws lavish parties and hope's to see his past love(Daisy) in one of those parties. Daisy is married to a rich man(Tom).The story revolves around these characters with interesting twists keeping the readers guessing as to how will this book end.It is a classic book that underlines the universal fact that do not run after the past, live in the present and create new memories."
"What is there to say about The Great Gatsby that hasn't already been said? I first read it over 30 years ago and loved it from the first reading. I've read it every few years ever since. If I could write like anyone, it would be F. Scott Fitzgerald.The whole package doesn't quite come together in Fitzgerald's other novels, but this book is close to perfect. The language is lovely and lyrical. The ideas are thought-provoking. As I get older, each time I reread it different passages speak to me. The characters are well drawn. The narrator is authentic. This is one of the greatest American novels ever written. It tells an unavoidable melancholy truth.This time I listened to the excellent audio version read by Frank Muller.On a side note: I loved The Great Gatsby movie starring Robert Redford when it came out in 1974. It started my continuing admiration for Sam Waterston. I do not have high hopes for the new version. Whether you see the movie or not, whether you see the movie and like it or dislike it, read the book."
"Jessie, what you said about the book is totally untrue.  I am a junior in highschool who has recently finished reading this book.  I happen to believe that you are older than me and yet, I understood the book better than you.  Why don't you read it a little more carefully next time?  There aren't any unanswered questions.  Gatsby's work is subtely mentioned in the book after Gatsby's death when Nick picks up a phone call that was meant for Gatsby. On page 174, Nick is confused by what the man on the other line wants from Gatsby. ""'Young Parke's in trouble,' he said rapidly. 'They picked him up when he handed the bonds over the counter.'""  It goes on to tell how it actually happened.  If one read closely enough, it is obvious that Gatsby was not a bootlegger, as believed by Tom, but a white collar criminal who created counterfeit bonds.I also do not enjoy seeing comments like ""teenagers don't appreciate books, read it when you grow up,"" because I really liked the book and am sure that many other teenagers appreciate it too."
It's the first time I've revisited this since my high school years. Much of what was lost on me then was much more enjoyable viewed through older eyes. Fantastic!
"This book's rating on Amazon has lowered significantly for the simple reason that generations of high school students have been forced to read it.  Hence the young review below who hysterically complains, ""it could have been shorter.""Simply put, it's not an adolescent's book.  It's a novel about the tail end of youth, not the beginning.  All the characters have reached a point in there lives where the party has begun to die, and find there is little waiting for them in the light of day.  Thus they are perfect metaphors for the Jazz Age, for capitalism and America itself.It's also one of the most stunningly written love stories ever written, conveyed in a completely opaque manner.  Fitzgerald expresses characters' relationships with little more than snapshots, gestures and tones of voice.  The way that Daisy kisses Gatsby while her husband is in the other room.  The way that the Bucahanans talk to each other in the kitchen of their house.  It takes a brilliant writer to use such opacity to his advantage.Fitzgerald basically defined American tragedy with this novel.  The mixture of ambition, romanticism and shame that constitute Gatsby make him perhaps the most archetypal tragic figure since Oedipus.  It's simply a great book and nothing more."
"I enjoyed this book. F. Scott Fitzgerald uses words musically throughout. Gatsby is a troubled man who cannot see past regaining the love he lost years before. He made himself who he wanted to be; who he believes he should have been from the start. It appears that he is  a little shady in his business dealings as well. Gatsby moves across the water from his love (I won't mention her name), there he throws lavish parties in hopes to find someone who knows her, so that he can re-establish his their connection. There are multiple stories that come together in this short novel. Tom is married to Daisy, and is having an affair. Jordan plays the role of Nick's love interest, and facilitator, along with Nick, for Gatsby's pursuit. Nick is the narrator of the tale. All the lives intertwine, and an accident culminates the undoing of them all. It is a sad ending, a sparkling, larger than life personality, who believes beyond the reality that he can pick up where he and his paramour left off and regain the love of his life."
"I had never read Gatsby. The book, despite its fame and its hallowed place in American literature, had never beckoned.When I finally made my way to it (admittedly in the buzz about the latest Hollywood 2013 take on the novel) I wasn't sure what to expect.Would it be dated, locked somewhere back in the languid Twenties, between wars, in a frivolous America? Would the language feel laboured, laced with the kind of self-conscious methaphors that hit the page with a thud?What I found was a story as spare as the book is thin.Nick Carraway drifts through the novel on the gauzy cloud that surrounds his wealthy and enigmatic neighbour.Gatsby hides in plain sight, visible to all, knowable to none.Not the least of whom is the reader.What do we know at the end?Is Gatsby's ""love"" for Daisy real?Does Nick's fascination with this mystery man spring from admiration, curiosity or jealousy?How are we to be made to care about any of these shallow-lived people?"
"This book reads with deceptive simplicity, light and frothy, but in reality it's beautifully crafted. As another reviewer mentioned, it is even better to read later in life, even if you read it back in school, it will 'land' differently now.The story is timeless and very American. The self created master of the universe, still looking out and coveting from his gilded perch.We live in a world full of greedy strivers and wannabes, grasping for success at all costs and often achieving it; who create their identities out of whole cloth, and who we then look up to admiringly, unaware of any seedy backstory.This book is as contemporary now as it was almost 90 years ago when it was written, and probably will continue to be, so long as humans continue to be the greedy schemers they have been to date!And it is written so beautifully. Fitzgerald would be enjoying his renaissance and he deserves it, as his own life was as full of tragedy as it was glitter and praise."
"Told from the point of view of Nick Carraway, The Great Gatsby is the story of Jay Gatsby's doomed obsession with Daisy Buchanan, a wealthy, married woman who had been his lover before the war.I rather liked the details that made the Jazz Age really come alive in this book. And I absolutely loved the perspective character, Nick; Fitzgerald sets up at the very beginning that Nick is an observant character who is careful with his judgement and remains true to this characterization throughout the story.However, I gave it just four stars because it took quite a while for me to get into the story, which isn't very long to begin with (my copy is only 115 pages). But I did enjoy it and was impressed that such a charismatic story could be told in just over a hundred pages. Nick Carraway alone is enough to make me want to reread this book; I just loved his personality and his perceptiveness.Plus, the ending came as a surprise to me. I won't give it away, but it's definitely an unexpected twist"
"the great gatsby is one of the greatest book i ever read. Everything is nearly perfect: the plotting, the setting and above all the language a masterpiece!"
"Jay Gatsby is this rich, mysterious man who throws infamous parties on Long Island during the 1920's. He appears to have everything he wants but what he really wants, is Daisy Buchanan. Daisy slipped through his fingers once before, and now she lives just across from his mansion with her husband, Tom. When Nick Caraway rents a home nearby, Gatsby accepts him into his circle with the hopes of luring Daisy back to him. For you see, Daisy is Nick's cousin.Oh, to be rich and young in the 1920's! At its core, this is a love story and has been called one of the greatest American novels of our time and I can certainly see why. It's gorgeously done and Gatsby is a character that stays with you, long after finishing the novel. He's complex and just mysterious enough for you to understand everyone's infatuation with him. Everyone except Daisy who continually reminds him of what he used to be.The Great Gatsby is a beautifully rendered masterpiece and should be read and enjoyed by many."
"Yes, this is a classic, but not everyone was required to read it in school.  I wish I had been, since I would have discovered a wonderful, heart-wrenching, beautifully written novel much sooner than now, when I am  in my late twenties.  This book made me feel so much emotion, and every  word Fitzgerald uses is brilliantly perfect.  The story is very compelling  as well, and it drew me in so much that I did not put it down on the second  day I read it (the beginning drags just a tiny bit--keep reading! ) for a  full eight hours until I finished it.  If you have never read it thus far,  DO...for the women, it has a touching, tear-jerking love story, and for  men, all the violence and egotism you've come to expect from a good read.  EVERYONE should read this excellent piece of literature."
"Its written with high detail and low action. Fitzgerald's now classic piece of life in the 20's set in New York, Long Island. I cant think of a more moving book than this one, however, I had realized that I felt more  when I was done with book. When I had a chance to see the story as a whole  that the emotions began to set in. Truly wonderful writing that is top  notch among any of the writers I have read. His reading does not  ""talk"" over you, but rather with you. Which is what makes the  story attractive. Although many people complain about being forced to read  it for school, its probably best read on your own time without  constrictions. The story of Jay Gatzby, party man, millionaire, mansion  owner. Everyone knows Jay. But who really knows him? Highly reccomended!"
I just finished reading this book for honors english class and i actually enjoyed it. I didn't know what to expect so i was really surpised at how good the writing is. I agree with the reviewer who said the genius of this book is not just the story but the meanings hidden within the text. It really is extraordinary writing. You could analyze almost every sentence in this book and find a hidden or alternate meaning. The story wasn't edge of your seat action but it was still very interesting. The book really makes you think Fitzgerald was far ahead of his time. It's a book that deserves its place as one of the greatest American fiction books of all time. I would definitely recommend it to any one interested in reading a book that makes you think a little.
"The Great Gatsby's neighbor Nick Carraway narrates this story set in 1920s Long Island.  It's the tale of the  young and very lovely Daisy Buchanan who marries very rich Tom. They go on to have a very lovely life, well, except for the small detail that Daisy is in love with Gatsby, and he with her.When Gatsby and Daisy met five years before the novel begins, he isn't very rich.  By the time he shows up in the mansion across the sound from Daisy, however, that problem has been taken care of.  Gatsby has been remade.What happens next is the reason this book is so well loved.  I mean, who didn't have ""The Great Gatsby"" assigned to them during high school and college.  Okay, well, I didn't.  Glad to have finally had the opportunity to read it."
"Set in the 1920s, this now-classic-piece of literature has more than stood the test of time.  Fitzgerald has so perfectly captured the era between WWI and the Great Depression, that it is forever engraved in our minds--the colors, sights, sounds, and even moral forays of the time.  And all of this melds wonderfully with Fitzgerald's characters; the way carry on with reckless abandon.  But don't think that Fitzgerald is preachy.  No, he simply presents the material and lets you decided what kind of karma, if any, should be passed around.  The beauty of this book lies in its simplicity (seeming) and execution.  This is a keeper. Also very much enjoyed ""The Scarlet Letter, Bark of the Dogwood, Of Mice and Men, and Catch 22."""
"I've just reread THE GREAT GATSBY for the first time since high school. It's amazing we had to read it in high school. How could a teenager understand all this stuff about adultery and materialism? I remember my eleventh grade teacher said that F. Scott Fitzgerald, ""wasn't a first rate writer, but he was a very good second rate writer."" Even in eleventh grade, I found that horrific. Why labor at all to write a book in the first place, pouring all your life blood into writing what would become a 20th century classic, just to have some high school English teacher dub you ""a very good second rate writer""?In my English teacher's defense, we were a very trying class. She was trying to get us to elucidate the symbolic meaning in the scene where Jay Gatsby stands on his dock and stares at the green light across the water. She said, ""The dock scene . . . what comes to your mind?"" The jocks who sat in the back of the class yelled, ""Hickory Dickory Dock."" The poor woman literally banged her head into the brick wall of our classroom.Rereading THE GREAT GATSBY all these years later, I am struck with how fresh and utterly relevant it is. In essence, it isn't dated at all. What happened in West Egg in the Long Island Sound in 1923 could just as well have happened in Silicon Valley in the Dot Com Nineties. There are many Jay Gatsbys. Fitzgerald created an essential American archetype with Jay Gatz, the boy from North Dakota who wanted to reinvent himself and turn himself into something grand, based on the dreams he had for his life when he was 17. We catch a poignant glimpse of him as a thirty-year-old man who woos and impresses his long lost love with his swank mansion and his English tailored shirts. All glitter and glamour, the most important thing is that gaudy surface and facade that dazzles the eye. It says a lot about our culture, about the quintessential American dream."
"The Great Gatsby is an important book, make no mistake.  It is also the finest novel of a very fine novelist. At a time when America was just beginning to realise that it was as susceptible to corruption, greed and  self-delusion as every other country on the planet, Fitzgerald wrote a book  that really does capture the moment a nation founded on ideals realises  that ideals are hard to live by.Gatsby, the central anti-character, is  a mere shadow, a man who reinvents himself to win the heart of the girl he  think he loves.  The foundations of this infatuation and subsequent  reinvention are rotten and the result must be rotten too. Fitzgerald writes  beautifully, his words tinged with the sadness and quiet desperation that  flavours the whole novel, and his characters all seem to sense that their  lives are built on precarious ideas about success, happiness and love.The Great Gatsby is a very honest and acute portrayal of a nation built  on the misbegotten assumption that you can be whoever you want to be, and  the consequences that that belief holds. More importantly it is a brilliant  and moving novel."
"I recall one of my friends complaining about our English course cirriculum and its obstinate emphasis on mediocre American Literature. Upon finishing ""Gatsby"" this semester, he said it was the first book by an American author he found to be unequivocally beautiful. Fitzgerald, in his classic novel about Nick Carraway, Jay Gatsby, and the American Dream, not only delivers a message with which every American can identify, but writes with such an amazing lyricallity that at times I simply had to stop reading to visualize the beautiful descriptions he gives in the novel. This book is a classic; a must have for anyone who was not fortunate enough to read it while still in school, but even those who did should own a copy."
"I probably would never have picked up the Great Gatsby at my own accord, but thankfully I was required to read it for school.  The Great Gatsby is one of my favorite books now.  Its short, but full of substance.  I like  that it moves quickly when reading and how human the characters of Gatsby,  Daisy, and Nick all seem.  The reader can connect with these characters and  I think Fitzgerald did a wonderful job on creating this novel.  It is about  the great American dream, so I like it even better. However, Fitzgerald  does an expected twist at the end which makes the book even more effective.  I really like this book, I strongly recommend this to anyone who likes a  little bit of reality, humor, and a great American story."
"I gave Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby a shot recently outside of school. There are both things I love about the book and things that I found a little tedious. On the positive side, I enjoyed the social insight, the lyricism, the story in general. Fitzgerald was truly blessed with the gift of words, and the use of imagery gives this classic much staying value. It is just so real it comes alive in your head. The story of Jay Gatsby, who has grown wealthy (on the shady side of the law as it turns out) and his love for Daisy Buchanan is still affecting today. I disliked how it took a while for the story to get really moving, it was a little tedious sometimes. But don't let that spoil it for you. Read this book."
"As a crime fiction author with my first novel in its initial release, I must confess to my unabashed admiration for THE GREAT GATSBY.  If it isn't the finest novel ever written (which I've been known to argue it is) or the finest American novel (which again I've been known to argue it is) or the finest Twentieth Century novel (which, you know the drill), it is the finest crime novel ever written.  I read this book annually.  Many other crime fiction writers do the same.  THE GREAT GATSBY is perfectly constructed, with ambiguities within enigmas, as it recounts the Jazz Age, capturing that era's ambience splendidly.  It is a crime novel, yet, as with the best crime novels, crime does not dominate the entire book.  At one level, it is the story of a poor boy who dreams of becoming rich and marrying an American golden girl.  On another level, it is the story of the American upper crust personified by that golden girl and her polo playing husband.  On still another level, it is the story of a young Midwestern gentleman who matures into genuine manhood one summer amid the parties and social events of East and West Eggs in Long Island.  It is the Tale of America.  No one has told it better than F. Scott Fitzgerald, either before or since.  Ever."
"This is a review of the CD audiobook version of the book, narrated by Tim Robbins. As there are many reviews of and serious literary analyses of Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby, many much better than this review can hope to accomplish, he will waste the reader's time attempting to review the book but will instead review this specific CD audiobook version of the book.The audiobook is well read. It is filled with pathos, always interesting, never monotone and always manages to keep the listener's attention. Perfect for long trips, the ultimate test for an audiobook. Plus this version of the audiobook contains some letters of Fitzgerald's. These shed light on Fitzgerald's views of the world during the roaring 1920s, his relationship with this publisher and his views regarding various aspects of the publishing aspect of this book (along with some of his others) and his views on literary figures and the literary world of his times, among other things. A nice supplement to the book itself."
"The first time I read this book I was a sophomore in highschool and I had no choice about it.  I read the book and didn't enjoy it and felt many of the same emotions as the other kid who read it and said it was predictible and annoying.  I breezed throught the book, often skimming, and was done, and dissapointed.Fast forward to the present day.  I had been thinking about how The Great Gatsby is considered a classic, and how i didnt enjoy it at all. I decicded to read it again, carefully trying to asorb some meaning.And I found it.This book is really profound, a great work.  The characters all fit together so well, and the story just takes you back to another time.If you are 14-18 years old, and just read this book to read it you wil not enjoy it.  I think I just wans't mature enough to appreciate this work before.  Don't judge this book by the first time you read it.  Take the time to read it again and think about it; you will love it.A good analogy is how a diamond in the rough just looks like glass on the beach, sanded and hidden in a fog.  Only when the diamond has been processed is its value apparent, and only when you take the time to process a book of this magnitude is it's value appreciable."
"Prior to reading this, I had heard so much about how The Great Gatsby is this great, classic all-time novel, and after reading it, I am left wondering what am I missing?  I didn’t find anything particularly exceptional about it, and I don’t see why it’s so great.  Not to say this is a bad novel, I just don’t find it extraordinary.  The plot is pretty pedestrian.  Gatsby has attained wealth through illegal means, makes his moves on the love of his life who married a tyrant for money, bad things happen, which ultimately lead to Gatsby’s demise.  Reading further about the novel, it is supposed to be a great representation of the excesses of the time.  Maybe so, but it’s not much better or more representative than a dozen things I have watched or read about the twenties.  Gatsby is good as a character, but many of the other characters, especially Daisy leave me ambivalent.  This was a decent novel, but the greatness of it is overstated.Carl Alves – author of Reconquest: Mother Earth"
"I didn't think I was going to like this book (too much hype, too many people talking about it all the time). However, it quickly escalated into one of my favorite novels! I loved the style, the imagery, the characters. Everything. Even the end. The book never lagged, it never felt forced, and it never failed to keep me fully engrossed. Highly recommend this, and try not to think about any of the hype that constantly surrounds this book (much like it did Gatsby himself...)The most common complaint I hear about this book is that the characters are too shallow, self-involved, etc.  They definitely are, however using the narrative style of having an outside observer tell the reader about the characters, the lifestyles, and the events is perfect.  The observer is not particularly shallow or self-centered, he is more like an anthropologist observing an unfamiliar culture; he is not condoning or condemning, he is learning.  It's fascinating, and brilliantly executed."
"what makes this book so great?it is what fitzgerald is able to do with the story and the characters in such a short book. the story deals with love of daisy and the love of money. the winner is money. the 4 main characters are fully drawn. the relationship of tom and daisy could not be more clearly portrayed in so few words. the only  mystery is the way gatsby makes his money. it seems to be on the fringe of being illegal. but what motivates gatsby, love and money, are obsessions. he literally dies pursuing them. although he has both, he needs more. he wants to have the power and prestige of long term money and gazes forlornly at the green light of the east egg. he also has the love of daisy, but it must be pure and she can't have ever loved tom. when daisy's world crashes about her, she runs not to her lover, gatsby, but the power, influence, and safety of tom.great introduction to classic literature! the ironies of the ending bring a smile to your face."
"The Great Gatsby is the story of a man who, in a fairy tale manner, went from rags to riches, just in time for the roaring twenties to begin. This story explores his newly found riches and contemplates the still controversial question, ""What truly makes a person happy and successful?""This book drew me into a time and place I had never experienced before; the center of rich, lavish, 1920's New York City. I was given a close look at the lifestyles of the rich and famous. Thought it was written 80 years ago, I realized I could relate to the characters--their lifestyles and personalities are still applicable to life in America today. This book speaks to the reader, allowing them to feel the same emotions the narrarator is feeling, experience the same events the narrarator is. The descriptions made me feel as if I were there, in the midst of the wild New York City life. The Great Gatsby is a different, ingenius, dramatic tale sure to appeal to most anyone."
"Fitzgerald captured one of the great truths of American life:  that a person can ""reinvent"" themselves.  We are not bound by our accidents of birth.  He also captured one of the sad truths:  too many people spend their lives chasing an illusion.  In Gatsby's case, it was the illuions of the happiness that comes from being in the ""moneyed"" class.  If Fitzgerald were writing today, I would bet that Gatsby would be chasing celebrity culture, equally pointless and equally seductive to so many.  The developing friendship between Nick and Gatsby is interesting to watch, as Gatsby at first tries to ingratiate himself with his money, and then realizes he doesn't have to and finally opens up to have a real friend.  When Nick informs Gatsby that he is worth the lot of the rich put together, it is a culmination of something real, not the illusion.  The book captuers the roaring 20's well, but can also translate easily into our time.  It is justifiably considered a classic."
"This remarkable book is one of the chief reasons I am such  an avid reader of classic fiction. The reasons for this novel's greatness are unexplainable and somewhat mysterious to me. i.e., I have no idea why I  love it so much, but I do!  With this masterpiece, I believe that  Fitzgerald has captured some unknown and unpracticed form of writing that  is seldom equalled. With a style all his own, he took an ordinary, everyday  setting and plot, with your average ""next door"" characters, and  created something exceeding extraordinary.  Nick, the narrator, has a  refreshing, honest way of letting the reader know exactly how Gatsby's  story played out, at the same time bringing us, somewhat, into his own  life.  I found myself sympathizing with Gatsby, and his love for Daisy,  as I would with a member of my own family, and even having feelings that  weren't present in the book, but that a man in Gatsby's situation would  likely have.  It is easy to see, however, how one could misunderstand  the book, and have a low opinion of it. There are a number of time-line and  grammatical errors, but if it is read for what it is, it will be a  cherished classic forever."
"""He's sayin' that the past is always with us. And where we come from, what we go through, how we go through it, all that s*** matters. I mean, that's what I thought he meant. Like at the end of the book, you know? Boats and tides and all. It's like you can change up, right? You can say you somebody new, you can give yourself a new story, but what came first is who you really are, and what happened before is what really happened. And it don't matter that some fool say he different 'cause the only thing that can make you different is what you really do or what you really go through. Like, you know, like all them books in his library. Now, he frontin' with all them books, but if we pull one down off the shelf, and none of the pages ever been opened. He got all them books and he ain't read near one of 'em. Gatsby, he was who he was and he did what he did and 'cause he wasn't ready to get real with the story, that s*** caught up to him. I think, anyway."
"Ah...  The roaring 20s.  A time of splendor, illegal drinking, and scandelous dealings.  This work takes the reader back to the great era of pre-depression years.  The advertising knowledge Fitzgerald portrays in this novel is represented in his imagery of the opthomologist billboard.  Unbeknownced to many, F. Scott was showing the negative impace of advertising on society.  Notice the crime and pain caused by the eyes of the billboard.  Perhaps without commercials, we would be a much greater nation.  The eyes represented a big brother captalistic attitude surrounding the commercialism with that society.Pay close attention to the symbolism in this work.  Thousands of high school students read this each year, oblivious to Fitzgerald's dreary prediction to a marketing society.  Sadly, it is these young men and women who make it possible for Britany Spears to sell Pepsi...Commercialism and Fitzgerald make a great paper topic.  I ought to know."
"This is the fourth time that I have read The Great Gatsby and it never fails to leave me breathless and just a little sad.  Every time I flip the last page, I find that the hatred for Tom and repulsion to Daisy are still there.  And what's more, I have to admit that I find myself torn between hating Gatsby for his ignorance but also feeling sorry for him because of it.  I dare say that as I get older these feelings become stronger and more conflicted with each reading.In any case, I was reading the book again in order to brush up on the details in expectation of the new movie.  While Leonardo DiCaprio is no Robert Redford I am still eagerly anticipating this new adaptation."
I'm so glad I decided to re-read this book. I originally read it in High School and I remember thinking it was just okay. I decided to re-read it because I knew I would be seeing the new movie and I wanted a fresh perspective. I think my experience in High School was so overwrought with analyzing every aspect of the book that I missed out on actually enjoying this incredible novel. I purchased a copy for my kindle in April and have read it three times already. What a difference it makes to read a book with abandon and no analyzing! I absolutely adore this book now.  I also purchased a hard cover version from a UK seller and it's the perfect addition to my book shelf.
"This book is written superbly.  Fitzgerald does an amazing job of creating the feeling for his reader of being there with his characters.  The characters themselves are purposely soulless people who have chosen to chase after the emptiest form of the American Dream, capturing its trappings without any of its sense of accomplishment.  The characters and story are gradually exposed as you make your way through the story, learning who the characters are and how they became the way they are.Long after you finish the novel, you still feel transported to another time and place when you think about it.  A wonderful American tragedy.  Highly recommended."
"The Great Gatsby is now 87 years old and still feels fresh, edgy, modern, and still has something fundamental to say about the American experience. The writing is stunningly beautiful and whole paragraphs deserve to be savored again and again. Yet the story is bluntly sad and tragic. It's a story about chasing after elusive dreams -- once you seem to have reached these them, they evaporate. Fitzgerald packs a lot of punch, style, and tragedy into less than 200 pages. I loved traveling back to New York in the 1920s and spending some time peering into these character's lives. I also just loved reading the words of an absolutely brilliant writer."
"I bought this book because of all the movie hype. It was a thoroughly entertaining book. I was just a little disappointed that there was not more mystery, drama and intrigue as the movie trailers suggest. It should make for a great movie because of the visual attraction from the roaring 20's. I did expect more from the book though as it is a classic. I had to go to the cliff notes to see if I was missing something. They said it was a social commentary and a great work of American fiction about the decline of the 20's and social issues, and a cross section if American society. Ok - so there you go...it was a very quick read in just a few days."
"Great book, awful format. At least once a page it randomly says "" The Great Gatsby"" and once Every two pages its will say ""Free ebooks at Planet eBook.com"". The latter shows up in the middle of sentences and really ruins the reading experience. I would NOT buy this kindle book from this seller. I cannot believe they put advertisements in the middle of a book I paid for."
"Lately I have been having a hard time finding good contemporary fictions, so I decided to re read notable books instead.  This is my 3rd time reading this book and this time, the beautiful matery of prose was what impressed me.  His prose is so pure, polished, smooth and poignant, as expressed in the famous last sentence, ""So we beat on, boats agaisnt the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past"".  The book leaves you with almost physical sensation of despair and the awe of beauty at the same time, and I believe that  a book that can generate both cerebral and visceral reactions in readers shows the power of good literature."
"Having previously dismissed the GG as a pleasant but inconsequential and overrated book , without, of course, having read more than the beginning), I now take it all back. It is beautifully written, with a delicate, light, captivating and enchanting touch, much like Daisey's laugh. Hemmingway's remark that Fitzgerald wrote like the gossimer wings of a butterfly is completely accurate. Even the gritty and morally dissolute segments which provide a balance to the unreality of the upper class dream world of Gatsby, Daisy, and Tom are rendered vividly but lightly. The meaning of the novel is multifaceted as all truely great books are. Enjoy!"
"It took far too long to find out that nothing really interesting was going to happen in this book, and so I was too close to finishing by then to stop reading it. From a writing standpoint, it's rather brilliant and easy to see why it's considered to be a classic, but that doesn't make it entertaining. The glimpse into the time in the 1920s was definitely well-captured, but that alone wasn't enough to make me truly like the book. It's fortunate it's so short, or else I wouldn't have finished it. As it is, I don't regret doing so, but I also cannot recommend it, unless one is simply looking for a look at life at that time in history."
"That quote sums up the book for me.I don't think I would have appreciated this book as a young person. Now, however, I understand the folly of chasing castles in the sky. In Gatsby you see a man who could have done so much but wasted his precious life chasing an illusion. Daisy embodied everything he thought he wanted: beauty, wealth, and a name. Yet we see (and I don't think Gatsby ever understood) that it was all a mirage. For all of their wealth and breeding, Daisy and Tom were vapid, shallow, cruel people who deserved each other.Anyone unfortunate enough to enter their sphere would be crushed and cast aside."
"Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby is one of America's greatest literary achievements.  This ranks on any short list of the greatest novels of the century.  The tragic tale of Jay Gatsby is a character study, with every chapter a different facet of a manufactured persona.  Gatsby never comes into complete focus, but that, oddly, is one of the strengths of the book.  And Gatsby's love for his prewar flame Daisy rings true (a love she doesn't deserve).  The other characters also are striking and brilliant.  The plot too is poignant and tragic.  And Fitzgerald's style and voice fit the story perfectly.  Highly recommended."
"This is one of my favorite books of all time.  It's not only a fun read and an interesting portrayal of the ""Jazz Age.""  Jay Gatsby provides a look at the dark side of the American legend.  In a society that prides itself on people's ability to be self-made, Jay Gatsby could have had everything going for him... but Gatsby, in his constant striving and reinvention, lost track of himself.  And the ""beautiful people"" around him were shallow, vapid and uncaring.  In The Great Gatsby, Fitzgerald provides a chilling look at life wrapped up in an fluid novel.  It's one of the really great works of American literature!"
"How can you define classics in a literature of a nation who was born a bit more than two hundred years ago? A tale like TGG could be the right answer. Even if I have found the track a bit boring, it is the most representative subject that can be defined American epics. But what I really appreciate about Fitzgerald is his style of writing, the best I have ever met in American and English literature, which also retains its meaningful form (but in that case I have to pay much credit to the translator) in the Italian version. The final short digression about the green light is one of the most often seen quotations."
"I read this book because I'm trying to read a lot of the classics on the various ""Top 100"" book lists floating around out there.  This book is on most of the lists so I added it to my list of books to read.  Having never seen a movie adaptation either, I knew absolutely nothing about the story before I read it.  I recognize that this book is beautifully written.  I was amazed at the way Fitzgerald created art with words.  However, the story itself did nothing for me.  I realize that it was a story about shallow people living shallow lives but I finished it with the thought ""Is that all there is?""  I wanted somebody to get some comeuppence or something.  I'll rate it a four for the art of the words alone."
"The thing about many American novelists, such as Hemingway and Fitzgerald, is that you either love them or hate them. Gatsby is one of few books that I will read over and over again. It is a classic for a reason. There are many aspects about Gatsby that ring true in today's world. People are still entitled, self-absorbed, and live an excess of life. Fitzgerald describes this falsity or a lack of reality within what is truly real, and his characters, like Tom and Daisy, are deplorable. His words are poetic, and visceral, and not many authors can write with such passion. This is Fitzgerald's magnum opus."
"I like books that explore human character and personalities.  What a view into the life of a selfish, egotistical woman who didn't ever know or recognize her own flaws.  Poor Gatsby.  He was also a prisoner of his own making forever loving the wrong woman who was probably incapable of loving anyone but herself.  We also get a look into the character of the narrator of the story.  What a good touch to put the big eyes watching it all unfold.  We can understand how this author is considered one of the greats.  He makes us feel as if we know his characters and makes us want to shake some sense into them."
"I forgot to mention as well that the ""tangents"" that Nick went on weren't tangents.  They represent important things in the book.  Weather and time are very important symbols.  Weather, especially when Daisy, Jordan, Tom and Nick went to the Plaza Hotel, represented tempers flaring as the heat got more intense.  Time represented Gatsby trying to change the past. F. Scott Fitzgerald doesn't just waste space by writing about unimportant things;everything he writes has a meaning. Next time when you read a book, please don't comment on it unless you read it correctly.  Don't appear foolish."
"I reread this recently and loved it so much more than when I had to read it in high school. Fitzgerald's humor is so much more subtle than most humor writer's today and the funny lines are tucked between such beautifully crafted prose. The story is so simple - basically just describes a few parties at a mysterious Gatsby's mansion - but the humor and just enough foreshadowing keep you wanting to move forward. His observations of the young rich would fit in almost perfectly today. Inspired me to get back to writing my own book!By Jaimal Yogis, author of Saltwater Buddha"
"I reread this recently and loved it so much more than when I had to read it in high school. Fitzgerald's humor is so much more subtle than most humor writer's today and the funny lines are tucked between such beautifully crafted prose. The story is so simple - basically just describes a few parties at a mysterious Gatsby's mansion - but the humor and just enough foreshadowing keep you wanting to move forward. His observations of the young rich would fit in almost perfectly today. Inspired me to get back to writing my own book!By Jaimal Yogis, author of Saltwater Buddha"
"I love this book.  On one level, it is a burning love story about obsession, yearning, and unrequited love, but on another level, this book is an interesting look at life in the Roaring Twenties.  I love the vivid character discriptions, symbolism, and vocabulary.  Come on, the green light at the end of Daisy's dock... Doctor JT Eckelberg's eyes looking down about man... supercilious and vaccuous... ha... it's a classic.  Love it and reread it every few years.  Also, this edition has notes in the back that explain some names and history (such as Gatz being slang for gun, etc.)  very helpful"
"I read this back in high school, but I don't remember it having the impact on me that it had on me now.This has to be one of the best books I've ever read.Gatsby is America. He comes from poor stock, people to whom he is only loosely connected. Gatsby is a self-made man, but don't look too closely at how he made his fortune. Gatsby is fascinated by the beautiful, the rich, the flashy, and his goal in life becomes to be part of that world. At his core, Gatsby is deeply lonely and has no one with whom he can share his vision and his dreams. All around him disappoint him in the end."
"If the customer-reviewers of Amazon.com are guilty of anything, it is overrating books. I cannot believe how many people are giving Gatsby 3 or 4 stars--or even less. That's an absolute outrage! Whereas many novels written by cooks, architects, and other amateurs garner largely 5 star ratings??? And one reviewer even criticized Fitzgerald's writing style??? Are you kidding? Gatsby is the enduring American work of the 20th century--despite its limited Jazz Age milieu--and is the standard to which modern novels should be compared. My vote is for 5 stars. I would give it 10 if I could."
"Dreams are dangerousThey make you see green lightson distant docks that fade in the fog of realityThey make you believe that -Old Sport,of course you can change the past.They keep you asleep through thedangerous night when you should be alertand while they may make you better thanall of the rest of that dreamless crowd,they will leave you alone in a cold poolon a chilly morning to face the consequencesto stare at the man with the gununblinkingand take your punishment for havingdreamed too muchtoo longold sport."
"I didn't know what to expect when I picked up this book.  I really only knew the name and when the story was set.  Once I started reading, I couldn't put it down.Telling the story from the chosen POV seems hard to pull off, but Fitzgerald did it with ease.  The characters have depth and the scenes flow easily from one to the next.  I was impressed at how much secondary plot he was able to include in such a short work.I can see now why this story is often studied.  There is plenty to learn from the story itself, and  much to learn about writing, too."
"i read this book for english 10, and i gotta say, it immediately became one of my favorites. it's one of the only ""great american classics"" i've ever read and actually loved. the story was so relevant  and the characters were so real, and the descriptions were amazing. i  really understood the book (thanks in part to my teacher who loves it to  death and was good enough to explain every little thing in detail) and it  was very accurate. i could go on and on but i'mnot the best review writer,  so i'll leave it at this: read this book, you will not regret it."
"Even a jealous Ernest Hemingway had to concede that ""The Great Gatsby"" is a gem. Re-reading this book nearly 100 years after it was written, I realize that no one else has better captured the essence of 20th Century America, nor described it as eloquently. Not a single word is wasted in this work. The last lines are an amazing summation of not just this novel, but of human existence (they are engraved on Fitzgerald's tombstone). ""Huckleberry Finn"" and ""The Invisible Man"" are the only books about America that are even in the same league as ""Gatsby,"" but they are not as brilliantly conceived and executed."
I had to read this in high school and wasn't impressed although I always remembered it. In preparation for the movie I re-read it and was able to get it this time. The movie with Leonardo DiCaprio as Gatsby was really good. He makes a perfect Gatsby although I didn't think the woman who played Daisy was any good. She was rather bland in appearance and action and you have to imagine a Daisy that kept Gatsby enthralled over the years it took him to make his way and his fortune and bring him back into her orbit. But this Kindle version was fairly well edited.
"As Hunter Thompson said about this book, read it and see ""how the big boys write."" Fitzgerald had a tragic sense of the world that is always there behind the money and bright surfaces of his characters. His ability to convey this melancholy is nearly supernatural. What more can be said about this book? This is the writing of one of the greatest writers that ever lived. His talent was so great, not even his self-destructive nature could dim the light. His Jay Gatsby is still so classically American, and this novel is one for the space capsule."
The book did not come in hardcover as requested/ordered and the cover did not even match the item pictured.
"At the end of this novel, I finally understood why it is considered a piece of classic literature. Fitzgerald vividly depicts the gildedness of the Jazz Age without being obvious. Several plots are intertwined at once, offering an intriguing complexity that keeps your interest without confusing you. Nick's omniscient narration offers the reader a unique perspective on the corruption of high society, considering he is not a part of it. The poignancy of the story doesn't hit you until the end, but the ride on the way there is wonderful."
"F.Scott Fitzgerald is a master wordsmith.  HIis descriptive capabilities are unsurpassed, and his character development is excellent.  Then comes the story he tells in such a way as to shed light on the era, bringing into full view the distinctive disparities between the extremely wealthy and the laboring class.  For those who prefer pretty little happy endings, this book is not for you.  Otherwise, do yourself a favor and read this American classic.  And, if you read the book years ago, do as I did, read it again.  You wont be sorry."
"I think I read this in high school but didn't remember it at all. With the new movie coming out I felt it was appropriate to read it first since it is a classic. The story is a simple one we know well - a tragic love triangle (but more like a love octagon) but we see everything through the eyes of Nick Carraway, who is just a witness to it all like us. Just like we are fascinated by rich, famous people, Nick is fascinated by Jay Gatsby and we get brought into his world. Definitely liking forward to the movie and then re-reading it!"
"This is positively the best book I have ever read in my life.  I was assigned this book to read during my junior year in high school, and although I read it on a schedule due to the tests, I looked forward to  reading it everyday, and I loved discussing the book.  This is such a great  book about romanticism, how Gatsby would stoop to gaining riches from  bootlegging, to impress the woman of his dreams~Daisy Buchanan.  Tragic  ending, especially with the funeral, but it's still the best book  Fitzgerald ever wrote, hands down."
"Told from the point of view of an not always unbiased narrator, this novel captures the essence of the 20's as well as an earlyview of the divide in our country.  Aside from the social aspects, it also tries to show the individual's responsibilities incontributing to that society and the failure of many of taking responsibility for anything other than personal needs.It is easy to see why this book is often used in literature classes and I would recommend it to serious readers."
"This why Fitzgerald is read today, this one book. The Crack-Up is devastingly insightful and an incredible work for its time; the Letters are the second best thing he did; but this one book is why F. Scott Fitzgerald is remembered today. He hauled a lovelorn man out of oblivion and into eternity... The prose is equal to Keats. Anna Karenina: a woman commits adultry. Madame Bovary: a woman commits adultry. The Great Gatsby: a man tries to recreate young love... The Tragedy of Tragedies: Everyday Life."
"This has and always will be one of my favorite books of all time. I fell in love with it the first time I read it in high school and have read it four or five times since then. I disagree that young people cannot relate, in only 20 now and I find it fascinating.I think you do need some level of higher intelligence to appreciate this book. There is a lot of symbolism and that makes the book just that much greater. And who could forget the imagery of the eyes of Dr. T.J. Eckelberg. Fantastic!"
"I am a 17 year old high school student and I just read the Great Gatsby this year for my English class. I expected it to be just like every other ""classic"" novel, full of stogy prose and dated language. Instead what I found was a thorougly ""modern"" book, in every way. The descriptions, the characters, the situations, all seemed to be latent in society today. It made me want to be alive in the 1920's, a time of unmeasurable prosperity and creative talent."
"Hands down - the greatest piece of fiction I have ever read (and I am not a big reader of fiction). What do I love about Gatsby? 1) It is such a tight story, what a masterpiece in writing! 2) The first couple of sentences. 3) The last paragraphs -- I read them often. Some of the most beautiful words I have ever read. Don't we all have a green light?As for the person who said we should make kids read this -- I disagree. Often we don't understand the meaning of something when we learn it. This does not mean we should not engage with it. If we followed the logic behind the notion of staying away from things we don't understand, we would never learn anything."
"Like most of its current readers, I was exposed to ""The Great Gatsby"" through high school and college cirruculum and was impressed by both the way that it distinctly and vividly portrayed a certain time and place while still offering a timeless take on love, loss, hope, and human nature. It is a powerful story and one that stays with the reader long after the last page is turned. It deserves the praise it receives from academics and general readers alike for managing to seem highly relevant when it is read even in today's world, as the themes it touches on, universal and yet uniquely American, resonate as much today as they did when the book was first published."
"If you could pick any type of book, what kind of book would you like to read?  Great Gatsby is a book that I would highly recommend to others.  It maintains a readers interest, and also tends to be a thought-provoking book.  The characters throughout the novel seemed to be almost as real people.  With the plot fulfilling everything you could ask it to be, and with an unexpected twist.  The author F. Scott Fitzgerald developed the novel thoroughly throughout the entire novel.  The way in which he utilizes every aspect of the book to keep the attention of the audience is remarkable. As you can tell I admire the author's writing gift, with each and every character having characteristics that are possible to relate to people in real life situations.  The main character was Nick Carraway, and he seems to be a very studious, and intelligent person.  Along with this main character, the author added in many other characters to help makeup his cast.  The main focus of the book was Nick's wealthy neighbor, Jay Gatsby.  He is a mystery to many of the people around his area, and everyone wants to know, or find out about him.  The other characters that the author develops are all of an authentic and credible nature.  The writer explains each character with just the perfect amount of information, and in a way in which the reader can feel as if he understands how each character thinks. Along with the creative nature that he introduces, and maintains his characters throughout the story the author makes the plot thicken with wonderful ploys.  The author made very unique descriptions of everything, no matter how large or small throughout the scheme of the novel.  He manages to seduce your thoughts by keeping the story running through your mind, even after you sit the book down for a minute.  This way of writing was very elaborate and tended to make an obvious impression on the reader.  The author manages to keep the readers interests in the plot and develop the story very elaborately.  Throughout the development of the book, there are new things being entered into your mind, which tend to keep you thinking.  This makes the reader stay on his heals, and wonder what may occur next.  Even until the end of the book you wonder what will occur next.  I would definitely recommend this book to others.  It will make you want to keep reading, and even think about the book after you put it down.  This is the kind of book that will keep you coming back for more.  I would give this book a try; who knows, you may even find a new favorite author."
"This is a quality Classic, full of enchantment, and taking us back to the twenties just after the war.I took my time and savoured every word as it flowed along with a mysterious edge, causing me to be somewhat unsure of where you I was actually heading next.Narrated by  Nick Carraway who had been anxious to come out to the East (New York) after spending a rather dull childhood in the Midwest, I found Carraway a very interesting person. A bit of a schemer sometimes; one is never sure how he really feels about Jay.Jay Gatsby is the enigma in this story; a rather poor officer who before he goes to war falls hopelessly in love with the beautiful Daisy Fay from Louisville.  But what happens after the war???The Great Gatsby having heard that his lovely Daisy has tied the knot with the uncouth, ill-mannered and filthy rich Tom Buchanan, goes to great measures to become wealthy too.... by all means.  When he accomplishes this, he buys an elaborate house not far from the Buchanans where he hosts glittering and five star parties most weekends; with the hope that Daisy will eventually turn up.You will be entertained and shocked by the things Jay Gatsby does all in the name of love. His parties filled with lots of celebrities and Hollywood people do nothing to assuage his troubled and lonely soul. I felt his pain in this book and his isolation which you will experience too when you read this book.This is one of the best Classics on the market, even more so now that it has been updated.  I highly recommend this book and can't wait to get my hands on F. Scott Fitzgerald's other updated ones; The Beautiful and The Dammed and Tender Is The Night. Fitzgerald is a boss and oh; the cover is soooo beautiful."
"Yes, I've read this many times,since high school, where it seemed like a force fed waste of time.I never knew the types described in this book then.Like ""Bond Business"" Nick,a business based on trading money (update to Tom Wolfe'S BONFIRE OF THE VANITIES,which has many similarities to THE GREAT GATSBY!) But, that was a long time ago. Usually I breezed thru it,but recently I gave it a more serious try, and found it to be just as great as they say! Why? Simply, because the characters are incredibly true to life. I've met Tom Buchanan types so many times it makes me want to (I won't say here.) The world is full of arrogant smart alecks who never had to do a thing on their own,and who look down their nose at their supposed ""inferiors"". And Daisy...How many shallow,money grubbing,self obsessed young ladies are there like this? One wonders what Gatsby saw in her too,but that's probably the point. You know, the ones who get thrilled by looking at dozens of colored shorts in a wardrobe, as she does with Gatsby. Both types really care for nothing except themselves and their little toys. FS Fitzgerald probably knew hundreds like this...Now the Gatsby character is more unique and refreshing,even if he is dull.The self made guy who may have made his money under shady conditions. Then again,how about the dot-com millionaire rage of recent memory, and the way the world and the media were lapping it up. Now, the Enron fiasco where it's obvious the bigshots could care less about anything other than lining their own pockets at everyone else's expense.A little like Tom perhaps. But Gatsby seemed to have a heart, shallow as he may have been. And the New York 1920's locale rings true too...This novel easily can be read by a 15 year old,even though his life experience will not be able to understand it. And an 80 year old can appreciate it too. If Joyce's ULYSSES was the best novel of the century, how many can figure it out?. Really, almost no one! Same with most others on the list,like say Faulkner.ULYSSES was not about what FSF called ""the bitch goddess success"" which is what THE GREAT GATSBY is about...As far as another reviewer here questioning what the final line meant..ie ""So we beat on,boats against the current,borne back ceaselessly into the past""...Surely it was THE GREAT GATSBY'S obsession with the past,even as the future beats away, and Daisy's disappearance from the past into the present, that was responsible for his terrible demise at the end!! Tell your Professor that's the obvious answer to his 20 year question..We should each learn to deal with our own past darknesses. The tragedy of a person like Gatsby is that it becomes an obsession resulting in a sad ending...Also, this is without question a monument to the language, the second reason it is such a classic."
"The Great Gatsby has many twists and turns, chock full of phrases and situations that make sense as the story unfolds that beckons you to go back and reread this story.  The story meshes the characters and their setting very well.  However, as good as the story was, it was difficult to feel anything but disappointment with any of the characters. The narrator, Nick, is never fully fleshed out.  He seems to be a prop brought in from the Midwest only to be used as an observer of the strange goings on of the rest of the characters.  Even his relationship with Jordan is blandly glossed over.  With so many different characters to juggle, one wonders if the narrator character could have been dropped completely. Jordan is ... a golfer, was it?  She appears to be another peripheral prop in a mad dash to bring the only three characters who have any flesh together. Which brings us to Daisy.  A girl who one begins to feel a warmth towards but who destroys any goodwill as events reach their climax.  She is childish and numb to all but her own feelings.  She is beautiful and fascinating, but wholly boring and empty. Her husband Tom, on the other hand, was a powerhouse of a character.  Full of energy and passion and endowed with the wealth of his forebearers, this man has the ability and nature to lead corporations or governments.  He squanders it all buying into pop psychology and wrestling with the 'ash' of society.  What is most disappointing in Tom is that one can see this gargantuan man slowly turning himself into a stupid ape.  How many times did I feel like wrapping my fingers around his thick neck and telling him to shut up? Finally there's Gatsby.  A boy in a man's body.  Building himself into the man that he is by careful planning and determination, he finds himself at the crest of adulthood used as a doormat for those who he might consider his friends.  He confuses serfdom for gentlemanliness.  He throws off the shackles of his past but builds for himself a house of cards.  One almost feels happy for him when Wilson makes his housecall to Gatsby's mansion. All in all, this is a great book.  Even without sympathetic characters, the story flows along quite well with little eddys of brilliant storytelling that come together at the end and urge the reader to go back and reread what may have been missed on the first outing."
"This novel is more than just a novel--it is the English language used in the greatest essence of perfection. Fitzgerald has written out prose that intertwine so many elements, the heirarchy of American society, love, aspiration to the American Dream, the sign of the times in the Roaring Twenties, friendship, paradise, and paradise lost, yet it is all woven together so clearly, so vividly, so beautifully...Fitzgerald's prose is lyrical, sharp and intense. It is the height of the use of the English language. The devices used to keep the reader interested are borrowed, yet brought to a level of perfection, a level that the originators of these devices could never fathom.Comparing Fitzgerald's work to the work of more modern novelists, I see what the latter aspire to. I was supposed to read this in high school but neglected to. I wish this was the novel to have sparked my interest in the art of prose.In the Esquire article ""Monologue to the Maestro: A High Seas Letter"" by Ernest Hemingway, Hemingway talks about what makes a great writer. He says that reading the classics is something a writer should do ""...so he knows what he has to beat."" He goes on to list classics that he feels are essential for a writer to read. In a modern times, ""Gatsby"" is a novel a writer should read ""so he knows what he has to beat.""The Great Gatsby is not only a benchmark for writers, but a novel for anyone to read for its beautiful use of the English language, gripping story, and story structure. As I wish I could read Russian to fully understand the essence of classics like ""The Brothers Karamazov"", I can imagine serious readers who cannot read English feeling the same way about a book like ""The Great Gatsby.""I recommend this book to anyone who is into fine art, for this is fine art of storytelling and the English language of the twentieth century. Furthermore, I suggest,in order for this novel to be fully enjoyed, that it be read in one sitting."
"Looking over the other responses, I have to include my own two cents and agree with the reviewer who said that anyone who gave this book less than 4 stars is completely oblivious. I first read this book about 15 years ago -  when I was 14 and had to read it for my junior high English class. At that  time, I too didn't ""get"" the book, thought it was boring, and  couldn't see what all the hype was about. Then I re-read it a few years  ago. I was simply amazed at how well-crafted, insightful, and yet SUBTLE  the book is. The reviewer who remarked that GG's structure is flawed is  especially misguided and probably didn't pay enough attention while  reading. In fact, the structure of this book is pretty close to being  perfect. The reviewer thought the narration of the events through the point  of view of the neighbor is a ""crutch"" and a worn-out device. Not  so! The WHOLE POINT of the novel is NOT, in fact, Gatsby's pursuit of  Daisy, as everyone seems to think, but the question: who IS Jay Gatsby? Not  only literally, i.e., what is his identity, but also figuratively, who IS  he as a person. The story is remarkable in that we never see Gatsby  directly; instead, his character is filtered through the views of the  people around him. Therefore, the narration of the neighbor fits in  perfectly with the overarching theme of the novel: he is left to sort out  his impressions of Gatsby much in the same way that the reader is. If the  story were told from Gatsby's point of view, we would get too close, know  too much about him, and the entire effect would be ruined. As it stands,  however, the novel becomes a comment on identity: who we really are, and  how other people perceive or misperceive us. (I won't spoil the ending for  those who haven't read the book yet, but once you do read it, make this  connection and you'll see how perfect the structure is.) That other  reviewer also made the comment that a great work of art should cause us to  think, question ourselves, etc., etc. GG does exactly this, but as I  pointed out, Fitzgerald's technique is very subtle - with the result that  some of the nuances may be lost on inattentive readers. To those who gave  the novel less than four stars: read it again, and this time pay attention  and look beyond the surface!"
"This novel has a certain magnetism, a certain style that the author used to beautify and immortalise the mundane aspects of life and glorify them forever in our memory; aesthetic language is the manuscript of this amazing opus.. In this case, it is a sweet lullaby that came from the 1920's, a most singular era  potrayed to us through the eyes of a virtuous writter, F.Scott.Fitzgerald; He gave life to an era and wings to its cast, creating a world full of surreal parties, dusty limbos and glamourus automobiles. Yet it is surely through the special appeal of its language that the novel makes its first claim on our interest; for it it is a highly poetic novel, with strong, powerful, touching evocations that make our senses submerge and transmigrate into a perpetual limbo.The novel is strung together by motifs that appear and return, lingering in our mind for future innuendosIn a society, accidents happen and are taken for granted, but as they multiply in the book, they reveal a whole new meaning in which cars are merely futile excuses for careless driving with no moral or ethical directions at all.Irresponsability is the essence, the fuel on which this nemesis drives on, running over anything without any regret but expecting that someone ( the white trash ) will always clean after them.  It is as if the 1920's were just pleasent cocktail waves impregnated with the mezmerising sounds of jazz, catalysed in the anarchy of charleston's mood This were the parties Gatsby hosted, were all the USA intoxicated themserlves with champagne and sinecures, merely to sober up and presence the reality of the hangover Gatsby merely intended to extend the curfew, in order not to face the reality of his anguish, the slow trepidation of time's forgotten realm, showing itself as an incubus that would end the dream....his dream Gatsby wanted to trascend time, and to him time appeared submissive to his wealth and power, as he tried to recreate the past, the american dream, holding the clock's wrath aimlessly and in vain against his hopes, desires and aspirations, leading to his destruction while the others,""the foul dust that floated on the wake of his dreams"" lingers on forever, covering meaningless actions in a meaningless world But soon the 20's would sail etheraly into the past with all its cast viciously darkened by the definite crash"
"At this point a wide variety of teachers have been teaching me English, in one form or another, for the last 12 years or so. I have often heard some of those teachers describe ""The Great Gatsby"" as an American literary classic, but I haven't had the opportunity to read the story until now. One reason is that a novel like ""The Great Gatsby"" written in 1925 didn't exactly appeal to the average teenager at these earlier stages of education. Another, more valid, reason is that we probably wouldn't have understood it anyway. At first sight ""The Great Gatsby"" seems to be a long story about nothing in particular except for an obscene amount of parties. It turns out though that the story contains multiple levels of observation on the American society during the ""roaring twenties"", as well as more general reflections over human nature and even philosophical and theological points. A thing I find interesting about ""The Great Gatsby"", is the relationship between Gatsby and Daisy Buchanan, because this says a great deal about Gatsby. During the story three different images of Gatsby are transmitted to the readers. At first Gatsby is portrayed as a decent and noble Oxford man who has made himself a fortune in ways unknown to us and with a lot of things going on. He gives great parties and even though several of his guests perceive him as a somewhat mystical figure who isn't quite what he seems to be - some even suggest that he killed a man or acted as a German spy during the war - he stands out as the perfect host. Later it turns out that he actually does have a lot of things going on, though not exactly of the reputable kind. The truth is that he participated in the war and came out as a highly decorated officer. After the war however his decorations could not buy food or clothes and by coincidence he met Meyer Wolfsheim, who had just the right thing for him... So Gatsby is actually in the business of bootlegging. Having established that, it would be easy to write him off as a liar and a common - although wealthy - criminal. This image of him is softened though by the observation, that he did it for love. In fact it seems that everything in his life revolves around one person, namely Daisy. It turns out that Gatsby and Daisy know each other from five years earlier, when they were a couple and were actually going to marry each other. Gatsby was madly in love with Daisy and she loved him too, but when he was in Europe during the war, she eventually got a little bit desperate and wanted her life to take on a steady and reassuring direction - I would imagine that her parents had something to do with it as well. Consequently she married Tom Buchanan, who was extremely wealthy and an impressive physical presence as well. This explains Gatsby's actions to a certain extent, since it is obvious that the only purpose of his extravagant house is to impress Daisy. This is seen in the situation where Gatsby has Nick Carraway arrange a meeting with Daisy at Nick's - a rather embarrassing session at first that ends up with Gatsby giving Daisy the super-extended deluxe grand tour of his house. During the tour Gatsby perceives his own home through Daisy's eyes and generally does everything to seem interesting, for instance when asked how he can stand living in the house alone: ""I always keep it full of interesting people, night and day. People who do interesting things. Celebrated people."" It is not a coincidence either that he bought his house with a view across the water to where Daisy lives. At the end of the dock she has a green light that shines all night, which takes on a great deal of significance since it symbolises the distance between Daisy and himself. The span of water between Gatsby and the light (also great symbolism in itself, isn't it?) could be compared to the actual distance in emotion and time. Now he has met with her, talked to her and touched her. She has seen his home and given her approval, so the gap has closed and the light is just a light again. Or is it? The light could be any colour, but it is green which has always meant ""full speed ahead"". So since the distance between Gatsby and the light has closed due to his recent entering the same high social class as Daisy, he is now worthy of her love, in his own eyes and apparently hers as well. So the relationship between Gatsby and Daisy has come full circle. Jay Gatsby's appearance towards his surroundings is built up on lies upon deceit and e.g. the large and wild parties are only meant to capture the attention of Daisy. Another thing that I find interesting in this story is the mentioning of Doctor T.J. Eckleburg. After the death of his wife George Wilson states that ""God sees everything"" while looking specifically at the eyes of T.J. Eckleburg indicating that Eckleburg should or could be interpreted as God. He is, however, just an old billboard advertising for an optometrist - faded after not having been painted for a long time and brooding over a dumping ground . The symbolism is pretty clear. The presence of God is faded in the society described and the society as seen by God i.e. those who believe, is deranged - a dumping ground. As for George Wilson he says: ""...you can't fool God"" and ""God sees everything"" but the question he must be asking himself is, if God sees everything, why did he not stop Myrtle Wilson from running out in front of the car? Maybe that is why God is symbolised only by a pair of huge eyes - because He let go of the steering wheel years ago and has now retreated to the role of the observer. Omnipotence replaced by omniscience. Anyway Wilson decides to lend God's eyes a pair of hands, but manages - with a little help from Tom Buchanan - to kill the wrong man. Importance is in the mind of the beholder - a historian would find other aspects of ""The Great Gatsby"" interesting than I have. Interpreting this story, I found it exciting to work with the whole relationship between Gatsby and Daisy. The story of how his love for her gave birth to his ambitions and consequently his wealth hold faint reminiscence of Greek tragedy. It stands parallel to Fitzgerald's own life, where he could not marry Zelda Sayre until he had achieved some success and wealth , and even Fitzgerald's description of the wild life is somewhat autobiographical. In the story Daisy moves away with her husband, while in real life Fitzgerald was separated from Zelda because she was suffering from a severe mental illness. The passages about T.J. Eckleburg are a fine way of giving a hint that this wild life and social shallowness is actually leading nowhere - also illustrated by the fact that only three persons attend Gatsby's funeral - his father, Nick Carraway and the man with the owl-eyed glasses. He is the only other person who has taken the time to scratch the surface of Gatsby as a human being, symbolised by his opening the books in Gatsby's library instead of just assuming that they would be empty shells . This suggests that a man's legacy could be measured by the number of people by his grave rather than in parties or hard currency."
"How is it possible to label as ""underappreciated"" a book that is routinely included in the American literary canon?  Understand this:  _Gatsby_ forced its way into the canon--with the pellucid beauty of its prose and the undeniable resonance of its theme--against the wishes of many, if not most, in the critical intelligensia.  In his time, Fitzgerald was regarded as a talented but irresponsible lightweight, a writer who dissolved his unique gift in expensive gin.  Today, his lifetime reputation as a dissolute drunkard continues to tarnish his litarary legacy, particularly in comparison to the other two members of the Trinity of 20th Century American Literature, Hemingway and Faulkner.  With some exceptions (most notably the fanatically devoted Matthew Bruccoli), critics and academics continue to regard Fitzgerald's work of love, wealth, and dreams as a shade beneath Hemingway and Faulkner, with their more gaudily ""literary"" themes of mortality, family, and death.  But _Gatsby_ makes liars and fools of those who remain intent on observing only a chronicler of the gin-soaked privileged classes.  Yes, there is wealth, and parties and cars and stars, but _Gatsby_ is a book that rewards not only the dazzling first read, but repeated readings.  Of course, the book features some of the best of Fitzgerald's spectacular, inimitable prose style, which even detractors acknowledge as unmatched in its poetic grace.  But there is much more underneath the fine finish, where so many have failed to look, distracted by the glossy exterior.  Dreams, ambition, financial and moral corruption, love real and imagined, morality, success, failure and death:  these are _Gatsby_'s themes, the themes of the American story--and are there bigger themes in Hemingway's bullfights and war, or Faulkner's incest and insanity?  Modern critics continue to insist that Fitzgerald understood only a certain class and time, but this assessment suffers from a failure of the vision and imagination that Fitzgerald possessed in abundance.  The very slightness of the plot of _Gatsby_ facilitates its analogy to contemporary America.  Just imagine how easy it would be for Hollywood to remake _Gatsby_ as a modern tale of a boy from the ghetto rising through raw ambition and illicit means, chasing a dream he left behind that was never within his reach.  In fact, Hollywood has made that movie, a hundred times over, because it is the prototypical American story, applicable to any time or place in the nation's history.  _Gatsby_ is really a perfect, particular retelling of the most enduring story in American mythology"
"Did you ever want to go back? Back to those great times? That's what Gatsby wanted to do but he additionally wanted to CHANGE THE RULES too!This work is told from the perspective of a third party about a determined man, Gatsby, who fails to secure an early love, a vain immature gal, Daisy, and now that he's hit the big time and has become a high-roller, he wants his Daisy back (even though he never had her to begin with) -- and he's willing to go to any extreme to OWN her.The setting is the 20s, a period of excess and near social insanity in New York City in particular. Gatsby puts his plan into place and things go fine for awhile in that Daisy responds quickly to his overtures. But what Gatsby never figured on is that Daisy is a mile wide and an inch thick. She RE-responds to her husband's overtures to come back, albeit this act is spurred on by a personal tragedy and the death of a near-innocent.Gatsby, in the meantime, has inadvertently set into motion a chain of events over which he no longer exerts control and, ultimately, it leads to his demise.This book is arguably Fitzgerald's best work and it's bulging with symbolism and metaphor. It's a book that is set apart from most others of the period and now is thus referred to as ""literature"" -- quite the professionally written novel.It's not for everybody but if you're up for reading some great prose, you love scandal, and don't mind all the subtle ethical lessons that accompany the work, then this one is probably for you.Tom Wolf wrote a very similar work which was all about having rotten friends and the parallel excesses of a much more contemporary period, if you're interested: The Bonfire of the Vanities"
I reread after many years. I am a fan of F Scott Fitzgerald and the story has everything a reader would want. I like how Fitzgerald gradually reveals Gatsby to us over the course of the book. Beautifully written and not a wasted phrase in the book. Hemingway described Fitzgerald as a gifted and superb writer and this book proves it. If you were required to read as a school assignment this book is a real pleasure in later life. Reminds me why classic beautifully written books are always appealing and enjoyable to read .
The Great Gatsby is a classic for a reason.  Read it and you'll agree.
The Great Gatsby is a book that you will appreciate for a long time after your done with it. I couldn't put it down from the second I started reading it. The characters are finely crafted and the storyline a hit as you meet Nick and Gatsby and the different lives they lead until one day they are both wonderfully and tragically intertwined. I found myself saddened to both the book ending and the outcome of the story but I have a greater respect for both F. Scott Fitzgerald and the 1920's because of reading it.
"The great gatsby is probably the best book I have ever read, and certainly the most life changing. I read it recently in class, and connected so well with the characters. It is a book that takes multiple reads to understand fully, because of the amount of symbolism in it. Fitzgerald's words are so beautiful, and his descriptions paint verbal pictures that are truly magnificent. The Great Gatsby is a book I intend to read over and over again. It is am american classic that every person should read at least twice."
"The Great Gatsby is not a book soon forgotten. I read this book for a class of mine and totally fell in love with Fitzgerald's writing style. It is one that you can identify with so easily, as if you know exactly what he is talking about. The love story is somewhat common, that of a tragic nature, yet one truly feels completely saddened for young Gatsby at the end. Fitzgerald not only makes the reader eager to read, but you will find yourself eagerly grabbing for his other novels, all of which are equally superb."
"Before reading the Great Gatsby I considered all the reviews were probably  just hype.  I finally decided to pick it up after the modern library listed  as the number 2 book in the 19th century.  I can see now why it is a  classic.  Fitzgerald's magnificent mastery of story telling had me  entranced.  This simple story set in the 20's moved me emotionally, and  turned me into a Gatsby fan.  This was a beautiful book about a  misunderstood man, and it touched me.  I am sincerely glad that I finally  read it."
"I picked this book out for school; I had to write a ten page paper after reading it.An enlightening love story that consists of poetic pieces of work depicting the proclamation of one's love to another, and the walls people put up in times of abandonment and grief.  At times, this book can seem to drag on to it's readers; it is a build up to a fitting end for Fitzgerald's characters.The Great Gatsby is a must read for adults and young adults alike!  I recommend it greatly."
This version can be difficult to read as it creates new paragraphs mid-sentence. You pay for what you get. I'd recommend spending a little more and getting a better version of this e-book.
"If you haven't read this book in your lifetime, you really are doing it all wrong. And no, don't think you can get by with watching the latest movie. Fitzgerald writes a beautiful tragic novel. This novel gives you a peak into the world of the wealthy, where money can buy you anything. But instead of wanting to join that world, you see it for what it is: a fake world that destroys people. The Great Gatsby is timeless in it's themes. People will always chase wealth and love not knowing the risks."
"This is one of the best books I have every read! Right now it is my favorite book! I personally think that this is F. Scott Fitzgerald�s greatest novel. The novel has been revised and some corrections have been made, because the first had some errors. If you have any of F. Scott Fitzgerald�s novels but not the �The Great Gatsby� then you are missing out! This is a must have book, and after reading you should watch the movie, it is as good as the book but a little different and better my opinion."
"After reading a few of the American ""classics"", I was glad to encounter a novel that is written in grammatically correct English and without too much slang. The book has a moderately interesting plot and even a philosophical insight. It seems to me that the meaning of the story is that people oftentimes try to recapture some of their past in the future but, of course, it always evades them. In any case, I would say that it is a rather interesting novel, written in a simple and pleasant style."
"My daughter's AP English teacher assigned Gatsby to her as a summer reading project.  I read it along with her and now, thirty years after my frst read, am struck by how this book's greatness.  Change a few details in the story and it could be describing 2008 as much as 1923.  We see these characters flash across our TV screens and monitors again and again.  As each generation passes a new cast of Gatsbys re-emerges to fascinate, entertain and finally, infuriate.  A great summer read."
"For years I listened to people talk about this book but never understood what the storyline was, I thought about giving it a chance and I'm glad I did! It is by far the best book I've read in a long time, Fitzgerald creates a mystery within a love story within a friendship. He doesn't disappoint from beginning to end, I recommend to any book lover out there or anyone looking for something to keep them occupied. One of the greatest era to write about in the greatest city in America!"
"Fitzgerald's masterpiece presents memorable characters in a memorable setting.  Gatsby is a mysterious tycoon that throws wild parties although no one seems to know him.  Although Gatsby's intentions are to become wealthy and well-regarded, he is actually after something much more difficult to attain: the affection of a high-status woman.  Fitzgerald's style keeps one guessing throughout the book and is highly entertaining.  I'll probably read it again someday, it was so much fun."
"Fitzgerald's masterpiece stands the test of time. The decadence and callousness of the characters make them hard to like, but riveting as well. The lyricism of the language is not to be found in many authors today. Gatsby, for all his failings, still may be the most likable of the cast of characters because he does realize there is a world outside himself. A tragic tale beautifully told. It will be a challenging read for most contemporary readers, but it is well worth the effort."
"I first read this book over 50 years ago.To my surprise, reading again was like reading it for the first time.It gives a picture of a time and  place and segment of society before the great depression that will never be dupicated yet has parallels in the rich libertines of our owntime, self indulged directionless people who are amoral at best yet envied and glamoriized.The reader feels enriched by the experience while sad for the characters in the story."
"I re-read THE GREAT GATSBY in anticipation of the movie revival opening this month.  It is a classic. Reading it now, after a gap of many years, I was reminded of how great a writer Fitzgerald is and why he is required reading for high school and college students.  It not only presents us with an intriguing story and wonderful characters it presents us with key values of our country.  It may be set in the 20s but the underlying class and money issues are still relevant."
"I read this back in high school and I wanted to revisit it now that I could read it leisurely instead of being under deadlines to read so many chapters in so many nights. The book is so much better for me now that I am older. I enjoy the story and the writing style and the development of the characters. There are certain insights that I have now that I was not even aware of 10 years ago when I was in school. Good book, quick read, definitely recommend."
"I watched the movie The Great Gatsby several months ago, but felt it corrupted the book by F. Scott Fitzgerald.  It compelled me to read the novel again after 30 years.  I was surprised to see that the storyline of the book was generally followed by the movie, so I cannot fault the movie for that.  However, the novel was much more engaging than the movie, which overdramatized the book.  The movie was “over the top” as you would expect from Hollywood."
"I read this book in high school for a class and thought it was one of the most boring pieces of crap I would ever read. I now realize how absolutely wrong I was. In some ways, I think it is impossible for anyone who has not had to make a living to understand so I forgive my past opinions as the inexperienced feelings of an immature mind.This is a book for all of those who work for a living and yet meet with those who are affluent who never have to worry about a thing. I found it enthralling."
"This is the first time I've read this at age thirty and i wish it had been on my reading list at school as all i want to do more is write a report on it! This is a truly interesting read, the characters while unbelievably flawed are real and fun to read about simply because if you were to meet them you'd probably feel unlucky indeed. I also listened to Jake Gyllenhaals reading of the book as well. He did a great job of bringing all of them to life."
"I just read this book in English class. I couldn't believe that none of my friends liked it. I thought it was such an intricately-woven story and a biting social commentary. It was so illustrative of 1920s culture and  society. Almost every little detail in this book is symbolic of some aspect  of someone's personality or past or of human nature in general. I could go  on and on about why this book is worthwhile, but I suppose that the main  reason is that it's a sad but fascinating story."
"Well,I am just a lithuanian student(this year I began to study english),who had to read it at university.At first it seemed boring and with a simple plot,but now I am happy I have read it.It shows the society  of the Jazz Age and for me,europien girl,it`s a great possibility to learn  about that past.I tried to read it lithuanian,but it was not so good.You  really need to read this book in original. I will offer this book to my  friends too."
"I was surprised that I didn't like this book, because I read and like lots of classical American literature (Steinbeck, Twain, Hawthorne, Williams, Stegner, Mailer, Hemmingway, Wright). The characters just seemed boring and instantly forgettable. I feel that what is lacking is the feeling of America: big and diverse and full of surprises. These people feel small and trite - can anyone get excited about a drawer full of shirts?"
"More than anything, a meticulously crafted tale about TIME: its insufferable pace, its disruption, and the fallacy of controlling it.  In the end, everyone is human--but Gatsby is worth more than all the  ""rest of 'em put together"".  Alas, reality never lives up to the  promises of the green light:  there is certain loss in having.  A metaphor  for Fitzgerald's time, our time, and all time.--Justin Laird Weaver"
"This time, I read Gatsby for a book club, but I read it years ago as a literature class assignment. What a difference the decades make! If it's been a long time since you read it, I would recommend rereading it. The memorable lines jump out at you more than before. Plus, there's that question so aptly answered by Gatsby himself. When Nick says that no one can relive the past, Gatsby says, ""Of course, you can!"" So, can you?"
"A grand book.  Couldn't put it down with a re-read in mind.  I read it in college.  We had studied it.  On my own, it was very challenging. Gatsby masters the face of an idol. Dedication to Zelda with love is very heart-felt as then the book unfolds.  I get a feel for great authors and read with maximum speed. This one was no exception. Hurrah for the twenties! A serious yet talky comical side for F. Scott. A natural!"
"I enjoy reading about people and places in existance prior to my lifetime.  This book offers the best read for insight into the aristocractic society in the 1920s.  While I did not find the characters to be likable, I believe their story to be interesting and a likely sampling of that period of time in the cities of America.  The novel is an easy, fast read and worth the time if you are interested in expanding your knowledge in Classic American Literature."
"I have over 200 books but I somehow managed to skip buying The Great Gatsby.  I'm an idiot!  What a terrific book!  I breezed through it so quickly that I'm sure I skipped something important.  I'm planning to re-read it as soon as I get some free time.  Thank God for Amazon and it's incredible books at reasonable prices.  Amazon makes reading the classics easy, accessible and affordable.  What more could I ask for?"
"This book is more poetry than prose. A great novel about America. For those of you who were initially not impressed, look past the somewhat sordid plot. His characters are living breathing people, but also emblems of America. This book was carefully constructed. It requires more than one reading to appreciate its beauty and wisdom about our nation. I re-read it every 1-2 years. Initally disatisfied? Come back to it."
"Reading this as an adult was so much more rewarding than it was as a teenager.  I have clear memories (which have kept me far from Fitzgerald all these years!) of slogging through it in literature class - endless segmenting, focusing on minutiae - until the beauty of the prose was lost. That's probably criminal. I'm thankful to finally erase all those ugly memories with a new appreciation of this book and author."
"The Great Gatsby is a brilliant piece of literary fiction by F. Scott Fitzgerald. The story takes place in the 1920's and centers itself around the American Dream. With the Jazz Age as the backdrop to the story, the characters act vividly within a world of glitz and jealousy and rage. It might be the best written literary work I have read. It would be an understatement to say that this is a must read. Five Stars."
"I admit that I watched the movie first, but in my opinion the book is still way better anyway, and it was! I downloaded this book for a long car ride because it was on my reading list for awhile. It's definitely a quick read, but I was completely addicted. Even when my car ride was over I still could not put this book down. I recommend this to anyone looking for a quick read, especially if you love the classics."
The book is entirely 180 pages long.  Nick Carraway narrates the book the whole way through.  Just to briefly summarize knowing that other reviews describe the entire  plot more detailed and relying on the fact that I am very too lazy to write anything but that the conclusion will surprise you and you will wan t to cry... still read it though.  It's an amazing book an  the meaning is incredibly GOLD!!!!
"There were a multitude of books  I read in high school which allowed me to become the engineer I am... basically saying English was never my favorite subject.  However, ever since  I went to college, I have a new found love for reading stories .  This is one  of many books I have never read and chose to because of the movie that is about to come out.My heart goes out  to Gatsby.  Good story!"
F.Scott did an excellent job of presenting the mood of America in the period after WWI. We were excited about our future as a nation and intoxicated by our new found wealth and global adoration. We indulged ourselves in largess and the Bohemian lifestyle. In reality as in the book this euphoria was to be short lived. The parallel between Gatsby's demise and the great depression were all too obvious.
"Beyond compare.The writing is superb, concise and perceptive.The characters are generally awful but one pities them because they are defined by their social status which is hard to escape. The 'author' does escape - into depression and alcoholism. But it's not a grim tale, it manages to convey light and hope, in spite of the setting - Long Island of the wealthy circa 1920."
"I know it appears to be a bargain but when I downloaded it I found that the shade of the text was so light as to render it virtually unreadable, and unfortunately there is no way one can get a refund from Amazon Kindle once you've bought a book, even if it is defective. I've been a Kindle reader for the last four years and think that it's a brilliant device, but unfortunately Amazon seems to completely ignore this type of problem. As long as they are getting your money they don't seem to care about the quality of the product. How long would a traditional bookseller survive who sold unreadable books? Sorry but I'm extremely disappointed. John (Germany)"
"The way fitzgerald shows the carelessness of the weathy people of the ""great"" jazz age is wonderful.  The way he used Nick Carraway as the narrater was marvelous.  I like the way you start to like these characters and then Fitzgerald starts to show the horrible person that they  are.  I would recommend this book to anyone you will learn alot about the  20's and perhaps about yourself."
"For years, ""To Kill a Mockingbird"" has been my favorite book but this book has dethroned it.  I found myself enjoying it for how each sentence was written as much as what the story was, that was being furthered by it.  I enjoyed every part of it, though it would be difficult to become bored with such a work that is so short.  Don't miss understand, I do not think it too short, but just right."
"The Great Gatsby is a wonderful book for people ages 12 and up. It really captures life in the 1920's in a way that leaves you breathless. This book is not made for optimists; its ending is very depressing. This resolution, however, is needed in order for the reader to receive the full impact of what the author is trying to say. Fitzgerald does a remarkable job of using symbolism of many aspects of the book. It is the symbolism that really makes the book the great book it is. The only negative aspect of the book is the extensive vocabulary Fitzgerald uses in certain sections of the book. It is good to have juicy vocabulary in a novel, but the author just saturates his book with these vocabulary words. This takes away some of the interest in the reader, for they will spend some time pondering what the author was talking about. Overall, the Great Gatsby is a wonderful book for everyone to enjoy."
"Set in the Roarin' Twenties, this unforgetable classic is a romance as well as the story of Jay Gatsby.  F. Scott Fitzgerald told the story in a unique way, through the voice of Nick Carraway, an impartial aquaintace of both Gatsby and Daisy.Details of the golden era come alive in vivid descriptions of fashion, music, and decor, carrying the reader back to a time of bootleg liquor and the newly invented automobile.  Jay Gatsby lives in a luxurious mansion.  He sometimes stands on the beach in his backyard gazing across the water at a green light marking the home Daisy Buchanan, the love of his life who is, unfortuately, married to someone else. Daisy's two-timing husband Tom is not impressed with Mr. Gatsby.As the tale unfolds, we see that Jay Gatsby is quite a different man than the most people think.  Beautifully written, I highly recommend this classic romance."
I don't get the popularity of this book.  Not what i expected.  Silly read...just my opinion:  it did not suck.
"Really, the start of this book is sooooo painful.  It is confusing and boring.  But if you take my word for it, the rest is worth it.  I'm very sorry I judged this book by its first pages, considering how great it turned out....What I want to know is how a classic like this can resemble a soap opera so much?!  And be so entertaining?  It has adultery, murder, suicide, parties, abuse, long-lost love, deceit, everything!  Though its language isn't as easy to follow as today's modern language is, the book still retains its clarity.Aside from its ability to enthrall, The Great Gatsby also addresses the American problem of superficiality and greed.  It proves that ""money can't buy me love"" and greed gets you nowhere."
"I was required to read this book for English II. I am a bibliophile by nature and have always loved books.This is one of my favorites. We were required to extensively research the 1920s in order to fully understand the background of the book, the time period, the setting. That research and this book have made the 1920s one of the most interesting decades in the 20th century for me; certainly, the one I am most attracted to.THE GREAT GATSBY is written by F. Scott Fitzgerald, ""social historian"" of the Lost Generation of disillusioned writers in the post-war world. Fitzgerald's prose and style so eloquently capture the fleeting spirit of the 1920s, the breaking through of social taboos and finding little on the other side, the desire for something impossible, the continuing themes of disillusionment, spiritual isolation, and death."
"This book is written in beautiful language, perfectly describing  the events it depicts.  When I read a book I get very frustrated with superfluous words and unnecessary narrative. Fitzgerald somehow describes a situation, and does so in a way that leaves you with no doubt as to what he is descrbing, without any excess.  The levels of thought this book touches upon are amazing.  To me its theme is simply that of disillusionment.  Fitzgerald shows both a world we see and assume to exist and the things that lay beneath it.  This is a book that by the closing pages you can easily feel it is a masterpiece even if you can't put your finger on why.  Subsequent readings show the depth it reaches.  It is truly a work of art."
"I found a copy of this book in a very small, very messy book store in my area and decided to give it read. Fitzgerald from the start is extremely descriptive yet brief and poetic. What I find so very impressive about this book is it's ability to make you understand the depths of both the 1920's and the place this story has in it; yet the story and themes are not just easy to relate to, they are fresh even after 90 years. I am an actor and while reading the last 4-5 pages I found myself reading aloud from the book because the conclusion and final thoughts of the character telling the story are written in a profound way; one that makes me feel they should be spoken so that the meaning won't be lost."
"While in high school, a number of people prodded me to read The Great Gatsby and I never took their advice.  Now that I'm in my freshman year of college, I've started taking a greater interest in reading and decided to finally pick up a copy to read and, I must say, I've been greatly satisfied.The Great Gatsby is an amazing book with a tragic character (Gatsby).  F. Scott Fitzgerald has created a masterpiece by building up Gatsby as an incredibly successful man with one tragic flaw...his wealth and ambition is fueled by his love for Daisy.This is truly a great book and one that can definitely be read in just one sitting.  I highly recommend you read it, if you haven't done so already."
"The Great Gatsby is not your typical fictional novel. In this book you will find mystery, excitement, rule-breaking, parties, and shady characters that surprise you with every turn- all of which I was not expecting when I began this book. F. Scott Fitzgerald added these elements in a 1920's setting- an era in which there were many social changes. The main theme presented in this book- you can't relive the past- is relevent even today. We all live in the here-and-now- what's in the past is in the past for a reason, and trying to alter that will cause problems for many people- as you will find in The Great Gatsby. We can all get something out of F. Scott Fitzgerald's novel, no matter your age!"
"There is something about Jay Gatsby that is quintessentially American. When I was a younger reader, I simply put the character down as shallow. He's a phony, sure, but it comes from the idea that he can remake himself in his own image, godlike, into something better than he really is... and even reshape his own past. What is the American Dream, but the idea that you can transcend your background and origins to become whatever you want? To transcend barriers of class, wealth and breeding? Of course, the cost of such a dream sometimes ends up as more than most of us would be willing to pay, and the dream often crashes upon the rocks of reality. F. Scott Fitzgerald does not shy away from that."
"Haven't read this book since high school - 45 years ago. Saw the film and loved it so downloaded the book and enjoyed it very much. A bit stilted at times, a reflection of the era it was written I guess."
"It was a pleasure re-reading the novel on my Paperwhite. It was quite a stretch, because I wanted to finish it before going to the movie premiere tonight. :)The pictures look great even on grayscale and chapter titles are real artwork."
I like the flawed but believable characters.  I like the slice of life approach and the way such a short book transports the reader into an earlier decadent period.  I also like the use of colour in metaphorical ways.
"F. Scott Fitzgerald is credited with inventing the term ""The Jazz Age"" to describe the 1920s, and he is often regarded as the greatest chronicler of that age in fiction. Today the ""Roaring Twenties"" are often regarded as a brief, prosperous, carefree and hedonistic interval between the war-torn 1910s and the economically depressed 1930s, the age of jazz, of cocktails, of Art Deco, of flappers and of the Charleston.  Like all attempts to summarise a whole decade in a single phrase, or even in a single sentence, however, this one can never be more than a half-truth. The decade was certainly a time of relative prosperity in the United States (less so in Europe), but it was also an era haunted by memories of the Great War and its attendant bloodshed and by a sense of foreboding about the future. The era's much-vaunted hedonism can be seen as the reaction of a largely urban, well-to-do minority against the Puritanism of the not-so-silent majority. This was, after all, the decade of Prohibition and of ultra-conservative forms of religion, exemplified by the notorious Scopes trial in which a schoolteacher was put on trial for teaching evolutionary theory.Jay Gatsby, the central character of this novel, is a quintessentially Roaring Twenties figure. Originally a North Dakota farm-boy named James Gatz, he served with distinction in the United States army during World War I and then went into business, becoming a self-made millionaire, wealthy enough to afford a luxurious mansion where he hosts lavish parties. Gatsby's mansion is on the North Shore of Long Island, an area with so many wealthy residents during this period that it became known as the Gold Coast. The sources of his millions are originally obscure; at times Gatsby claims to be the son of a wealthy San Francisco family, at others he makes vague references to the drugstore business or to oil. Eventually, however, it emerges that he has made his money though bootlegging, and possibly other illegal activities.The story takes place during the summer of 1922, in New York and on Long Island, and is narrated by Nick Carraway, a trainee bond salesman and a neighbour of Gatsby's in the village of West Egg. (Fictitious, but based on the real Long Island community of Great Neck). The plot revolves around the web of relationships between Nick, Gatsby (who becomes a close friend), Nick's cousin Daisy and her husband Tom Buchanan. The Buchanans live across the bay from West Egg in the neighbouring village of East Egg. Their marriage is an unhappy one, and Tom has taken a mistress, Myrtle Wilson, the wife of an unsuccessful garage proprietor in a run-down area of New York, named by Fitzgerald the ""Valley of Ashes"". Myrtle and her husband George will play important roles in the novel's denouement.One of the novel's themes is the American class system. Some Americans would claim that theirs is a classless, or at least a meritocratic, society, but Fitzgerald shows that America also has its forms of class distinction, perhaps more subtle than those that exist in Europe but no less real. Gatsby's lie about coming from an established San Francisco family is only partly inspired by an understandable reticence about the real sources of his wealth; part of the reason is that, in a society which maintains a sharp old-money/new money distinction he has no wish to be regarded as a parvenu. Even so, he makes his home in the ""new-money"" enclave of West Egg, East Egg being the preserve of traditional ""old-money"" families like the Buchanans. His modification of his original, German-sounding, surname ""Gatz"" may have been motivated by wartime anti-German prejudice, but another factor may have been that an Anglo-Saxon surname carried more cachet in high society. He makes use of characteristically upper-class expressions such as ""old sport"", which annoy the genuinely upper-class Tom Buchanan.""The Great Gatsby"" is a novel of its time in that it analyses 1920s New York high society and in its allusions to the literature and theatrical productions of the period and to contemporary events such as the ""Black Sox"" scandal of 1919 or the notorious Rosenthal murder case. Fitzgerald makes use of genuine buildings in and around New York, such as Pennsylvania Station or the Plaza Hotel. Automobiles, a relatively modern invention in the twenties, are frequently mentioned, and play a key role in the plot. It is not, however, a celebration of the gay Roaring Twenties; its tone is one of pessimism rather than of hedonism or gaiety. Jay Gatsby is at heart a melancholy figure, who derives little pleasure either from his wealth or from the extravagant parties he throws.In other respects this is a very traditional work. Fitzgerald writes a poetic literary prose, eschewing modernist devices such as the ""stream-of-consciousness"" style associated with contemporaries such as William Faulkner or Virginia Woolf. The plot centres upon that very traditional device, the love triangle. Daisy is not only Nick's cousin, but, it turns out, Gatsby's former girlfriend; the two were at one time very much in love, even though she ended up marrying Buchanan instead.The reason for Gatsby's melancholy is not so much disillusionment with his opulent lifestyle, although that plays a part, as nostalgia for the past, for a time some five years ago, before he made his millions but when he and Daisy were in love. His one great obsession is with returning to that time. When Nick objects ""You can't repeat the past"", he replies with a defiant ""Of course you can!"" His melancholy is heightened by his realisation that Daisy's marriage has been a failure and that in breaking his heart she has also broken her own, and he cannot help wondering whether her life, as well as his own, would have been happier had she married him rather than Buchanan. (Having had a similar experience myself, I can certainly identify with Gatsby on this point).""The Great Gatsby"" is today widely regarded as a literary classic; it is even one of many novels to have been hailed (in that overused cliché) as the ""Great American Novel"". In my view its reputation is well-deserved. Fitzgerald combines a fluent prose style with sharp social observation and perceptive psychological analysis. He succeeds not only in capturing the essence of an era but also in creating a flawed but compelling hero who serves as a timeless everyman. There is not enough space in this review to discuss many aspects of the book, but I will close by saying that I found very helpful the introduction and notes by Professor Ruth Prigozy in my edition. (Oxford World Classics)."
"It's not just the author who thought this was a great novel -- it is indeed one of the strong contenders for the elusive title ""The Great American Novel."" A classic that can be re-read with pleasure at the discovery of new nuances and of new parallels to current events. And this edition is a great one -- classic illustrations in themselves worth the price of the book!"
"I love this book. It has been a companion through many years of teaching English and Literature. I purchased the audio version read by Jake Gyllenhaal. I wasn't sure what to expect, but he did not disappoint. I can confidently assign this book and tell my students there is an Audible version read by an actor they are familiar with. Thank you!"
"I thought I would read The Great Gatsby again, because I'm looking forward to the Baz Luhrmann film released later this year.I remembered the poignant story of the doomed Jay Gatsby, as narrated by Nick Carraway. But I had forgotten the beautiful poetic concision of Fitzgerald's writing, so it was a great pleasure to read it again.I chose this edition because of the price, but also I saw some added value in the presentation. It's illustrated with a range of 1920s American photographs which illustrate different aspects of The Great Gatsby. I had never seen any of these photos before. I thought they were intelligently chosen and simply complimented Fitzgerald's writing.Now I can hardly wait to see what the fine actress Carey Mulligan will make of Daisy Buchanan!"
"It's not just the author who thought this was a great novel -- it is indeed one of the strong contenders for the elusive title ""The Great American Novel."" A classic that can be re-read with pleasure at the discovery of new nuances and of new parallels to current events. And this edition is a great one -- classic illustrations in themselves worth the price of the book!"
"First and foremost, this is a great book.  Anyone who enjoys literature will fall in love with Fitzgerald's examined manipulation of the English language that can be called nothing else but art.  Every word speaks volumes in this tale of minimal pages but endless emotions.  It is a book to be savored and one that continues to get better with age."
"I've just finished reading this book in my 10th grade Honors American Lit. class. I can easily say that it's one of the most beautifully written and intricate novels that I've ever read. To those of you who hated it - well, my advice is to quit watching so much MTV and take a couple of hours out to  lose yourself in Fitzgerald's masterful style."
"Many people despise classics they are forced to read in high school, such as The Great Gatsby, but I don't think that has to be the case. I am a high school student and for our required book clubs for school, my group chose The Great Gatsby (we were allowed to read almost any book we wanted to) due to its regained popularity from the movie. If you have seen and enjoyed the movie, or are just looking for a good book to read, I would highly recommend this one. The Great Gatsby centers around Jay Gatsby, who has spent the majority of his life making himself good enough for a girl named Daisy. He wants to recreate the love they used to have. When told that he can't repeat the past, he replies, `""Can't repeat the past? Why of course you can!""'  Once he has found success, he buys a mansion in the West Egg, across the bay from Daisy and her husband's house in the East egg. He lives there admiring the green light on the end of her dock, throwing lavish parties every weekend, hoping one day Daisy will come, but she never shows. Then, one day Nick Carraway, Daisy's second cousin, moves in next door to Gatsby, and Gatsby has a connection to his past love. Daisy and Gatsby are able to meet and rekindle their old flame, however their relationship has its complications. Their time together is far from perfect, and the end of the novel is no happily ever after. Similarly to the ending of the novel, the characters are not perfect. Fitzgerald has created character that are each flawed in their own way. By the end of the novel, I didn't love any of the characters, but I thought that made the book more realistic. Many people don't like books with an unlikeable protagonist, however in this novel I think that it is necessary. I think that the flawed characters and the interesting plot is what makes this book a classic. It is a must read for people who weren't already forced to read it in high school or want to rediscover the tale of Jay Gatsby."
"Page Terror Reviews: pageterror.wordpress.comI have read F. Scott Fitzgerald’s The Great Gatsby on the fourth of July every year since I was twelve years old. I am very much aware that I have promised the reader a review on Henry James’s The Bostonians. However, I feel that tradition in this instance takes precedence and that James can always wait another week.Gatsby holds not only a unique place in the black pit that is my heart, but also in the world of the twentieth century novel. A social history of America during the 1920′s, Fitzgerald critically assesses the growing developments and the coinciding flux of values that percolated throughout the age, exploding with the inevitable defeat of man’s spiritual being by the impounding dominance of materialism. The narrative is a beautiful balance of simplicity and bounding poetics, wrapped up in the dark mysticism of possibility and the timeless allure of slow and unavoidable ruin.The characters are products of their context. It is through his portrayal of types and the boundaries that they may cross that Fitzgerald is able to bring to life the reality of his period. His elegant and yet brutally honest fixtures are not at the mercy of a universe that he has plucked out of the ether. Instead, they are the world and what we see exudes from their speech, actions, and the nature of their internal dichotomies. Each possesses an inner battle that reflects the age that they were created to mirror. Even Nick, who as the narrator only exists in relation to the people and story he is depicting, fights for understanding, causing him to hover in a multi-dimensional construction.There is the misconception that Gatsby is about the Roaring Twenties, the decade of sin and continuous partying that people partook in to overcome the catastrophic effects of the First World War. The glittery and undeniably sad actuality of this piece and time cannot be denied. However, what The Great Gatsby is truly about, where the irrevocable magic of the story extends from, is not the party scenes. It is not the mob allusions, the mansions, or the fancy cars. At its core, The Great Gatsby is about the transcendence of the human spirit, the innate connection of the individual with the universe, and its promised destruction. We witness this in Jay the moment before he kisses Daisy and then we watch as it is resigned and burned and Jay becomes in essence mortal, a demi-god who has relinquished his immortality for the physical.I will end this little ditty by informing my reader that Daisy is my favorite character and that she always has been. The reader can easily write her off as irritating and weak and she can be both of those things. However, that is not all of Daisy and to do so does not only comment on your own lack of empathy, but it is also an insult to Fitzgerald. Daisy is the great tragedy of the novel. To characterize her with her worst attributes is to reduce her to the mere shadow of a person, not acknowledging her as a full-bodied individual with potential. We as the reader have the privilege to see that potential rise once more from the ashes before collapsing in final defeat, submitting to the destiny that was created for her at birth by those who sought to dim the light that would continue to flicker, green across the bay, before disappearing forever into the fog.pageterror.wordpress.com"
"Gabriel IsbellMr. BlanchardFreshman EnglishPeriod 75/12/14Word Count: 807Book Review of The Great Gatsby The book I read was the Great Gatsby which was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald.  It’s about a group of people, one specifically being Nick Carraway who gets dragged into the middle of the drama.  Nicks cousin, Daisy Buchanan is favored by two men being Jay Gatsby and Tom Buchanan.  Daisy’s best friend, Jordan Baker also follows along in the group and even begins a love interest in Nick.  My personal favorite character just so happens to be owl eyes because he’s a funny character in my opinion.  Owl eyes is my favorite guy because he just seems to funny and drunk, but I in this way he seems to be the only one who has kindness and I will explain more on this later. In the Great Gatsby, it is narrated by Nick Carraway, who is new to the area and first has dinner with Daisy, Tom, and Jordan.  The first part explains who they are, for example, tom explains how his book “The Rise of the Colored Empires” says that other races are taking over a white country.  This says that tom is extremely racist.  Daisy is with tom and even has a child with him, this is an example on even who she is as a person.  Daisy says that she hopes her child grows up to be a fool, this explains that she is arrogant, and even controlling.  Later towards the middle Gatsby throws a party and gets Jordan to ask Nick to ask Daisy to stop by Nick’s place without Tom.  Gatsby ends up fixing up Nick’s yard to display a good setting for Daisy.  Daisy and Gatsby are awkward at first but later when they are left alone they start showing a deeper relationship. Even later towards the end, Daisy runs over Myrtle and Gatsby gets the blame because tom mislead Myrtle’s husband, George Wilson.  George gets so upset he assassinates Gatsby and then himself.  Only a few people show up, but again Owl Eyes shows up to his funeral. The specific setting all the east egg is shown to be where the less rich people are.  The west egg is shown to be where the more rich people are, like where Daisy and Tom live.  Gatsby lives in the eastern egg along with Nick.  The group also goes into the city where some actual serious business happens between Tom and Gatsby. Some major conflicts are mainly based on the relationships between the ones in the group.  Gatsby was in love with Daisy even before Nick had reconnected with her.  Later Gatsby ended up separating from her and promised himself that Daisy was his true love.  After the separation between them, Tom ended up trying to steal Daisy back, and was almost winning her back.  Tome ended up finding out about the whole situation when Gatsby kisses her and he sees it.  Tome suggests that they go into the city, so that’s exactly where they went.  Daisy and Gatsby drive Tom’s car and Jordan, Tom, and Nick, took Gatsby’s yellow car.  This is important because Myrtle sees Tom in the car, so now she thinks its Rom’s car when it actually is Gatsby’s.  They get their gas and they head into the city where they all check into a hotel.  The group begins to talk and over time Gatsby and Tom begin to argue about and over Daisy.  Tom makes his point and allows Gatsby to drive Daisy home, knowing he made his point very clear.  Later, Tom, Jordan, and Nick, drove by the same gas station they did before except now it was a crime scene.  Myrtle was hit by a yellow car; George explains the car was yellow and that they hit her.  Tom also tries to explain that the car wasn’t his; he tries to get that into George’s head because Tom was the last to drive it.  Tom ends up telling George that the car was Gatsby’s.  This creates even bigger problems because George ends up going through a depression and ends up assassinating Gatsby while he’s swimming, and then kills himself. This book to me had a great impact on me because it had so much thought put into the plot.  The author F. Scott Fitzgerald really did a great job with planning the story and giving so much detail to the characters.  Making the beginning, middle and end giving them all detail and a story that fits.  He gave many places on where they would go like the east egg, west egg, and the city.  He also added so much detail into the conflicts that revolved around the characters.  This book is amazing and really took me for a ride in all the conflicts and people it threw at me.  All in all, I really enjoyed this book and recommend this book to other people."
"I've got to get this down now. I have to remember how much I loved this book before my English class gets into all kinds of symbolism and themes and meaning that'll make me forget there was even a story in the first place. I made that mistake with Huck Finn, but I can't make it with Gatsby; it's too good to deserve that. So here goes.First off: thank you, F. Scott Fitzgerald, for writing the one book in the world that can be read in a high school English class and still make bored teenagers wake up and pay attention. When I first began reading ""The Great Gatsby"", I cracked it open thinking I'd read a page or two just to see what it was like- and ten minutes later, my friends found me on the floor of the band room in a very uncomfortable position, still listening to Nick Carraway tell me about his flirty, empty-headed cousin Daisy, her husband Tom, who still lives in his glory days as a rugby player, and the fabulous Jordan Baker. I gobbled the book down before the rest of the class had gotten to chapter three. And boy, am I glad I did. I don't think I could take the suspense of waiting for everyone else to catch up. Who is this Gatsby fellow? How did he get money to burn so quickly? And why is he so interested in Nick and his friends?Chances are you know the answers to most of those, since the new movie just came out. But some of them are kickers. I thought I knew the whole plot of this story before I started, but a lot of the real plot twists wouldn't even make sense if I told you before you read it. You'll just have to wait and see like everyone else . . .But read the book. Please read the book. Leonardo DiCaprio can't give you the true wonder of Gatsby's famous smile, and Toby Maguire certainly won't have Nick's way (or is it Fitzgerald's?) of saying funny things in a serious way, which somehow makes them even funnier. When a car falls apart in a drunken man's hands, for example, ""At least a dozen men . . . explained to him that wheel and car were no longer joined by any physical bond."" And Gatsby's guests ""conducted themselves according to the rules of behavior associated with an amusement park."" And almost every sentence is like that! It's like heaven for wordsmiths.You know what's really funny, though? I can't say I liked most of these characters. Daisy makes fruit flies look like professors, Tom was just an old has-been with dangerous amounts of money, and even Nick, the narrator, had too high an opinion of his own virtue. But I'm not sure we were supposed to like them. If Daisy had to be a twit, at least she was acknowledged to be so. Nick does own to some of his mistakes, if not all. But Jordan Baker, the professional golfer, was fabulous, as I've already said. And Gatsby- oh, Gatsby. He was so awkward and romantic and pathetic that I liked him in spite of myself. I imagined him with reading glasses in a couple of scenes, not because he needed them to see, but because I could so clearly see him polishing them, pushing them up on his nose, peering through them at people . . . I'll admit, I fantasized about yanking him away from Daisy and setting him up with a nice, sensible girl who would tone down the parties and make all those uninvited guests go back where they came from. What he needs is to be dragged out of the past, out of the dream with no more foundations than a castle in the air, and get his feet firmly on the ground again. But even with all that, he's fabulous, too.And so is the whole book. Enough babbling about Gatsby's glasses. You all probably think I'm mad, don't you? But given that Gatsby is something of a madman himself, who are you to judge? Even if I hate ""The Great Gatsby"" by the end of the year, I'll have the memory of loving it still."
"...you've had.""Having experienced this story in three formats (reading the book, listening to the well-performed audio by Robertson Dean, and watching the 2013 film), I found the audio version to be the best, especially reader's spot-on way of say, ""Old Sport,"" which is exactly as I'd imagined. The tale, recounted by Jay Gatsby's neighbor and acquaintance, 29-year-old Nick Carraway, is about his two-years-prior experiences with Gatsby. Near the start of the story, Nick visits his second cousin once removed, Daisy Buchanan, who has married a tall, athletic adulterer named Tom Buchanan. The three are joined by her friend, a famous female golfer named Jordan Baker. As a bond-salesman neighbor living in a small house next to Gatsby's mansion, Carraway attends one of his extravagant parties (after hearing about him from multiple sources) and later interacts with him several times during the period of about three months beginning in July and ending in September of 1922. Anyone who knows anything about Gatsby provides some wild rumor, for example, that he killed someone during the war. Although Nick is skeptical about Gatsby's incredible backstory, over time he begins to feel something for him beyond pity and incredulousness, (maybe admiration) at the fact that he can so skillfully keep up what appears to be, at most, a complicated charade, and at least, a great stretch of the truth about his background and upbringing, which, it seems, he's done because of his desire for Daisy. Although it wouldn't be right to say much more about the plot, I'll say that I love the way the author tells the story. With really lovely descriptions and similes (and without a bunch of flowery excess), he tells it in a straightforward way, yet provides enough information about the characters, like this characterization of Gatsby by Carraway, (p 52) ""He smiled understandingly--much more than understandingly. It was one of those rare smiles with a quality of eternal reassurance in it, that you may come across four or five times in life. It faced--or seemed to face--the whole external world for an instant, and then concentrated on you with an irresistible prejudice in your favor. It understood you just so far as you wanted to be understood, believed in you as you would like to be believed in yourself and assured you that it had precisely the impression of you that, at your best, you hoped to convey,"" to help readers see why they choose to act the way they do. What most surprised me was that I could love a story so much that is about such awful, flawed characters. The Great Gatsby is one of my all-time favorite classics. Also good: Revolution Road by Richard Yates, The Painted Veil by W. Somerset Maugham, and Angle of Repose by Wallace Stegner."
"I came to The Great Gatsby by a rather circuitous route -- via Haruki Murakami, believe it or not!  I feel like everybody read Gatsby in high school or at some point, but alas I never did.  And ironically I spent my formative years of literature - circa ages 13 to 25 - frequently immersed in that twentieth century fiction that was at its apex in the period between the two world wars, veritably gorging myself on Ernest Hemingway, John Steinbeck, Henry Miller, William Faulkner and many other noted authors of the era.  How I missed Fitzgerald I'm not sure, but miss him I did.  And then there was the sudden brouhaha over the recent film adaptation featuring Leonardo DiCaprio, with everyone comparing the film to the book, and I actually felt a bit ""lesser than"" in both the literary and film arena, a place I truly do not appreciate.  I'm more comfortable reigning as an arrogant ""book nerd"" or ""film geek."" Here I was a loser on both counts and trust me, I don't take kindly to that! A thousand miles away from this topic, Haruki Murakami novels have been my latest obsession in the fiction & literature category. I happened upon an interview with the noted novelist in which he explained why he believed Gatsby was one of the greatest twentieth century novels and why he himself translated it into Japanese to better expand its audience. I paused:  the master Murakami not only paid tribute to Gatsby, but he translated it into Japanese? Maybe it's time that I should read this book . . . One of the best things about having a fine personal library is that there's a pretty good chance you might already own the classic book you are interested in reading.  In this case, my collection indeed included a nicely bound hardcover set of Fitzgerald novels I obtained somewhere back when I was eleven or twelve, as my grandmother actively encouraged my book fetish. (Thank you Grandma! Never forget!) I plucked Gatsby off the shelves and carefully spread its unbroken binding.  It still kind of smelled like a new book, in some senses.  It was, truly, new to me. I was ready!I adopted Gatsby as my bedside nightstand book, which usually means it is doomed to serve for  many months as short, casual end-of-day reading while I focus on the four or five other books I devote my early evenings to, usually the thick  nonfiction tomes that I typically have in play dayside.  But as it turned out, I read Gatsby much faster than that, in thick gulps that pushed my bedtime back and found me shifting positions as various limbs cramped up or went to sleep in an attempt to locate a spot where I could nest comfortably with a book this good.  This good!  I am compelled to repeat this because when I read great literature from this era it is much like listening to music from the `60's and early `70's: that amazingly good that it blows you away. As much as I would grant superlatives to White Stripes, Chili Peppers and Weezer tunes today, go ahead and spin a Traffic or Airplane or Zeppelin vinyl album from back in the day and be reminded that there is virtually nothing out there in 2013 to compete with that level of musical genius.  I love Murakami, but he is absolutely trumped on every level by Fitzgerald in Gatsby! It's a very simple story, actually. It lacks the complexity of a Faulkner stream of consciousness layered narrative; there's no cleverly disguised objective correlative a la Hemingway; no complicated character sketches as in Steinbeck. It is just pure and simple genius.  The protagonist is a confused innocent walking among a legion of superficial ultra-rich fools, the beautiful people of the day, many who have come into orbit around the eponymous Gatsby, who initially appears to be little more than a charlatan preying upon those who have conferred him with a star status. And yet, in only about 150 pages we learn that Gatsby is the only character other than our narrator-protagonist who has anything truly genuine in his nature. Living, as it were, in our own ""gilded age"" of superficial fools - Donald Trump could clearly have been a walk-on character in the novel - we are delightfully reminded that there is indeed something of more value to respect and honor in our contemporaries than simple wealth and status. The novel is pure genius, on a multiplicity of scales. Rather than bemoan the fact that I missed it in my younger days, I suppose I should be grateful to come upon it at a more mature stage in my life. If you have not read this book, I would urge you to read it now.  If you have already read it once, I would suggest that you re-read it; I know I will."
"I rarely, if ever, review classic novels, tending to stick within the realm of non-fiction works, mostly, because everyone has heard of them, and because I don't feel there is much to say that hasn't already been said.  However, in the case of ""The Great Gatsby,"" there are qualities and details to this work that are so rare and worthy of commenting upon that I find myself compelled to point out a few of the many wonderful merits of this book.  Over and beyond the fact that this book serves as an iconic portrait of a particular time in American history, I find it remarkable that I have read this short book some seven times and continue to find details that intrigue me.  No book has brought be back so many times as Gatsby, save one.  I think there are two major reasons for this.  The first is the seemingly infinite depth that these finitely numbered pages contain.  The book invites questions and analysis, which makes this book ideal for the imaginative reader and the abstract analytical reader alike.  The second reason is what, to my mind, ensures that this book is a book for everyone: it has great sentences.  Someone once said that a great book has a great sentence or two, every hundred pages or so.  At well less than two hundred pages, I am always awed that this work features dozens of sentences that literary history shall never forget.  I once hear a comment to this effect, the gist being that complex sentences for their own sake make for bad literature, but complex sentences that transcend to convey some precise feeling or concept, even a mood, makes for great literature.  I think Gatsby exemplifies this literary tenet.  The sentences are so great that, in three film adaptations I have seen, there must have been dozens of sentences preserved from the book, placed into the scripts.  Each time I read the book, I am drawn to these sentences which, collectively, seem to have emergent properties: the vibe and jitter of ceaseless motion, the materiality represented by the dust that comprises all things, especially the human, and so on.I can say, without hesitation, that this is a book for everyone of all ages.  Even for the few who will end up not liking it, it is, at the very least, a book that you'll be glad that you have read and have honestly passed your own judgment on; and it may even grow on you.Note on Scribner hardcover edition: This edition (orange cover) is easily my favorite edition of the book that I have come across.  It has some nice initial commentary and notes, and there are a few other added pieces (biographical, for example), which make this more than the bare-bones editions you will find.  Plus, the quality of the hardcover can't be beat, if you want one that you can read repeatedly, and that will last."
"***This review may contain spoilers***Of course, Jay Gatsby was not the only ambitious Midwesterner eager to ply his industry and luck in the wealth- and refinement-drenched enclaves of the East - New York and Long Island to be exact.  Nick Carraway, the first-person narrator of F. Scott Fitzgerald's ""The Great Gatsby (hereafter TGG), is the second, unwisely eclipsed Midwesterner to do so.  However, one is seduced, engulfed, and destroyed by the glittery but indifferent and corrupt environment, and the other manages to negotiate the same environment, reject its insubstantiality, and go back West to reorganize his priorities.  Why does Nick survive, and not Gatsby?  As TGG hints, it may be Carraway received a disproportionate ""sense of the fundamental decencies...parceled out unequally at birth."" (page 2). As the reader gradually learns, although Nick and Gatsby had roughly similar life trajectories encompassing World War I, college, and establishing a business, Nick seemed to have a firmer, more pragmatic, more morally philosophical familial grounding than Gatsby.  Nick shared tacit but frequent communication with his father, who left him with the seemingly ironic but actually accurate advice: ""'Whenever you feel like criticizing any one,...just remember that all the people in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had.'""  As Nick gradually learns, those advantages are not material or monetary, but mental, moral and psychological.  In TGG, Nick becomes more observant and insightful, but non-judgmental and even empathetic, especially to his more quixotic, money-, and status-conscious counterpart, Gatsby.It may be no accident that Gatsby's mansion was adjacent to Nick's more modest ""eyesore"" in the predominantly middle-class West Egg of Long Island.  Although Gatsby had the money to organize endless opulent galas attracting endless guests, even he was (at least subconsciously) aware - and Nick was fully aware - that he was not truly of the established upper class. Gatsby was a nouveau riche imposter - uncomfortable, artificially mannered, ignored, and mysteriously alone and distrusted.  Even after Nick accepts a rare invitation to one of Gatsby's parties (the rest of the indifferent rabble just crash it), HE doesn't recognize Gatsby until Gatsby has to announce himself. But Gatsby recognizes Nick from World War I's Third Division.  Gatsby seems relaxed in Nick's presence, reinforced by Nick's observation that ""...there seemed to be a pleasant significance in [Nick's] having been among the last to go, as if he [Gatsby] had desired it all the time."" (page 53).  Gatsby even extemporaneously invites Nick to join him in his hydroplane.Gatsby starts to confide in Nick, not because of any Midwestern/military kinship, but because he is aware that the lost love of his life, Daisy Buchanan, is his cousin and lives across the sound from Nick in oh-so-chic East Egg, maybe within reach. He can't even ask Nick directly to arrange a meeting with Daisy; he has to do it indirectly through Nick's casual love interest Jordan Baker, the supercilious tennis player.  Gatsby has not made an initially favorable impression upon Nick; besides using Nick as a cat's-paw to woo Daisy back, Gatsby has falsely embellished about some aspects of his past (page 65), and his relationship with the gangster Meyer Wolfsheim hints at organized crime (pages 69-73).  Gatsby is not a flattering soulmate.  In contrast, Nick is a hardworking, honest bondseller and he has started an open-eyed, careful, and honest courtship with Jordan.At length, after many fitful, timid half-starts, Gatsby reunites with Daisy.  They were intimately involved five years ago, but Gatsby was too destitute to marry her.  Besides, he had to fight in the war.  During his absence, Daisy settled for and somewhat reluctantly married the burly brutish philanderer Tom Buchanan and somewhat grew to love him.  Gatsby shows off his ostentatious wealth and mansion to Daisy.  He seems to rekindle the passion they used to share.  If he works hard enough, and shows that he is wealthy enough, he can recapture this past fantasy love, even if Nick later warns him that in at least this case you can't go home again. (page 110)The truth will emerge eventually.  Like Nick, Gatsby came from humble, rural surroundings, but unlike Nick, Gatsby had ""shiftless"" and ""unsuccessful"" parents (page 98) that he was probably ashamed of and practically disowned.  Though initially industrious like Nick, working as a clam-digger, fisherman, and janitor, his chance meeting with millionaire silver prospector Dan Cody made his dreams of prosperity seem much more accessible.  Although cheated of Cody's considerable inheritance, his formative experience with him only fueled Gatsby's desire to be make it big.  All this reinforces Nick's simultaneous fascination with and repugnance of the elusive Gatsby, when he ""had reached the point of believing everything and nothing about him."" (page 101)Unsurprisingly, Gatsby's strenuously erected façade crumbles.  Gatsby replaces his servants with those unlikely to gossip about his tainted work connections. Gatsby, Nick, Jordan, and Tom all meet explosively together on a scorching hot day in a New York hotel room, where Gatsby's dream dissolves before the decadent indecisiveness of the flighty, irresponsible, spoiled ditz Daisy, who loves Gatsby, but still kinda loves the loathsome, hulking monster Tom because he can provide old money security.  Of course, the hypocritical Tom, who has cheated on Daisy with Myrtle Wilson, wife of his garage mechanic George Wilson, resents Gatsby's interest in Daisy and the insinuation that he was too stupid to know it. Furthermore, Tom taunts Gatsby with his knowledge of his sordid, illegal sales and connection to Wolfsheim. Gatsby's dream of winning Daisy away from Tom is dissolving, but still the dream stubbornly will die.  Paralleling Gatsby's sudden bleak prospects are Nick's, who ""...was thirty.  Before me stretched the portentous, menacing road of a new decade...Thirty-the promise of a decade of loneliness"" (page 135).  But like Gatsby clinging to Daisy, Nick will cling to the practical, realistic Jordan, at least for a while.A tragedy of errors and misunderstandings occur and things disintegrate.  The quintet leave hot New York to return home - Tom, Jordan, and Nick in Tom's coupe, Daisy and Gatsby in his yellow car.  Daisy and Gatsby leave first.  On the way back, Myrtle Wilson, falsely imprisoned in her room by cuckolded George, escapes, sees the yellow car coming, and thinking it is her lover Tom because she saw him driving it earlier, runs into the road and is killed.  Inexperienced driver Daisy was driving the car but Gatsby ""gallantly"" intends to take the rap.  Gatsby hides his car and skulks about the Buchanans' home, still hoping Daisy will come out to see him.  She does not.  Gatsby goes home hoping Daisy will call her.  She does not.  Oscillating between disapproval and admiration for Gatsby, Nick finally gives Gatsby the ambivalent, backhanded compliment that he is ""worth the whole damn bunch [Tom, Daisy, Jordan] put together"" (page 154)Forlornly and perhaps fatalistically, Gatsby takes a dip in the pool.  The illusion is shattered. Vengeful George Wilson, mistakenly thinking Gatsby was Myrtle's paramour or at least her killer, shoots him and then himself dead.  Only a few people attend Gatsby's funeral, and only because of Nick's efforts to scrape up some mourners.  Nick felt that he owed his counterpart Gatsby ""that intense personal interest to which every one has some vague right at the end"" (page 164)  With Wolfsheim's refusal to attend, Nick ""began to have a feeling of defiance of scornful solidarity between Gatsby and [himself] against them all."" (page 165)Henry Gatz from Minnesota, at Nick's invitation, is one of the mourners.  He is awed and impressed with Gatsby's (real or legal name James Gatz) mansion and wealth.  Henry praises Gatsby's intelligence, work ethic, and discipline, and shows Nick his daily regimen (page 173).The simple father cannot be aware how such positive qualities could produce such a sad result.""After Gatsby's death the East was haunted for [Nick] like that, distorted beyond [his] eyes' power of correction."" (page 176)  So Nick decides to go back home.  First, he sorrowfully but probably wisely parts company with the brittle but imperious Jordan, outraged that Nick would throw her over.  Then, next, he gladly parts company with Tom, who probably fed George's misconception about Gatsby and at any rate does mourn Myrtle's death.Besides Gatsby, Tom and Daisy, also Midwesterners, were seduced by the East's superficial, tawdry, and sometimes criminal glitter, but are still alive, if damaged.  Gatsby was destroyed because he thought by buying into that glitter, he could win Daisy's unworthy hand.  Nick, the last Westerner, had roughly similar aspirations, but was circumspect and perceptive enough to realize through doppelganger Gatsby's noble but misguided quest that the glitter hides a void."
"This is the second time I have read The Great Gatsby The Great Gatsby and it will likely not be the last. The first was for the extreme pleasure that the novel yields and this most recent time was to study how Fitzgerald did it. As a writer I am constantly peeking behind the literary curtain of others writers to see how they did it; how they pulled off the fictional magic trick. In this instance it was to see how Fitzgerald levitated Daisy through this Jazz Age classic novel.To me, Daisy is the most interesting character in TGG and the most damning. She is infinitely complex and impossible to nail down just like the varied guests that float in and out of Gatsby's parties. Daisy drifts through rooms and people's lives as she does life. It's not a stretch to realize that Fitzgerald based her on his wife Zelda who he called ""the first American flapper."" Both Daisy and Zelda were from Southern states: Kentucky and Alabama, respectively. They were unrestrained and had a thirst for living a wealthy lifestyle. For Gatsby, he was driven to bootlegging in an effort to quench this insatiable desire by Daisy. Fitzgerald took to writing novels, which after a number of years of writing them myself I can tell you of their many similarities. The difference between writing novels and bootlegging is that one can get you thrown in jail, cause you to drink heavily, and make you become associated with criminals. The other is bootlegging.It's easy to imagine Zelda and F. Scott flying down some New York back road in their coupe, off to partying another Jazz Age night away. Easy indeed. Fitzgerald can, after all, write a party scene like no one else in the literature. He had lots of practice in his life. In TGG the party scenes never stop, each one is bigger than the last; each gala trying to outdo the other. Still, Fitzgerald wrote even better ones in his short story collection Flappers and Philosophers that is not to be missed.TGG is unsurpassed in capturing the Jazz Age, one of the most wild and reckless (and fun!) periods in American history. It could only have been captured in the way that it was in TGG by a great artist who had lived it in spades. In my view Gatsby is one of the most sympathetic characters in literature. Why is he vilified? He was just a guy, like millions before and after him, trying to impress his girl. He wanted her unconditional love and never got it. Ultimately she got him killed. Daisy. The one who was guilty of vehicular homicide and love suicide. Daisy. The one Fitzgerald magically levitated like the Zelda of his own life."
"I don't know how I made it through high school without reading this classic, but I'm so glad I get to come back to books like this and read them as an adult.  I'm sure I would have learned stuff in high school, but I feel like I'm getting more appreciation out of books like this as I get older.The only thing I knew about this book before I started reading was that it was a shallow love story that ends with the girl dumping the poor, innocent guy....or something.  And yes that is the plot, but I think the story can also be about the American dream and who it's really available to.  What is the American dream? Is it just getting money and it doesn't matter how? Did we really get away from social inequality?  I hadn't really thought about any of that before reading this book.  It made me wonder what my American dream is.  Do I just want to get lots of money, a big house, and tons of stuff? Or is there more to it than that?  Without spoiling the end, I feel like Mr. Fitzgerald's opinion on the matter is that some people are born to live the American dream and some aren't - and there isn't much you can do to change it.  The fate of Daisy and Gatsby really brings that tragic idea home.The parties were unreal. I was drooling over the mention of all the food.  I couldn't help but imagine the Dowager Countess from Downton Abbey coming to Gatsby's house and being appalled at what Americans called ""a dinner party.""  My mind was buzzing with all the practical details and sheer amount of money that it would take to feed two dinners and tons of alcohol to that many people... But the parties and glamour are just covering up the fact that most of these people are shady, immoral, hypocritical and just plain unhappy.  Especially Tom and his wife Daisy.I loved the writing.  It was simple, charming, and witty - an interesting contrast to the much deeper story going on.  The last line about how we can't escape from the past points out that even though as Americans we say that anyone can achieve wealth, happiness and equality, the truth is we keep getting sucked into the rules of the past.The only thing I thought was overdone was the symbolic Eye Doctor bilboard in the ash valley. Don't let the symbolic Eye Doctor Ad/God's Judgement fall on you on the way out.Overall, a novel that got me really thinking about life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness in the context of a beautiful, tragic, and romantic story."
"It tops more than one list of the greatest novels of all time. Sure, it's subjective, but everyone should read this book. I somehow didn't read it in high school, so I picked it up recently. It's great. And the movie with Robert Redford did a nice job of adapting it too."
This book was so amazing and I can't wait for the movie! The plot is very well rounded and character has something to contribute. Every chapter makes you want to read the next. My favorite book that I've read recently. Why be anyone else when you could be Jay Gatsby.
"I wanted to read this before I saw the movie.  I found it a bit too wordy.  Once I saw the movie, I couldn't finish it.  I almost always see the movie and then read the book, gives me characters in my head, This time, however, the book just didn't hold my interest."
"This book is called the great American novel (alongside Huckleberry Finn) for good reason. Through the candid voice of his narrator, Fitzgerald observes the world of the Jazz Age and absorbs the reader in its beauty, recklessness, light, music, and superficiality."
"I can't begin to say how much I enjoyed this book! Classic writing at its best. Such a beautifully written book. Gatsby will take you to the time and place of the era. Read and let yourself be immersed in the life, the parties, and the sound of the big-band era."
"I read this book when I was younger in school and failed to appreciate it but the movie sparked my interest again, and I was amazed at how perfectly Fitzgerald captured how it feels to be human. To be ""within and without"". It has my full recommendation."
"I had heard much about this book but had never (unbelieveably) read anything by Fitzgerald. Decided to start and because of the movie (I plan on seeing) I decided to start with this one. The story was great, the writing spectacular and the outcome unexpected."
"I cannot say it is spellbinding, but for its purpose, it served.  The rich had not much more to do than be decadent and engaged in self-serving behavior.  Money was everything and got them anything they desired never minding the destruction it laid on others."
"The Great Gatsby is one of the best books I've ever read. Originally, I read it back in my Junior year of high school years ago. I recently bought it again because I just love it so much. This book is one of, if not the absolute best, book I've ever read."
"A Masterpiece!  Even more relevant to our times now than it was in 1925.  One must read ""Gatsby"" word by glorious word to take in the impact of this craftspersonship.  Fitzgerald did not waste a word, of those he chose,  from the English language."
"awesome book, this is the best fiction work i have ever read, i highly recommend it.  This work is about love lost and romantic tragedy.  It really makes you feel for the main characters and the void in their hearts. If i saw the movie, i might just cry."
"As a thirteen year old boy growing up in a small town in Kansas this book changed my life.Reading it again as a lit major in college I got even more out of it.Now, as an adult my original copy is one of my most read, most treasured possesions."
"I haven't read it yet, but a quick look (through almost all pages), revealed a misedited ebook, with several types of editing errors. And there is NO illustrations at all, not even the cover showed here at the Amazon book's detail page. Ok, it's cheap, but it's not free. I'm gonna see for a return."
Kept waiting for something exciting to happen. Doesnt happen...So glad this wasn't one they made me read in high school. Catcher in the Rye and To Kill a Mockingbird were much more interesting. Still trying to figure out why Gatsby is so great.
"Gatsby's criminal activities have been downplayed if not largely ignored by literary critics, while, led by esteemed Yale Professor Harold Bloom, they have exaggerated his romantic side, doing a disservice to readers and students of literature. Fitzgerald complained ""that of all the reviews, even the most enthusiastic, not one had the slightest idea what the book was about,"" a condition that apparently has not changed.A close reading shows that Jay Gatsby was a bootlegger and then kingpin of a scam to sell worthless bonds in small towns and to gullible victims at his lavish parties. Indeed, the parties were for this purpose, NOT, as the proselytizing Bloom and his minions assert, ""solely to attract Daisy,"" a preposterous assertion for which there is virtually no support in the text (see item 7, below.) It is no wonder Fitzgerald was shaking his head.The evidence on the page is as follows:A--Nick sells bonds for a living and Gatsby tries repeatedly to recruit him to join his team to peddle bonds that are apparently counterfeit or stolen.B--Nick notices ""well-dressed"" Englishmen at the party whom Nick concludes are probably selling bonds.C--The owl-eyed man reveals that most of the patrons at the parties were brought there, suggesting they were solicited.D--Repeated references are made to ""Chicago,"" a city notorious during the 1920s as a center for organized crime, Al Capone in particular. Gatsby is repeatedly interrupted to take or make telephone calls, some from/to Chicago, ostensibly to coordinate bond scam activities.E--Nick intercepts a telephone call from Chicago intended for Gatsby about someone named Parke getting apprehended. (Ch. IX, p. 166) Nick, narrating:...Long Distance said Chicago was calling...the connection came through as a man's voice, very thin and far away.""This is Slagle speaking...""""Yes?"" The name was unfamiliar.""Hell of a note, isn't it? Get my wire?""""There haven't been any wires.""""Young Parke's in trouble,"" he said rapidly. ""They picked him up when he handed the bonds over the counter. They got a circular from New York giving 'em the numbers just five minutes before. What d'you know about that, hey? You never can tell in these hick towns---""""Hello?!"" I interrupted breathlessly. ""Look here--this isn't Mr. Gatsby. Mr. Gatsby's dead.""The proof that Gatsby is kingpin of a scam to sell stolen or counterfeit bonds is right here.Slagel is apparently Gatsby's underling, reporting that a member of their sales team, Parke, has been captured by authorities while attempting to deliver illicit bonds in a small Midwestern town, like the town Gatsby came from. ""The numbers"" refers to the list of serial numbers that would have been reported to authorities as stolen or counterfeit.Here in chronological order are the key events leading up to this climactic condemning telephone conversation.1--Ch. 1, p.3 (Nick, narrating): ...so I decided to go east and learn the bond business. Everybody I knew was in the bond business, so I supposed it could support one more single man.2--Ch. 3, p.42 (Nick notices the sales team at the party, strongly suggesting that purpose of the parties was to attract the affluent targets for fleecing) Nick, narrating:I was immediately struck by the number of young Englishmen dotted about; all well dressed, all looking a little hungry and all talking in low, earnest voices to solid and prosperous Americans. I was sure that they were selling something, bonds or insurance or automobiles. They were at least agonizingly aware of the easy money in the vicinity and convinced that it was theirs for a few words in the right key.""3--Ch. 3, p.44(The same scene, Nick and Jordan are in conversation with twins, one named Lucille.) Lucille speaks:""Gatsby. Somebody told me---""The two girls and Jordan leaned together confidentially.""Somebody told me they thought he killed a man once.""This is the first of several hints of a sinister side to Jay Gatsby.4--Ch. 3, p.46 (At the same party, in Gatsby's library, the observant owl-eyed man shows that the books haven't been read and reveals that most people have been solicited to come to the parties.) The owl-eyed man, addressing Nick and Jordan:""Who brought you?"" he demanded. ""Or did you just come? I was brought. Most people were brought.""Why pay to have people brought to a lavish party if you don't expect some benefit, such as the purchase of bonds by a liquored-up patron or two?5--Ch. 3, p.48 (Just after Gatsby introduces himself to Nick, he excuses himself to take a call from Chicago.) Nick, narrating: ...a butler hurried toward him with the information that Chicago was calling him on the wire. The mention of Chicago foreshadows a connection between Gatsby and organized crime.6--Ch. 4, p.71 (After introducing Nick to Wolfsheim, Gatsby excuses himself to make a phone call.) Nick, narrating:Suddenly he looked at his watch, jumped up, and hurried from the room, leaving me with Mr. Wolfsheim at the table.""He has to telephone,"" said Mr. Wolfsheim. following him with his eyes. ""Fine fellow, isn't he?""Why portray Gatsby as someone prone to telephone interruptions unless it's relevant to characterization or plot? He's not married, has no girlfriend of whom we're aware nor has he any children, whereas coordinating a field sales force would require frequent telephone contact.7--Ch. IV, p.79 (The only reference in the entire book as to a purpose for the parties is an offhand speculation by Jordan on the last page of Chapter IV after her private conference with Gatsby.) Jordan:""I think he half expected her to wander into one of his parties, some night,"" went on Jordan, ""but she never did.""""I think"" is a surmise, at best, and ""half-expected"" is anything but ""solely"" and a far cry from ""hoped."" This statement eliminates any romantic justification for the parties. If not for Daisy, what were they for? Taking into account the hints Fitzgerald has provided, bond peddling is the most likely reason.8--Ch. V, pp.82-83 (Gatsby's first attempt to recruit Nick to sell bonds) Gatsby:""--why, look here, old sport, you don't make much money, do you?""""Not very much.""This seemed to reassure him and he continued more confidently....And I thought that if you don't make very much--You're selling bonds, aren't you, old sport?""""Trying to.""""Well, this would interest you. It wouldn't take up much of your time... It happens to be a confidential sort of thing. ...You wouldn't have to do any business with Wolfsheim.""Gatsby's attempt to recruit Nick to sell bonds for him fails.9--Ch. 5, p.90 (While waiting for Daisy, Gatsby has been filling in some of his background and renews his recruitment offer to Nick.) Nick, narrating:When I asked him what business he was in he answered: ""That's my affair,"" before he realized that it wasn't an appropriate reply.""Oh, I've been in several things,"" he corrected himself.""I was in the drug business and then I was in the oil business. But I'm not in either one now."" He looked at me with more attention. ""Do you mean you've been thinking over what I proposed the other night?""Gatsby's second attempt to recruit Nick also fails.10--Ch. V, p. 93 (Gatsby has been showing Daisy and Nick around his mansion.) Nick, narrating:...I was going to ask to see the rubies when the phone rang, and Gatsby took up the receiver.""Yes... Well, I can't talk now... . I can't talk now, old sport. ... I said a small town... He must know what a small town is. ...Well, he's no use to us if Detroit is his idea of a small town... .""Here Gatsby appears to be coordinating the activities of someone targeting a small town, like the one Parke gets nabbed in in Chapter IX.11--Ch. VII, pp.133-134 (Nick, Jordan, Gatsby, Daisy and Tom are at the hotel, where Tom unmasks Gatsby as a criminal.) Tom (the ellipses are mine):""Who are you, anyhow? ...You're one of that bunch that hangs around with Meyer Wolfshiem. ...I've made a little investigation into your affairs.......He and this Wolfsheim bought up a lot of side street drug-stores ...and sold grain alcohol over the counter. ...That drug-store business was just small change,"" continued Tom slowly, ""but you've got something on now that Walter's afraid to tell me about.""Tom could only be referring to the sale of illicit bonds as revealed in the Chapter IX phone conversation with Slagel about Parke getting picked up.12--Ch. VII, p. 134 (The same scene, just after Tom's comment above.) Nick, narrating:Then I turned back to Gatsby--and was startled at his expression. He looked--and this is said in all contempt for the babbled slander of his garden--as if he had ""killed a man."" For a moment the set of his face could be described in just that fantastic way.As foreshadowed by one of his party-goers, now in the face of Tom's righteous condemnation Gatsby's criminal soul briefly shows through his glitzy social veneer. This spontaneous unmasking of his dark side, by Gatsby himself, is just what Daisy needs to make her decision to reject him.13--Ch. IX, p.170 (When Nick visits Woflsheim at ""the Swastika Holding Company"" to get him to attend Gatsby's funeral, four more rapid references are made to Chicago, again hinting at a link with organized crime.) Secretary (the ellipses are mine):""Nobody's in,"" she said. ""Mr. Wolfsheim's gone to Chicago. ...I can't get him back from Chicago, can I? ...When I say he's in Chicago, he's in Chicago.""Like clanging a bell, Chicago is used throughout the novel, 20 times to be exact, as a symbol to awaken readers to the possibility of criminal presence.In summary, Nick's observation of the sales team at Gatsby's party and the owl-eyed man's revelation that people were solicited strongly suggest the parties were for selling bonds. If not, what was their purpose? (And don't tell me to attract Daisy because we've already skewered that manufactured myth and identified its source, Professor Bloom.)Nick sells bonds for a living, and Gatsby tries to recruit him. Gatsby takes frequent telephones calls as if coordinating sales activities, two of which are from Chicago, a center for organized crime, and one climactic phone call (cited above) announces the sale of illicit bonds in small towns.Tom's investigation has uncovered some ""new business"" Gatsby's involved in that's much bigger than bootlegging, ostensibly the sale of illicit bonds.Wolfsheim is linked to Chicago by the unnamed secretary's comments. Wolfsheim can't attend the funeral. He keeps a low profile, ostensibly because the FBI was known during the 1920s to attend funerals to link mobsters with their cohorts.Fitzgerald provides the dots. It's up to the reader to connect them. This is far more than a glorified romance novel."
"Overall, F. Scott Fitzgerald’s The Great Gatsby was confusing, to say the least. The story is about a man from Minnesota, Nick Carraway, who moves to West Egg on Long Island and becomes next-door neighbors with the party king himself, Jay Gatsby. Across the water, there is East Egg- where Nick seems to belong rather than the West, mostly because of his friendships with those who live on East Egg. Essentially, Nick’s cousin Daisy and her husband Tom have Nick over for dinner one evening at their home on East Egg, where he then is introduced to Jordan Baker, and learns the details of Tom’s affair with a woman named Myrtle. Daisy and Jay Gatsby had an extensive history together, but separated, and hadn’t kept in contact until the night she and Nick attended one of his parties (which he threw nearly every weekend in his  priceless, yet emotionless mansion) and their love sparked back up. Obviously, due to Daisy’s being in a relationship with Tom, this initiated some tension between himself and Gatsby. Tom, as the author makes quite clear, is a raging hypocrite. He is involved in a rather committed affair himself, yet can’t stand the fact that his wife Daisy could possibly be disloyal to him. Later on, Myrtle is hit and killed by a car driven by Daisy- but Gatsby takes all the blame for her. Tom tells George (Myrtle’s husband) that the person who killed her was her secret lover, Gatsby, to cover his own tracks in a way. George then finds Gatsby, shoots him and then himself. Although I did enjoy the story, the author had a habit of spiraling down a winding staircase of details that proved later to be completely irrelevant. This lead to a lot of confusion, as he also skipped around from event to event, seeming to disregard the actual chronological order the events took place in. Also, there never seemed to be a climax. Each event just lead to another, and another, thus comprising the entire story. Everything was a rising event to a climax that just never occurred. Also, some of the characters were difficult to grasp and hard to imagine as real, especially Gatsby, because there was really nothing to him other than money. he had no personality, and in the real world even the richest of the rich have some sort of emotions from time to time. Despite some miscommunications from author to reader, the metaphors and underlying themes used were very straightforward and incredibly easy to detect. One of which being the drastic contrast between being rich beyond your wildest dreams and being human. In the story, Gatsby seemed to have it all, the mansion, the pool, the car, the extravagant parties- but one thing he was lacking was a soul. He was rarely even seen at his own parties, and as a neighbor to Nick Carraway, seemed to be a shell of a human, lacking real emotions and feelings (except when it came to Daisy). Which leads me to another symbol, the color yellow. Yellow represented the good, and the bad. Gatsby’s house, his car, and daisies themselves are yellow (Daisy was even referred to as the “golden girl” (Fitzgerald 99)  in chapter seven, because her voice seems to remind both Nick and Gatsby of money), and possessed wealth, love, and happiness. On the other hand, Dr. T.J. Eckleburg’s glasses which had seen so much death, were lined with a pale gold, and the color gold/yellow can also represent money- which at the end lead to the downfall of Gatsby, and restricted him from ever truly being “great.” Moreover, I didn’t really like the book. There was too much confusion and chaos what with hopping around from event to event quickly enough to make my head spin. If the author had communicated the events more thoroughly and spent less time on irrelevant details, it would have been far more enjoyable to read…  although it is possible that F.S. Fitzgerald wrote the book in a manner that reflected the function of his own brain as an isolated alcoholic- we may never know. If I were to recommend this book to a specific audience, it would probably be to the richest of the upper class, because I feel there is a valuable lesson to be learned from the shallowness and hollow characterization of the wealthy in this novel."
"As Joseph Conrad said ""We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us.""Oh Gatsby! Why couldn't you just let go of your planned life with Daisy?***Update***I keep thinking about Daisy's line ""I'm glad it's a girl. And I hope she'll be a fool - that's the best thing a girl can be in this world, a beautiful little fool.""When I first read this line, I thought it was such a stupid statement & that Daisy was such a fool. I mean who wishes ignorance on their daughter?The more I think about it, I think this statement alone helps me ""understand"" Daisy a little bit more.I can't even say how many times I've heard someone say ""That girl is too smart for her own good"" about me...what a nasty backhanded compliment!Would I rather be called a ""fool""? No, but I think it is interesting that still even today in 2013...women are often judged as either a ""fool"" or ""too smart for their own good"".I think Daisy understood this & realized that her daughter's life would be musch simpler if she were a fool & unaware of the way women were treated & thought of as opposed to being aware of the fact that the social environment didn't value intelligence in women. Instead women's looks & simplicity were valued...and in some instances today are still valued...more than intelligence.This line helped me realize that Daisy played the part of the fool in order to fit in & be accepted & not ""rock the boat"" even though she often knew what was really happening.This also helps me understand why or how she could just run away with Tom after the accident. She could do it by continuing to play the fool.I think she took playing the fool too far & I still think she was a coward for staying in a loveless marriage with a husband that always cheated on her...especially when she had a way out with a man that adored her...but this helps me understand her a little bit more."
"I believe the alchemy of time, place and the right talent and drive can create in an author the story and words to compose a portrait of truth and beauty that transcends time; a work of supreme art so rare and splendid that it is revered because our soul longs to be transported to the splendor of a moment in time and desires to be granted the providence to create something so divine that through it we may survive on this Earth forever.As rare and astounding as the art of Rembrandt, Renoir and Rodin, F. Scott Fitzgerald's short novel casts a spell on me in his painting Love, Truth, Mythology and Tragedy in words so poignant, eloquent and gorgeous that I, a mere mortal, cannot do them justice, so I must quote (though I typically prefer not to):“The loneliest moment in someone’s life is when they are watching their whole world fall apart, and all they can do is stare blankly.”***“In his blue gardens men and girls came and went like moths among the whisperings and the champagne and the stars.”***“His heart beat faster and faster as Daisy’s white face came up to his own. He knew that when he kissed this girl, and forever wed his unutterable visions to her perishable breath, his mind would never romp again like the mind of God. So he waited, listening for a moment longer to the tuning fork that had been struck upon a star. Then he kissed her. At his lips’ touch she blossomed like a flower and the incarnation was complete.”***“And as I sat there brooding on the old, unknown world, I thought of Gatsby’s wonder when he first picked out the green light at the end of Daisy’s dock. He had come a long way to this blue lawn, and his dream must have seemed so close that he could hardly fail to grasp it. He did not know that it was already behind him, somewhere back in that vast obscurity beyond the city, where the dark fields of the republic rolled on under the night.Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgastic future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that's no matter—tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther. . . . And one fine morning——So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.”***This is my favorite American novel."
"“The Great Gatsby” is the 1925 novel by American author F. Scott Fitzgerald. It is considered to be a modern classic and is Fitzgerald’s best known novel. The story is set in roaring twenties and is a wonderful portrait of the Jazz Age, complete with all the glitzy glamourful flappers, dandys and shiny cars. The story is written in first person narrative, from the point of view of character Nick Carraway – reflecting on the memories of his wealthy millionaire friend and neighbour Jay Gatsby. Carraway commences the novel with an explanation of how he has become cynical of people…but also how he considered Gatsby as an exception to the rule: “I’m inclined to reserve all judgments…after boasting this way of my tolerance, I come to the admission that it has a limit…Only Gatsby, the man who gives his name to this book, was exempt from my reaction — Gatsby, who represented everything for which I have an unaffected scorn.” Gatsby is described as something of a man-of-mystery throughout the book; a man of property, taste and intellect. Allusions are made of Gatsby’s shady origins - cousin to the Kaiser, a German spy, a bootlegger, a military man. He reveals at one point that he went to Oxford (an Oggsford man) but doubt is cast over this factoid. Gatsby throws huge opulent parties in his luxurious ostentatious home saying “I keep it always full of interesting people, night and day. People who do interesting things. Celebrated people.” Carraway observes Gatsby but can’t understand why the man surrounds himself with people while remaining behind the scenes. The story is both a love story and a tragedy on a Shakespearean scale. Gatsby amasses his wealth in an effort to create an opportunity to recapture the heart of his lost love “Daisy Buchanan” (a married woman/ married to the wrong man). He hopes that by throwing out the welcome mat to the entire city each night, with his wild parties, Daisy might eventually just stroll through his front door. And hope is one of the major themes of this novel, along with: the difference between classes, disparity of wealth, decadence, idealism excess and adultery. One of the ultimate sorrows of the novel is when the reader realises all the interesting people, are shallow and are simply leeching off Gatsby. An age old literary formula of “the woman, the lover, and the knave” are played out in this book. Star crossed lovers are obstructed by the complexity of their situations. Fitzgerald’s prose are a bit on the flowery side for my tastes – he tends to dance around his meaning – but this is a great yarn, a great novel and a must read."
"Of course, everyone remembers the parties.Few recollect the reference to ""The Rise of the Colored Empires,"" which Tom mentions early on in the story. Actually, the book was called ""The Rising Tide of Color against White World Supremacy,"" written in 1920 by a lecturer at Harvard by the name of Stoddard.The juxtaposition of the lawn parties with Tom's animus against ""The Rising Tide of Color"" is why The Great Gatsby is a great American novel. It certainly isn't a masterpiece because it's particularly well-written or well-structured. In fact, most of the story is self-absorbed, with the ""self"" not being terribly interesting. Nick is a Yalie on the make trying to sell bonds in New York. We've seen that before, had lunch with it many times, and weren't terribly impressed. Of course, many people love the description of the American manner and the voyeuristic view of early 20th Century American wealth. And I suppose we're supposed to draw some great moral distinction between Nick, the buttoned-down bond salesman, as against Gatsby, who is also a financier of sorts, but one who is more enterprising and vastly more successful.As the world evolves from American hegemony to a power structure that is more multi-polar, the tension that is at the core of The Great Gatsby is going to come alive in a way that is direct, daily and unavoidable. There is in fact a Rising Tide of Color. It's called the World, most of which originates in the Pacific and its (spiritual) tributaries from the Yalu to the Volga.  But perhaps I am losing you with this multi-polarity prattle, so I'll try to be clearer.  The morality represented by Gatsby wins.  I don't mean to say that America loves criminals, although at some level this is not untrue.  What I mean more fundamentally is that America seems to have decided consistent with the Universe that victory is beyond good and evil.The parties end in The Great Gatsby, and Gatsby lies in state, friendless except for Nick, who never really liked him very much. However, I don't think the real story as it unfolds in the 21st Century is going to end in such a lonely and decrepit manner.  Gatsby is great… but uncelebrated.  He is remembered… but unmourned.There is a Rising Tide. It is the future, and the party is only beginning.We… have grown stronger swimming against the tide, and our thoughts will light the way as we ready ourselves for the shore.  We abandon the past and the anguish of so much that is unforgiven.  We instead remember only five moments, each of them perfect and happy.  That will have to be enough for us.  Our consolation is that we go on.  …or something like that."
"The Great Gatsby book reviewOverall, i greatly enjoyed reading this book. My favorite thing about the book was how it was narrated  by Nick Caraway. One who is not considered "" one of them."" It gave the story more meaning because the events were described by  a more reliable character, rather than by one who may view the other characters as normal. The opinions were stated from a less biased opinion.  The book did also feel unique compared to the other books we read.  The overall meaning of the text was very deep. It made me really question and thing more about the American dream. I enjoy books that make me think, and I feel like it kept me curious and wondering the whole time. It incorporated big concepts such as love, social status, and satisfaction. it proves some misconceptions wrong, such as the common one of money bringing one happiness. Also, because there were multiple relationships going on between the different characters, the story line was deep. Nick and Gatsby, Gatsby and Daisy, Daisy and Tom, Tom and Myrtle, and so on. All of these intertwining connections made the story line complicated, and thus more interesting to read about.  Gatsby was also a different character. He is mysterious and unexpected, which helped to keep the readers anticipating  what happens next.  I enjoyed  how the  book contained several details that helped me to clearly visualize the scenes in my mind. I felt like I was in the 1920s. One thing i  did disliked about the book was the lack of suspense until the ending . It was interesting reading through the book, but it wasn't suspenseful enough. I felt myself losing interest at some points.  But all in all, The Great Gatsby  seems to me like one of those books that stick in the memories of individuals because of its dramatic ending and deep meaning."
"The Great Gatsby is a literary classic that will withstand the test of time through its uncommon rags to riches story. In the beginning of the story, F. Scott Fitzgerald illustrates the life of wealthy people living in the roaring twenties. His distinct style makes the lifestyle of Jay Gatsby seem appealing. The reader will soon realize that hidden behind the glamorous clothes, lavish parties, and flashy cars are just empty individuals. Much like the author and many people in today’s society, Jay Gatsby tries to use his pursuit of success and acceptance as a way to find happiness and revive his love with Daisy. The characters in this novel are flawed because they use dishonesty and greed in order to gain wealth. This novel is not just a tragic love story; it also shows the departure of society from the belief that the American dream is only achieved by working hard.This novel is significant because it made me re-evaluate my life. I began thinking about whether I am striving for a life full of money or happiness. The story of Jay Gatsby makes it clear that money can’t buy friends, happiness, or love.  I realized that everyone at some point in their life would have to decide if they are going to work towards their goals in an honest manner, or be dishonest like the characters in the story. Nick Carraway is used as the non-biased narrarator of the story who points out the dishonesty of the other characters. Unfortunately we don’t learn his story and how he became an honest man. This forces the readers to find out how to hold on to good values for themselves. The plot was excellent, but I found that the lessons I learned from the story made it unforgettable. The Great Gatsby is the type of novel that will cause readers to stay up late at night questioning how people today achieve the American dream."
"The Great Gatsby, a fictional novel written by Scott Fitzgerald in 1925, is perhaps one of the greatest classics of twentieth-century literature as well as the greatest achievement of Fitzgerald's career. It is a brilliant mix of romance and tragedy interwoven with an intricately crafted tale of the American society in the 1920s. Its engaging story, complex social themes, and memorable character portrayals have mesmerized the readers for almost a century.Many fiction books are merely for entertainment, but The Great Gatsby simultaneously entertains and informs its audience. It is a novel that combines the pleasures of the literary fiction with the American history. The Great Gatsby follows the  story of Daisy, her rustic husband Tom, and her wealthy former lover, Gatsby, whose mysterious personality and extravagant parties are a source of gossip. The entire story is narrated by Nick Carraway, a World War veteran who spends a summer in a rental house surrounded by the lavish mansions of his cousin Daisy. Over the course of the novel, Nick becomes caught up in the mechanism of many romantic triangles and acquires mature understanding of the life on the prosperous East Coast. The novel is set in the prosperous Long Island in 1920s, and it accurately depicts the social history of America in the roaring 20s. The era, particularly known for prosperity, jazz music, flapper culture and illegal activities is criticized by Fitzgerald in this novel.The engaging plot and fast paced writing excites the reader and makes it a thrilling adventure. Fitzgerald's description of rekindling of love between Daisy and Gatsby is fabulous--“His heart beat faster and faster as Daisy’s white face came up to his own. He knew that when he kissed this girl, and forever wed his unutterable visions to her perishable breath, his mind would never romp again like the mind of God... Then he kissed her"". It was also exciting to read about the extravagant parties ""where the lights grow brighter as the earth lurches away from the sun"" and the tension between Tom and Daisy. You can almost feel the exuberance of the parties as well as long lasting sadness due to the conflicts between the characters. The true essence of the novel comes not only from its plot, but also from its dynamic characters who handle themselves into complex situations.Fitzgerald uses characters as symbolic representations of the social trends in the 1920s. There are many characters, but one of the most dynamic is the title character himself-Jay Gatsby, who is the epitome of the Great American Dream. He is a self-made men who achieved the American dream of rising from the lower to upper class of the society, though by illegal means. The Great Gatsby introduces several themes that truly characterizes the American society in the 1920s. Fitzgerald portrays the roaring 20s as a decade of unprecedented prosperity, but he also describes it as a decade of decadence. The theme of social class is depicted throughout the novel which shows the development of class rivalry between “old” and “new” money due to minute differences.The language of the novel is accessible to both high school and college students. But, Fitzgerald's use of rhetorical devices such as symbolism could only be understood if one analyzes and reads critically. Since so many social issues are addresses in the novel, I believe this book appeals to a wide audience as many can make some personal connections with the characters and their struggles. I highly recommend this book to everyone before watching the movie."
"The Great Gatsby is a well-written narrative. The author uses some foreshadowing and provides some peeks backward during the book. Jay Gatsby is presented as a man of mystery who gives the most lavish parties. West Egg is a rich community where neighbors try to outdo each other in garrulous displays of wealth. Gatsby lives like a king for a time and he is the toast of the town. Underneath the grandeur, trouble is simmering. Many of the characters in the book are living in the fast lane and breaking all the rules.Marital relationships are not honored and many are having affairs. Tom Buchanan has a nice life with wife Daisy. The relationship has gone sour despite a child. Tom is abusive and has an affair with Myrtle Wilson. The two get in an argument and he slugs her. Buchanan has reactionary ideas about racial hierarchy and he is a villian in the book. Gatsby was Daisy's former beau and he has designs on winning her heart.Nick Carraway is the narrator who gets caught up in the mess. He watches the various train wrecks unfold. He is interested in a female golf pro Jordan Baker, but he is more of a passive observer in the action. Gatsby is his neighbor who confides in him and Nick gradually learns about his past. Gatsby was once a man of little means who was fortunate enough to befriend a wealthy benefactor. This gave Gatsby his start and Jay got involved in some organized crime pursuits on his way to the top.Gatsby had a mercurial rise and fall. He was frustrated in his attempt to get Daisy to leave Tom. Daisy ran over Tom's mistress in a sportscar. Gatsby defended her and took the hit on that rap. Mr. Wilson confronted Gatsby because he thought it was he who ran over his spouse. Jay killed Mr. Wilson and the novel ends with Gatsby losing everything.The story is compelling and interesting. Fitzgerald's characters were morally bankrupt while many were quite successful in material ventures. Gatsby was a brave soldier in World War I, but he did not display the same kind of character in ammassing a fortune and living in selfish hedonism. The community as whole were disillusioned. None of the social relationships are healthy. Even the hallowed bonds of matrimony were not exempt. Fitzgerald makes one question whether unbridled materialism can be fulfilling. Most of the characters are swallowed up by the excesses of the day."
"The Great Gatsby by F.Scott Fitzgerald is the intriguing story of multi-millionaire Jay Gatsby, seen in the eyes of Nick Carraway, the narrator of the story. It is set in the Jazz Age, a time in American history when jazz music and dance became popular. The plot mainly revolves around the love-triangle between Jay Gatsby, Daisy Buchanan, and Tom Buchanan. Most of the book is focused on Gatsby's goal of getting Daisy to be his wife. His goals only end up causing him to die after a series of unfortunate events. While reading through The Great Gatsby, I could not help but feel sorry for the pitiful character of Jay Gatsby. His thoughts had become so deluded, that the only thing that he thought about was Daisy. This becomes apparent when he spoke as if Daisy's reaction was the only thing that mattered after they had run over Myrtle. To me, Jay Gatsby embodies the hollowness of the American dream. He was rich, young, handsome, and successful, yet his dreams ended in failure. I loved how the book was set in Nick's perspective instead of any other person in the story. His position as a bystander to the plot and his down-to-earth personality really allows readers to empathize with him. It makes you feel as if you were within that time period, dealing with the problems that Nick was facing. I also loved the fact that the book in general has incredible imagery, and that each sentence is written down to the last detail. With every page that I flipped, I not only learned more about the story, but also about the environment within the story. The book gave such elaborate descriptions that it really made me feel like I was part of the story. One example of this was when Nick listed the names of all the people who came to Gatsby's house during the summer. Little to none of them had the slightest significance in the story, but it put life into the text.  All of these elements mixed together so perfectly, which made me understand why The Great Gatsby is one of the greatest classics of all-time. I would recommend this book to anyone over the age of 14 with an interest in the Jazz Age, romance novels, or a combination of the two."
"The Great Gatsby is one of the most loved novels of all time. F. Scott Fitzgerald's masterpiece is written from the point of view of a narrator Nick Carraway in the 1920s. Nick has just moved to his new house in wealthy area of West Egg on Long Island. His neighbor, Jay Gatsby, appears to be a shady figure and throws huge parties every weekend in his mansion. Nick goes to lunch one day with his cousin Daisy and her husband Tom when he is introduced to a girl named Jordan with whom he becomes romantic. Some time passes and Nick receives an invitation to one of Gatsby's parties where he meets Gatsby himself and they become very friendly. Gatsby admits to Nick that he was in love with Daisy many years ago in Louisville and he wants to bring back their relationship although she is now married and asks Nick for help with getting to meet her again. Tom begins to be suspicious of his wife even though he is having an affair with Myrtle. He forces a confrontation in New York City and accuses Gatsby of doing illegal things for his fortune and sends him and Daisy back to West Egg. On the way, Gatsby and Daisy's car hits and kills Myrtle. Tom then goes to Gatsby's house and kills him and himself. Nick then ends his relationship with Jordan and moves back to the Midwest. This is no doubt The Great Gatsby is one of the greatest novels of all time and for good reason. The amount of detail that is put into every scene and every character is immeasurably perfect. This subject of writing was very critical of the time period and attempted to get a huge point across on the nature of people. Nick's nature was supposed to represent the good in people while Gatsby's was meant to be the greediness of people. Symbolism is also a big part of why the story is so important. For example, when Nick sees Gatsby reaching for the green light at the end of the dock, he is actually reaching for money and wealth represented by the color green. It also represents optimism. Another example of symbolism is the changes in weather. Rain is an indication that something bad is going to happen. For example, when Daisy and Gatsby first meet it is raining but as they get more comfortable with each other the sun comes out. Another reason that this novel is so deep is the character development. People speculate that Gatsby has gone to Oxford and that he has done other amazing things in his life and this adds to his mysteriousness. Later on, it becomes known that Gatsby is actually a college dropout from Nebraska who learned his money-making skills from the copper mogul Dan Cody. His habitual lying develops Gatsby's personality as being immoral. I would recommend this book to other readers because it provides an interesting point of view on the world through the eyes of Nick Carraway. It has a strong message about human nature and contains deep symbolism that will provides a true metaphor for ourselves."
"After watching the visually beautiful movie The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald I felt compelled to read the novel.  Searching online for the best deal on a legitimate website I happened to come across amazon.com for the best deal.  For the incredible low price of six dollars and sixty-seven cents you can purchase a terrific story about a man doing everything he can to win back a long lost lover.  The book was hands down phenomenal keeping my attention to the very last sentence.  The novel was driven by symbolism, romanticism, and well written tragedy.  This novel has countless symbols and messages that explain relations between rich and poor.  The most famous message would have to be ""rich girls don't marry poor boys"" which is ironically found in the first movie adaption.  This movie is a perfect gift for anybody who wants to enjoy a beautifully illustrated story that shares how wealth affects the poor.  I personally think this movie has an indirect relation to the one percent and ninety percent wall street battle. The novel really focused on character development which brings you into the story. I absolutely loved reading F Scott. Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby from the first sentence to the last.  This book was so deep and emotional with I felt an unexplainable connection with the characters.  I reread the novel three times and watch the movie twice because it was just that good.  I submerged myself in tragic and romantic story about one man blinded by love willing to do anything to reconnect with a former flame.  All of my close friends and family honestly love reading this book after I recommend The Great Gatsby.  As soon as I received my online ordered novel book I couldn't put it down.  Each day my nose would be deep into the pages until I was completely finished.  Scott Fitzgerald fully grasped my attention a completely original masterpiece.  I envy F. Scott Fitzgerald for having the effort and ability to write such a perfect book that reached more than millions of people.  As you can most likely tell I very much enjoyed reading this deep and awe inspiring story and would recommend it to everyone. The Great Gatsby has received much well deserved attention in all of its movie deals, awards, and even as a reading assignment at the high school level.  This phenomenal story has received an extensive amount of attention from coast to coast.  F Scott Fitzgerald owns the title of literary genius.  Oprah Whinfrey has even read this popular book and had been chosen for her book club in the past.  This tremendous story is loved by many and enjoyed by all.  Big time actors were jumping for the chance to be a part of The Great Gatsby movie, for example the Leonardo Dicaprio.  If there are two large production movies on it you know it has to be good.  Hands down this novel is proudly recognized as one of the greatest stories ever told in American literature. The Great Gatsby is such a terrific novel for such a low price on Amazon.  This story is filled with universal messages of wealth and poverty.  This portrays how the less fortunate value and worship the rich, but the same idolization is not returned.  After tragedy strikes a two of the main characters pack their bags and leave the city without concern nor empathy.  One message conveyed that peaked my own  interest is that ""rich girls don't marry poor boys"".  This made me think about all the famous relationships and power couples in Hollywood .  The Great Gatsby is truly a unique story that encourage everyone to purchase.  If I had to rate this story it would get five out of five stars in my eyes"
"""Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgastic future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that's no matter -- tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther... And one fine morning -- So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.""This was possibly the only novel that I've read twice: its English prose is so concise, so beautiful, so symbolic, and so dreamy that it really puts you in a good, movie-like, mode.And beside the beautiful prose, there are fresh colors everywhere: Daisy's ""golden"" hair and ""silver""-ish cloth, Gatsby's pink suits, the green light and the blue one, the yellow car, the green tickets, the gold-hatted lovers, windows with reflected sunshine gold, the foamy pink and golden clouds, and it just goes on and on.I won't tell you it's a classic ""must read"", you'll have to judge that by your own. Just enjoy the quoted novel prose below, they're just beautiful, even on their own:Daisy's voice: ""It was the kind of voice that the ear follows up and down, as if each speech is an arrangement of notes that will never be played again. Her face was sad and lovely with bright things in it, bright eyes and a bright passionate mouth, but there was an excitement in her voice that men who had cared for her found difficult to forget: a singing compulsion, a whispered 'Listen,' a promise that she had done gay, exciting things just a while since and that there were gay, exciting things hovering in the next hour.""Jordan's face: ""The last sunshine fell with romantic affection upon her glowing face; her voice compelled me forward breathlessly as I listened -- then the glow faded, each light deserting her with lingering regret, like children leaving a pleasant street at dusk.""The cat: ""The silhouette of a moving cat wavered across the moonlight, and turning my head to watch it ... fifty feet away a figure had emerged from the shadow of my neighbor's mansion and was standing with his hands in his pockets regarding the silver pepper of the stars ... it was Mr. Gatsby himself, come out to determine what share was his of our local heavens.""Gatsby's party: ""The lights grow brighter as the earth lurches away from the sun, and now the orchestra is playing yellow cocktail music, and the opera of voices pitches a key higher... The moon had risen higher, and floating in the Sound was a triangle of silver scales, trembling a little to the stiff, tinny drip of the banjoes on the lawn.""Gatsby's smile and obsession with winning people over: ""It was one of those rare smiles with a quality of eternal reassurance in it, that you may come across 4 or 5 times in life. It faced--or seemed to face--the whole external world for an instant, and then concentrated on you with an irresistible prejudice in your favor. It understood you just so far as you wanted to be understood, believed in you as you would like to believe in yourself, and assured you that it had precisely the impression of you that, at your best, you hoped to convey.""Great bridge: ""Over the great bridge, with the sunlight through the girders making a constant flicker upon the moving cars, with the city rising up across the river in white heaps and sugar lumps all built with a wish out of non-olfactory money. The city seen from the Queensboro Bridge is always the city seen for the first time, in its first wild promise of all the mystery and the beauty in the world.""Daisy: ""'Is this absolutely where you live, my dearest one?' The exhilarating ripple of her voice was a wild tonic in the rain. I had to follow the sound of it for a moment, up and down, with my ear alone, before any words came through. A damp streak of hair lay like a dash of blue paint across her cheek, and her hand was wet with glistening drops as I took it to help her from the car.""The window scene: ""The rain was still falling, but the darkness had parted in the west, and there was a pink and golden billow of foamy clouds above the sea. 'Look at that,' she whispered, and then after a moment: 'I'd like to just get one of those pink clouds and put you in it and push you around.'""The rich and the poor: ""All the lights were going on in West Egg now; the electric trains, men-carrying, were plunging home through the rain from New York. It was the hour of a profound human change, and excitement was generating on the air' One thing's sure and nothing's surer. The rich get richer and the poor get-- children In the meantime, in between time--""That beautiful voice: ""Daisy began to sing with the music in a husky, rhythmic whisper, bringing out a meaning in each word that it had never had before and would never have again. When the melody rose, her voice broke up sweetly, following it, in a way contralto voices have, and each change tipped out a little of her warm human magic upon the air.""The golden girl: ""'Her voice is full of money,' he said, suddenly. That was it. I'd never understood before. It was full of money--that was the inexhaustible charm that rose and fell in it, the jingle of it, the cymbals' song of it... high in a white palace the king's daughter, the golden girl...""The rich and the poor, again: ""She had caught a cold, and it made her voice huskier and more charming than ever, and Gatsby was overwhelmingly aware of the youth and mystery that wealth imprisons and preserves, of the freshness of many clothes, and of Daisy, gleaming like silver, safe and proud above the hot struggles of the poor.""And finally, on getting older: ""I was thirty. Before me stretched the portentous, menacing road of a new decade. Thirty-- the promise of a decade of loneliness, a thinning list of single men to know, a thinning brief-case of enthusiasm, thinning hair. But there was Jordan beside me, who, unlike Daisy, was too wise ever to carry well-forgotten dreams from age to age."""
"Like most Americans, I was assigned ""The Great Gatsby"" in high school. Though on paper it wasn't that long ago, enough time had passed that I didn't really remember much of the book. I remember debates about the symbolism of Daisy's white dress and the green light at the end of her dock, but beyond that, it either went over my head or didn't stick around long enough to be remembered. When the movie first began to make waves, I realized it was time to go back to the book (still haven't seen the film version) and see what it is, exactly, that makes this work so important to the American literary canon.Nick Carraway is a young man from the Midwest who has moved to New York to learn the bond business after the end of World War I. After taking a house in West Egg on Long Island, he is intrigued by his new neighbor, the mysterious Jay Gatsby. Gatsby's parties are famous, with more people stopping by than anyone could conceivably know, and it is truly the embodiment of the Roaring Twenties. Shocked that Gatsby himself is the same age as Nick, the former convinces the latter to introduce him to Nick's second cousin, Daisy Buchanan, who lives in the nearby town of East Egg with her husband, Tom. It seems that Daisy and Gatsby knew each other several years earlier, and Gatsby is eager to renew the acquaintance.Nick is thrown into the world of Daisy, Gatsby, Tom, and their friend, golfer Jordan Baker. Through knowing these high-flying individuals, he spends time getting drunk in apartments in New York City, helping conceal an extra-marital affair, attemps to both promote and prevent another one, and is an eyewitness to a horrible tragedy.As a student, the true value of the work escaped me. In some cases, teachers have the ability to hide the forest for the trees, and I was so caught up in the symbolic details of the book that I missed the story altogether. It's only in the last chapter that one can really see Fitzgerald's aim in this novel. It's not about the Roaring Twenties as such; rather, it's about the illusions that individuals offer to the world in place of who they actually are as people. When it's all said and done, Nick finds that he is one of only two people who actually knew Gatsby, the man, as opposed to the legend that lived next door.It's nice to come back to books that you have read before and re-discover them, and I am very glad I picked up ""The Great Gatsby"". I now have a new respect for Fitzgerald's writing that I don't think I was capable of as a sixteen year-old, and it's made me eager to keep reading more."
"The audiobook of ""The Great Gatsby"" is excellent! This is an excellent and well-done audiobook, excellently performed / read by Jake Gyllenhaal & excellently written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Great timing in release of the movie that has become one of the biggest blockbuster hits of the summer season and possibly, of the year, as well.Track Listings Of The 4 Discs:The Great Gatsby: Disc 1Chapter 1:Track 01  1:05Track 02  5:18Track 03  5:57Track 04  6:02Track 05  5:27Track 06  5:12Track 07  6:36Chapter 2:Track 08  6:12Track 09  6:46Track 10  5:58Track 11  5:40Chapter 3:Track 12  6:27Track 13  6:38Track 14  0:40Total Time: 73:50The Great Gatsby: Disc 2Track 01  0:32Track 02  4:12Track 03  5:39Track 04  4:39Track 05  5:52Chapter 4:Track 06  4:34Track 07  5:34Track 08  3:56Track 09  5:42Track 10  6:14Track 11  5:13Chapter 5:Track 12  6:26Track 13  6:55Track 14  3:54Track 15  3:58Track 16  0:37Total Time: 73:52The Great Gatsby: Disc 3Track 01  0:29Track 02  3:44Chapter 6:Track 03  4:25Track 04  5:11Track 05  4:50Track 06  4:59Track 07  4:51Chapter 7:Track 08  6:57Track 09  5:10Track 10  5:15Track 11  5:11Track 12  4:59Track 13  5:11Track 14  5:10Track 15  7:01Track 16  0:35Total Time: 73:49The Great Gatsby: Disc 4Track 01  0:27Track 02  4:03Track 03  4:21Chapter 8:Track 04  6:27Track 05  7:06Track 06  6:49Track 07  6:37Chapter 9:Track 08 5:04Track 09  5:12Track 10  5:04Track 11  5:09Track 12  5:32Track 13  5:31Track 14  1:42Total Time: 69:01"
"I don't strongly hate this book, but I don't love it. I'm an avid reader, but not often do I find a book that leaves me with a bored apathy. If you are reading this for fun and not for a school assignment like I had to, please don't buy this book.First of all, the characters didn't appeal to me at all. The characters were bland and two-dimensional, and it was hard for me to differentiate between characters. They're all vastly rich, and deeply shallow. One of the most important things about the characters is their wealth and social status. In one scene, the narrator laments over the apparently poor condition of his towels. Towels! I was hoping, from the description of the book, that the story would be more... interesting. There are a few scenes where the characters argue, but this is the only time that I felt like they were real people. Yet ""The Great Gatsby"" overall contained people going to each other's mansions to drink and gossip. I thought the story might be more emotional, like a soap opera, but it seemed too bland for me.Secondly, the stereotypical treatment of the wealthy. Fitzgerald seems to summarize the rich as people who spend lavishly, drink often, and lack the basic emotions or respect for things and people around them to enjoy life. For example, a funeral that no one attends. The characters aggravated me in their simplicity and ignorance. Forgive me for making assumptions, but this sounds like a political metaphor for the evils of the rich and the American Dream. It saddens me to think of how this story tainted these principles.Finally, the vast amounts of crime and sin. It surprised me that this book contained multiple affairs, several murders, and a suicide. The Great Gatsby didn't seem that great; just like a man with the wealth and eloquence to be socially acceptable.Overall, I found the book dull and boring, with the occasional twinge of upset over the treatment of both the characters and myself, the reader. If you want the overall message, here it is in one sentence: the rich are shallow and thin, and it is obvious that capitalism won't lead to happiness, and the American Dream is an outdated sham. I didn't agree with the themes in the book, but if you disagree with me, feel free to pick it up. Just don't say I didn't warn you."
"The Great Gatsby is one of the most riveting and life changing novels I have ever read.  Even though it is set in the past it holds a lot of view on our world perspective.  The book is written from the perspective of Nick Carraway.  He was educated at Yale and had recently fought in World War I.  The story begins with Nick moving to West Egg, the rich part of Long Island.  Nick wants to learn more on the upcoming industry of stock trading.  He finds out that he is living next door to the mysterious, rich philanthropist, Jay Gatsby.  Nick has his connections of the East Egg and he begins to gain trust with his cousin, Daisy, who lives there.  Nick is told of the magnificent parties that are held at Mr. Gatsby's house.  Within the month he is invited to Mr. Gatsby's and he soon becomes friends with him.  Gatsby meets Jordan and recalls the love they had before the war and they begin to see each other again.  Tom, Daisy's husband, begins to be suspicious of the time that Daisy is spending with Gatsby.  Even though Tom has an extramarital affair, he claims that he loves Daisy.  In addition, Daisy admits that she loves Gatsby.  Tom confronts Gatsby and exposes his criminal activity.  Following that, Daisy decides that her allegiance belonged to Tom.  On the drive home Gatsby kills Tom's lover, Myrtle, in a car accident. Myrtle's husband, George, finds out it was Gatsby and kills him. Following the death of Gatsby, all of Gatsby's crimes are released to the public and no one attends his funeral except for Nick.  Nick loses faith in humanity and as a result returns home to the Midwest.I myself found this novel to be very interesting because of the differences we see now.  We see that the American dream of lower class people becoming rich is almost not possible within the terms of the law.  I feel like this is still very true today.  One thing that stands out to me even more is the fact that Gatsby was no longer accepted after his secret was revealed.  Gatsby was an amazing man even though he had made a living bootlegging.  This book taught me that people can be extremely selfish when it comes to money."
"The PaperBack Scribner copy of The Great Gatsby that I ordered the other day has made reading the book a much more pleasant experience than reading the hardcover Everbind copy I was given in school. Everbind seems to purposely make holding their books to be the most irritating experience. It takes force to keep the pages open since the cover is heavy and the books themselves are uncomfortably tall and skinny. The gawky shape and the fact that it is a school copy, which I cannot write in, encouraged me to order a softer copy of my own.I’ll begin with the cover, one of the most satisfying aspects of the book. The classic uncompleted face on the dark blue background is all the more smooth and relaxing just from the touch of it. It is paper, though from running my finger across it it feels like a table -- not unlike the bedside one I put it down on when I am done reading for the night. The back of the book, which is just as smooth as the front, keeps up the color scheme of orange from the title. One of three color divided sections has a black and white profile of Fitzgerald with his back slightly turned, as if to say “It’s done” with satisfaction. And I’m sure I will be satisfied from reading this copy. The size of the book also happens to be perfect. It is not tall and thin, but it is a medium-sized naturally proportioned book. The font is also easy and comfortable to read so I’m not getting frustrated from reading one page for ten minutes because of how small it is, nor am I turning the page after every other word. Scribner’s Gatsby is wonderful and everything I want and would expect a book to provide. The only flaw: its statement “Now a Major Motion Picture” on the top. They worked so hard at making a proper book, why remind us to watch the movie instead?"
"The Great Gatsby is narrated by Nick Carraway, neighbor to Gatsby and cousin to Daisy Buchanan. Gatsby has been in love with Daisy for many years, ever since they met just before he left for war. He wasn't able to support her so she married a man named Tom Buchanan. Gatsby spent years making his fortune and planning to win Daisy back. He enlisted the help of Nick, when Nick moved in next door, and the two men became very close friends. Gatsby's road to happiness wasn't always easy, as events took a dramatic turn leading to the tragic conclusion.  I enjoyed The Great Gatsby; it was a very well written book. The author F. Scott Fitzgerald described each scene with such accuracy and emotion that it came alive in the readers mind, and evoked intense emotion. I was able to visualize every part of the book and it really helped me to get involved in the story. This book is a classic and it is pretty clear as to why. The typical love story is taken to a new obsessive level with Gatsby's intense passionate love for Daisy. The readers themselves become obsessed with this passionate love story. They are left longing for a love like that for themselves.  The setting of the story also greatly contributes to the high emotions and intensity of the story. It is set in the nineteen-twenty's a time of prohibition, economic depression, and raging parties. The culture portrayed in the book is full of life and freedom; however, not really touched upon greatly in the book The Great Gatsby focuses in on the classy rich population and the extravagant parties they threw, somewhat ignoring that hardships that the rest of the U.S. was dealing with at the time. Although I think The Great Gatsby was a very well written, intoxicating book, I also think that the author could have included a few examples of people who were facing the Great Depression head on. This may have helped the reader to really understand the inequality at that point in time and even view the whole story in a new way."
"I came across this 1991 definite textually accurate edition of a classic of 20th century literature, through my grandson who had to do an essay in his junior high school year.  I had until September to get it back to the school library.I start with the last quote of the book, given to us by Nick Carraway:  ""Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgastic future that year by year recedes before us.  It eluded us then, but that's no matter__tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther...And one fine morning___So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.""""The Pursuit of Happiness""Jay Gatz on leave from his post in The Great War, wanders into Louisville, Kentucky and meet the attractive Daisy, rich, unmarried, free as a butterfly.  They fall in love.  He leaves her to fight overseas with the intention of returning with his fortune made and expecting Daisy to wait for him.After being discharged from his military duties, he is delayed at Oxford and returns to Louisville to find Daisy married to Tom Buchanan a very wealthy over zealous mid-westerner.Realizing that he has to change his vision and image of himself to win Daisy back. He makes his millions through some shady undertakings and proceeds to popularize himself by giving extravagant parties in the hope of one day seeing Daisy again. Jay Gatz changes his name to Jay Gatbsy.Enter Nick Carraway, cousin to Daisy.  Carraway is not living the live of the rich and famous and rents a small cottage abutting Gatsby's mansion.Gatsby's plan emerges as he befriends Carraway for the main purpose of using him as a pawn to get Daisy to Carraway's cottage for tea.  Gatsby and Daisy have not seen one another in 5 years.The romance is re-kindled and by this time Daisy and Tom have a young daughter that Gatsby is not aware of. The love triangle is in full force and Tom Buchanan for some time has had a mistress of his own.The story has all the elements of life in the 1920's.  The rich, the downtrodden, the moochers, romance, unfaithfulness, tragedy and the humor of watching all unfold through the eyes of Carraway.""The Party is Over""When tragedy strikes, this is when you realize how many friends you have, if any?  Who is willing to stand by you?  Who is willing to share the burdens?  Who is willing to feel your pain?  This is the true test of friendship.  This is where Gatsby has to face reality and yet, he is still looking for the silver lining through the dark clouds."
"Jay Gatsby-- Where do I start with poor Gatsby? Was he in love or was he just so driven by a single dream that it ruined him in the end? One thing I know for sure is that Daisy did not deserve him. He was a delightful man-- all politeness and formalities yet at the same time mysterious. Nick says this of Gatsby when they first meet and I think it's an accurate description of Gatsby's character:""He smiled understandingly-- much more than understandingly. It was one of those rare smiles with a quality of eternal reassurance in it, that you may come across four of five times in a life. It faced-- or seemed to face-- the whole eternal world for an instant, and then concentrated on you with an irresistible prejudice in your favor. It understood you just as far as you wanted to be understood, believed in you as you would like to believe in yourself, and assured you that it had precisely the impression of that, at your best, you hoped to convey.""One thing said about America is that you can become whatever you want to be if you only work hard enough. Gatsby attains this, granted not honestly, but attain it he does however it is all done for a singular goal: to win Daisy back. The man comes within a fingertips reach only to watch it slide out of his fingers and explode.""The loneliest moment in someone's life is when they are watching their whole world fall apart, and all they can do is stare.""He was an enigma, a man possessed and one doomed from the very beginning.Daisy Buchanan-- I wanted to like Daisy even though she was vain and naive. I saw the beauty in her character-- a woman who treated life as a song. She had a brightness about her that seemed to radiate sunlight and through her naivety she possessed a child like wisdom, which is often quite wise. She says this that struck a chord with me and turned me towards liking her:""I'm glad it's a girl. And I hope she'll be a fool-- that's the best thing a girl can be in this world, a beautiful fool.""However, I can't forgive her for Gatsby. She loved him, I don't deny that but she broke him and had no trouble walking away from the mess. Every time we see Daisy she is clad in white which is a fitting color for her. It portrays all the things that encompass who she is: vain, naive and thoughtless.""They were careless people, Tom and Daisy-- they smashed up things and creatures and then retreated back into their money or their vast carelessness or whatever it was that kept them together, and let other people clean up the mess they had made.""Review of the Story:The story is not one I enjoyed particularly. I know it is the great American novel but I feel that's due to Fitzgerald's prose and not the actual story. The pacing is slow due to the constant back and forth shifts in time, making it hard to follow and honestly it felt like watching a sad story only get more and more sad with each page. It was depressing and not fun to watch play out.Review of the Writing:This. The writing is the reason why I will be recommending this book to everyone! Fitzgerald's prose is beautiful and his ability to weave in symbols and such is a skill envied by many. I particularly love this piece:“Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgastic future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that's no matter--tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther.... And one fine morning-- So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.”His writing not only translates to today's time but exudes a vibrancy that stands out from other novels. He makes use of his fine skill and touches on several things within his short novel such as the comparison between West and East Egg. East Egg represented the eastern side of the world, the elder part where tradition is praised while West Egg represented the new world on the western side where status and money did not necessarily go hand in hand. Opportunities are what define money, not status. He also uses colors to represent several things also, the main one is the green that symbolizes money and greed. It's amazing how much he packed in this little novel but what's even more amazing is that it never once overwhelms you.Rating:While I didn't completely fall in love with this novel I have to recommend it purely for the sake of exposing you all to F. Scott Fitzgerald's writing. His beautiful prose is one that will resonate with you and leave you in awe. Read The Great Gatsby and get lost in the words."
"The Great Gatsby is about a mysterious man by the name of Jay Gatsby who seems protects his true identity through an abundance of secrets. This story is based in New York on the West Egg and East Egg coasts; upper-class luxury at its finest. The time period is set in the 1920s. Economic status was booming in the 1920s, and people took every opportunity to flaunt their money if they had it. Looking back on this time period the image of flapper girls, bold jewelry, slicked hair, and lots of money flow through your mind. Gatsby is known for the glorious mansion owned by this man completely alone. Although he lived alone, the people of New York completely submerged themselves into this mansion for his wild parties. The entire city would’ve killed to get to experience one of Gatsby’s ritzy parties. His reasoning and purpose behind all he does is for love.  Can a long lost love be picked up where it left off? According to Gatsby, “Can’t repeat the past?…Why of course you can!” Only reading this book will reveal the true answer behind this mystery! This book completely stole my heart, and still remains my favorite book of all time. When I first read it in high school I loved it enough to pick it up again this summer! The amount of deep romance and mystery are just what this book needed to get me completely hooked! This isn’t one of your typical “chick-flick” romance books to where you can assume what happens in the end. My favorite part about it is the fact I had no expectation of how this book was actually going to end. I was completely on my toes the whole time, especially towards the end! My favorite quote in the entire book is this,  “He looked at her the way all women want to be looked at by a man.” Every girl would want to feel a man to feel as passionate about her as he does! Makes my heart just melt. Fitzgerald did an incredible job with the language in this book. The diction was so sharp and was very intriguing because he used a lot of words that you don’t really hear too often today. It really gave me the imagination that I was living through these characters in this time period. This book has a lot of dialogue that allows you to directly connect to the characters, especially Gatsby. Because he is lead on to be so mysterious and no one seems to know any truth about him, his further conversation and reasoning with others reveals his inner self slowly but surely. Not only did I enjoy the language aspect of the book, but I also loved the fact that Fitzgerald had the book reveal Nick Carraway’s inner conscious. Nick is really the outsider in the story who seems to get involved in every dilemma one way or another. Reading the book from his perspective kind of allowed me to develop a better understanding of each of the characters. Being on the outside like Nick, as a reader, really makes you feel like you are experiencing what he is though his eyes. The way he just is infatuated with the life Gatsby leads is very intriguing, and keeps you infatuated as well! Nick really sets the tone of this story for the most part. One of  my favorite quotes from him in the story is this, “I was within and without. Simultaneously enchanted and repelled by the inexhaustible variety of life.”  I love this quote because it really defines his character in the story, and even allows us to connect. We have all felt like outsiders at some point in our life. Life is ever changing and all you can do is go along with it as it moves on. If I had to complain about one thing, it would be how the story ended. It was a great ending due to the fact it was completely the opposite of what you think what would happen, but it wasn’t the way I had hoped it would end. You get so attached to the love story between Daisy and Jay that you are so shocked to discover the anterior motives behind these characters at the end. My point of view on these characters is just so let down because I had this “perfect” image of them stuck in my head. I learned in this book things may never turn out how we expect them to. I would recommend reading this book more than once! Reason being is that I discovered foreshadowing that I never understood in the first place. I believe each time you read this book you will pick up new things, which is what makes the book incredible. With Gatsby’s charming looks and persona, who wouldn’t want to fall in love?!"
"Nick Carraway has just moved to the city and knows almost no one.  Nick has found a place to live in the well-to-do neighborhood of West Egg.  His neighbors live in beautiful mansions with coiffed lawns while he lives in an eyesore of a home.  His new neighbor, Gatsby, is the talk of the neighborhood (if not the town).  Gatsby throws lavish parties with numerous guests that carry on through all hours of the night.Nick's only acquaintances are the Buchanan's, Nick's second cousin Daisy, and her husband Tom.  The Buchanan's invite Nick over to their house and introduce him to Jordan Baker, whom he takes a liking to.  They all talk quite a while and discuss nothing much, that is until the subject of Tom's mistress pops up.  Daisy is aware of Tom's mistress appears to be dealing with it by ignoring it.***Potential spoilers***One day Nick is invited to attend one of Gatsby's infamous parties.  He runs into Jordan and they spend most of the night talking.  They also meet the elusive Mr. Gatsby himself who soon pulls Ms. Baker aside to discuss something in private with her.  Nick finds out later that Gatsby knew Daisy years ago when they dated.  Gatsby has been keeping his distance from Daisy, biding his time, but he wants to see her again.  The story focuses on the relationships between all the characters and how their decisions and lives are intertwined.I read this first in high school and remembered liking it, but didn't remember all the details of the book.  I remembered liking Gatsby himself and wanting him to get the girl.  I really struggled this time with the relationships that were occurring in the book.  It's hard for me to understand why people that are unhappy together will stay together and make each other miserable.Some quotes from the book:""He smiled understandingly-much more than understandingly.  It was one of those rare smiles with a quality of eternal reassurance in it, that you may come across four or five times in life.  It faced-or seemed to face-the whole eternal world for an instant, and then concentrated on you with an irresistible prejudice in your favor.  It understood you just as far as you wanted to be understood, believed in you as you would like to believe in yourself, and assured you that it had precisely the impression of you that, at your best, you hoped to convey.""""They were careless people, Tom and Daisy-they smashed up things and creatures and then retreated back into their money or their vast carelessness, or whatever it was that kept them together, and let other people clean up the mess they had made..."""
"Fitzgerald, in one magnificent novel, dramatized the major currents of modern American life -- romantic, social, and economic -- all of which continue to dominate, and often befuddle, our lives. And he managed to accomplish this in the most economical great novel ever written.The idea of romantic love enraptures us so much so we have an entire literary genre devoted to passion. Jay Gatsby worships an idealized love for Daisy Buchanan and the upper class lifestyle she represents. The driving force of his life, from poverty to showy wealth not only springs from his hated of his impoverished early life but from his desire to possess Daisy.While we like to believe that ours is a classless society, we all know that's merely a pleasing illusion. Even when we manage to breakthrough to the top of the economic food chain we can't count on acceptance. The newly wealthy in the late 19th century discovered the impenetrability of the 400 and it's no different for Gatsby. Tom Buchanan, who constantly displays his superiority (in the opening with his racial prejudice, Fitzgerald's allusion to Lothrop Stoddard), regularly demeans Gatsby. In the end, class wins out, as Daisy tosses over Gatsby, a second time, for Buchanan. And we won't go into the psychological implications of Buchanan's affair with Myrtle Wilson, except to marvel at the rich vein Fitzgerald has left us for conjecture.While the lust for wealth isn't anything unique to America, we Americans exhibit a keen zeal for it, and a wondrous capacity for achieving it, by methods fair and foul and in-between the two poles. Jay Gatsby is hardscrabble and comes by his through bootlegging and financial legerdemain. The Buchanan's come by theirs through inheritance, the accumulation of which might have involved not a little bit of ancestral chicanery. Gatsby is nouveau flamboyant. The Buchanans, while more reserved, flaunt theirs, nonetheless.Fitzgerald says a lot in few words. However, he also leaves much unsaid. This invites readers to fill in the open spaces from their various perspectives. Fitzgerald's economy coupled with his astute understanding of American life are what keep The Great Gatsby as fresh and rewarding today as it was when published in 1925.First-time readers are in for a treat. Those who have read it before, or a couple of times, can always find something new in a truly remarkable novel.Babbit, published in 1922, the year in which Fitzgerald set his tale, also deals with disillusionment with American life, in particular conformity and the achievement of the American dream. It comes to mind as Lewis also alludes to Lothrop Stoddard, who published The Rising Tide of Color, Against White World-Supremacy (Classic Reprint) in 1920. And like The Great Gatsby, Babbit fascinates with its truths about American life. Well worth your time."
"Jay Gatsby builds a fortune, buys a mansion in fictional West Egg, NY, across the bay from Tom and Daisy Buchanan’s old-money mansion in East Egg.  In an effort to win back the girl he loves, Gatsby throws lavish parties, hoping Daisy will show, or at the least, that he will meet someone who knows her.  What follows is a story of wealth, marriage, excess and the romantic notion that you can repeat the past.Set in 1922, these characters live during the wild party atmosphere of the Roaring Twenties.  The Great Gatsby is about a time when new money moves into the old money world and about the contrasting lives of all classes, including the very poor who live in “the valley of ashes,” a desolate area between Long Island and the city.If you’ve never read The Great Gatsby, that’s enough to get you started.  Besides money, it’s a great story about love, romance, marriage and betrayal, with well-placed foreshadowing and a tragic plot-twist at the end.I hadn’t read The Great Gatsby since college and it was fun to go back and pick up on things I’m sure I missed way back then!  I think this is a great book to re-read because of the dialogue – Fitzgerald’s characters say a lot of things that mean a great deal more when you read the book a second or third time.Here are some of the things I liked this time:I like how Fitzgerald includes Jordan Baker’s character and how he suggests that Jordan has been dishonest in the past.  She seems smooth and professional and successful, but her small lies, at least regarding her golf game, still trail her, if you look closely.  Gatsby, also of questionable background, tells Nick that Jordan has a good reputation.  “Miss Baker’s a great sportswoman, you know, and she’d never do anything that wasn’t all right,” he says.I like all the foreshadowing with the cars and about driving and about accidents.  I like the discussions about being bad drivers and how the best way to avoid another bad driver is to pair up with a good driver.  I like the literal and symbolic parallels.I love how, when Nick asks Gatsby what part of the Mid-West he’s from, he answers, “San Francisco.”  It’s a great example of showing how Gatsby is lying, rather than just saying so.The whole theme of past versus present and recreating the past is always a very interesting subject, because it’s emotional and romantic.  Gatsby is sure he can recreate the past, Nick isn’t so sure and Daisy, in the ultimate confrontation at The Plaza, says, “I can’t help what’s past,” crushing Gatsby’s dream.Nick Calloway’s strong desire to believe Gatsby, despite everything that suggests a dubious past.  When Gatsby finally explains his Oxford connection, Nick says, “I wanted to get up and slap him on the back.  I had one of those renewals of complete faith in him that I’d experienced before.”I also like how Fitzgerald includes Meyer Wolfsheim’s character, who is based on the very real Arnold Rothstein.  (You can get an idea of what Rothstein was like by watching “Boardwalk Empire” – one of my favorite shows!)  Wolfsheim only appears a couple times, but his name comes up a lot and as the story goes on, he’s the key to knowing about Gatsby and how he’s made his money.The Great Gatsby is a classic.  It wasn’t a success while Fitzgerald was alive. Some people love it, some don’t, and lots of high-schoolers read it in their English classes.  I enjoyed it very much and particularly liked comparing it to the movies made in 1974 and 2013.  Those movies are shockingly different, but similar in many ways.  But that’s tomorrow’s blog!Here are a couple links that I found interesting:PBS website called The History Kitchen – an overview of Prohibition during the Roaring Twenties, The Great Gatsby, and a recipe for “The Bees Knees” cocktai[...]Here’s something interesting about the original cover of The Great Gatsby:[...]The cover of the first printing of The Great Gatsby is among the most celebrated pieces of art in American literature. It depicts disembodied eyes and a mouth over a blue skyline, with images of naked women reflected in the irises. A little-known artist named Francis Cugat was commissioned to illustrate the book while Fitzgerald was in the midst of writing it. The cover was completed before the novel; Fitzgerald was so enamored with it that he told his publisher he had ""written it into"" the novel.  Fitzgerald's remarks about incorporating the painting into the novel led to the interpretation that the eyes are reminiscent of those of fictional optometrist Dr. T. J. Eckleburg (depicted on a faded commercial billboard near George Wilson's auto repair shop) which Fitzgerald described as ""blue and gigantic – their retinas are one yard high. They look out of no face, but instead, from a pair of enormous yellow spectacles which pass over a non-existent nose."" Although this passage has some resemblance to the painting, a closer explanation can be found in the description of Daisy Buchanan as the ""girl whose disembodied face floated along the dark cornices and blinding signs."" Ernest Hemingway wrote in A Moveable Feast that when Fitzgerald lent him a copy of The Great Gatsby to read, he immediately disliked the cover, but ""Scott told me not to be put off by it, that it had to do with a billboard along a highway in Long Island that was important in the story. He said he had liked the jacket and now he didn't like it."""
"I have looked at both samples of this book with the same cover art, and find that even though this one is a ""No Frills"" edition, no illistrations or use of ""***"" to break a paragraph section, the type set is easier to read, but the blocking of the text (for me) is not. I can hardly tell where one thought ends and another begins.If you want just a bold text for a cheap price (like for a school paper) then get this one, but if you want the version most like the original printed book, then spend an $2 extra.Neither is actually better than the other per se, but it's all about preference."
"This is not a perfect novel.  The characters are underdeveloped.  It is difficult to care about some of them either way.  The story line is melodramatic, and it does not break any new ground.However, the real joy of the book it the language it is written in.  Try reading it aloud.  You will appreciate the rhythm and the cadenza of how each paragraph is constructed.  You will not find a book that evokes its settings more vividly than this one.  This is a short book, but it is to be read slowly.  Savor every moment.  You will be rewarded."
"This book is a true classic! The Great Gatsby provides a critical social history of America during the Roaring Twenties, and while it might be a work of fiction, it has strong social and political messages.But don't forget that it's also a cleverly written story too; Gatsby is driven by his love for a woman who symbolised everything he wanted, even as she led him toward everything he despised. It's exciting stuff and a real page-turner as well.Oh, and the book is streets ahead of any of the film versions of it!"
"God, could this man write!Gatsby is the first book that ever brought me to my knees, and no matter how often I reread it, it never ceases to affect me in the same way-- bringing tears to my eyes and goosebumps to my flesh as I read that immortal finale. A character in one of John Irving's books--Hotel New Hampshire, I think--commits suicide when she realizes she will never be able to write anything as beautiful as the ending of The Great Gatsby. While I cannot condone taking one's life, I sympathize with the reason for it here."
"Like many who've re-read this wonderful novel, I found myself looking at the characters with older, yet newer eyes.  I'm more jaded now and understand more of the nuance in the book than I did my first go around.However, what hasn't changed is my love of the rhythm of the words, of Fitzgerald's painting of characters and of Jay Gatsby himself.  I still dream of that era and of the gorgeousness of the soirees at his home, thrown only to attract his lost beloved, Daisy.Still a wonderful fresh read after all these years."
"JUST MY OPINION.....While I do find the content of the book enjoyable,it has been somewhat agitating to read because too many times in the book,a sentence lacks commas thus making it difficult to quickly and clearly understandwhat the sentence is trying to express.For Example: About three o'clock the quality of Wilson's incoherent muttering changed.While this one is pretty easy to understand, would it kill to put a comma between ""o'clock"" and ""the""?So... ""About three o'clock, the quality of Wilson's blah blah blah...""This is one of the hundreds of the problem in the book.Maybe it's just me, but this book could be a lot better with some copy-editing. Seriously."
"I don't understand why so many people found the book so boring. The story carried a clear plot and a great view about the 1920s. I personally thought it was really well written. The language might be a little difficult to  understand, but that's why there are dictionaries.The Great Gatsby was  written 80 years ago, and it is still around today. If it was such an  appalling novel, it would never have made it this far. But in any case, it  has been passed on to generations, and that is what makes this book a  classic."
"This book was a wonderful work of literary art.  I had to read this book for a class i was taking.  I had already seen the movie, and based on that i wasn't excited to read the book.  The movie was not very appealing.  I am quite sure i wouldn't have read thiis book, based on the movie, if i wasn't forced to in my class.  But am i happy i read it.  The book was much more enticing and also was a lot more intellectual.  It was a great peice of literary work and the morals were also important for everyday life."
"I chose The Great Gatsby as an outside reading for my advanced placement English class. I'm not a fan of fiction, but the synopsis of the novel caught my attention.  Who doesn't have an American dream?  As I read the novel, I found myself pitying Gatsby and loathing Daisy.  But Gatsby kept tearing at my heart.  Morally, he had some issues, but I do admire his honesty to himself.  I do recommend the novel to anyone who enjoys the era of the twenties and a character who fails to see the flaws in the one he thinks he loves."
"This classic wasn't on my college reading list. I decided to read it after seeing the movie and was surprised by how well it translated to the big screen. Very stylish. Very much in the spirit of the thing though some subtlety is lost regarding race (vs class). A fast fun read. It important to note other great works of American literature that reference the same time frame, Steinbeck's the Grapes of Wraith' and the collective works of 'lost generation' (Hemingway, Stein and the like). Hardly seems like the same country."
"I don't feel like I need to write a summary for this novel, because you either have read this or are not going to.Nick Carraway was an interesting character, not a great writer though. His story jumped around a lot and sometimes it was confusing about how these random events fit together. (I suppose this is really Fitzgerald's doing, but I feel they could be one in the same.) Beginning of chapter four lists a bunch of names for quite a few too many pages. I understand that it's supposed to show all the various types that attended Gatsby's parties, but it just seemed dreadfully boring to me. They weren't even really people, so it didn't really seem all that important. I did love picture Gatsby's parties and his huge house. Gatsby and Nick were such real people. Even though Gatsby was very mysterious about his past, his present was endearing. You could hear the emotion in his words, even if he was cool.There was plenty to like about this novel and I liked all those bits. There were a few slow parts though and a few parts I just didn't understand. Maybe a second read through will make things more coherent. Luckily this is a short novel, so it's one that you can stop and re-read parts of without taking a very long time to finish it. It was an enjoyable read for the most part.Gatsby. He was a unique fella and so in love. So crazily, stupidly in love. I feel so awful for Gatsby. He tried so hard. He felt so much. In the end things don't always work out for people who may deserve it, even when the ungrateful hordes dance in the sun. That's what I took away from this novel. Is rich people get richer, while the poor get poorer. It doesn't matter if it's money of life. There are always grateful people and ungrateful people. Dreamers and those content to have life always be the same. We need those dreamers though, otherwise we wouldn't have any inventions and still just be cavemen.I won't say much more; Gatsby is Gatsby. This novel is definitely worth the read, if only so you know that book that people mention now and again when they are trying to sound sophisticated. Who knows, maybe you'll love it...First Line:""In my younger and more vulnerable years my father gave me some advice that I've been turning over in my mind since.""Favorite Line:""So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past."""
"It's not just about the parties.Everything about Jay Gatsby's world is theater - the mansion; the wealth; the parties; the pedigree; the affectation of an ""old sport"" English accent; and even the circumstances leading to his ultimate demise. His life is a private Potemkin affair with a singular goal: to rekindle a lost love.Gatsby barely even attended those Long Island extravaganzas he hosted every Saturday night in that summer of 1922. Think of them  more as theater with an audience of one - an audience of one, that is, only in the off chance that maybe,  just maybe,  Daisy Buchanen (now married: details, details) might actually show up and be impressed.  Talk about your chick magnet.We might enjoy The Great Gatsby on a number of levels. In its most base and literal incarnation, we could get lost in the trappings of our own Highland Gatsby event and roll around in snob chic. On this night, this one night, we'd gather and preen and seduce one another  with our chosen area of expertise (choose: wine; food; books; carbon footprint; Ming dynasty furniture; our swell vacation in Hoboken) while we snub and sniff and sneer at those who don't share our pretensions.The only role already assigned in the faux-Gatsby event would be that of Nick Carraway, the reserved mid-Western transplant who, as both Gatsby's new neighbor and Daisy's cousin, has a unique perspective on this would-be mating dance and serves as the novel's narrator. Yes, that role is mine -  that's me, the reserved one, standing over there alone at the drink table looking vaguely lost.A deeper reading of the novel, however, would invite our attention to that elusive, wonderful, suck-the-oxygen-out-of-the-room curse called love. Or obsession.How bad can it get? Let's put it this way. Gatsby bought that mega-mansion on the West Egg  (the nouveau riche) island for the sole reason that it provided an unobstructed view of  the green light marking the end of Daisy's dock over there on the East Egg (old money) island. The Green Light. He'd stare. Longingly. Fantasize. Stare. The Green Light.We've taken a run at the obsession topic before. Our Lolita discussion (9/11/06) was all about this phenomenon of  ""love, marked by a fierceness that so often destroys adult lives.""  That sex-laced road trip may be closer to what we might label today as pathology given it involved  a middle-age man and twelve-year-old Lolita but both stories seem to share the same tune.One common question: the distinction between the power of the illusion versus the worthiness of the underlying object.  Neither Daisy nor Lolita would seem to the ""objective"" reader to be worthy of the bestowed adoration. No matter. The illusion transcends the subject. Even an oil slick is iridescent when the light strikes it right. The light then shifts and yet another Country Western song is born.Or we can take Gatsby as allegory. The American dream - originally all about discovery, individualism, and the pursuit of happiness (per Nick Carraway's meditation) - becomes corrupted by rampant materialism just as Gatsby's dream of idealized love (when dreams had meaning) crumbles with the unworthiness of its object (America, as Daisy, devolves into Material Girl).Those who would write the novel off as simply good riddance to a bygone gilded era of wretched excess would do well to read the article, ""Gatsby's Green Light Beckons a New Set of Strivers"" (NYT, 2/18/08). The novel is now required reading at half the high schools in the country and resonates powerfully among urban adolescents, many of them first- and second-generation immigrants who are striving to ascend in 21st-century America.Take particular note of the reflections of Susan Morris, director of the English program at Boston Latin and who has been teaching Gatsby for 32 years, ""They all understand what it is to strive for something . . . to want to be someone you're not, to want to achieve something that's just beyond reach, whether it's professional success or wealth or idealized love - or a 4.0 or admission to Harvard."" Or, to paraphrase an old perfume commercial, their obsession is our possession.Behold the Green Light."
"Nick Carroway lives in West Egg, Long Island.  He is a bond trader.  One day quite out of the blue, Nick is invited to his neighbor's house for a party.  Nick's neighbor is Jay Gatsby, long known in this part of Long Island for throwing the most opulent parties in the area.  At this particular party, he meets Jordan Baker, a golf pro, who is quite drunk at this party, and has taken an interest in Nick. At long last, Nick finally meets Gatsby, they trade some small talk about WW I and soon the party is over.But there are many parties to follow, and Nick and Gatsby become fast friends, although Nick is never sure of the origins of Gatsby's wealth, or education, or background.  Gatsby's intentions become clear enough soon enough.  He wants Nick to have a party for Daisy Buchanan, Nick's cousin, so that Gatsby can re-introduce himself to Daisy.  Daisy and Gatsby had known each other five years earlier, and Daisy didn't marry him then, because he was poor.  Five years later, Daisy is married to Tom, a big, hulking (Tom hated that description of himself) brooding former football player.  Complicating matters further, Tom is having an affair with Myrtle Wilson, wife of a local dim witted auto shop owner.Undeterred by the fact that the love of his life is now married, Gatsby tries to rekindle his love with Daisy, and after an awkward first meeting, Daisy is professing her love for Gatsby for all to hear, including her husband Tom.  Still the five of them, Nick, Jordan, Gatsby, Daisy and Tom strike up a clumsy acquaintance, and take a drive to New York City together.  Upon returning from that trip, something happens that changes their lives forever.  What is it?  Do Gatsby and Daisy ever get to rekindle their romance?  Does Nick find out more about the shadowy Gatsby?I first read this book 30 years ago.  I read it with all the enthusiasm of a teenager wanting to pass an English Lit class, which is to say not very much enthusiasm at all.  Luckily, for myself, I decided to give this book another try.  I read this book in 4 days, not only that, every time I left it, I wanted to read more of it.  The book inhabited me, like few have.  The descriptions of West Egg are lyrical, almost poetic.  The parties Gatsby threw are like some dream out of the Gilded Age, andI wanted to be at those parties.Moreover, there are important themes discussed in these pages. The theme of love lost is one of the central themes that Fitzgerald brings to the forefront. Can a love that is lost ever be re-kindled, and if so, is it ever as good as it was the first time?  There is an answer that Fitzgerald provides, but I won't divulge it, that is part of the pleasure of reading this book.The theme of friendship is also examined in this book.  Nick is probably Gatsby's closest friend at the end of the book, but how well did he really know Gatsby?  Was it a friendship based on mutual admiration, or was Nick more interested in being seen at a Gatsby party, than finding out about Gatsby?  Did Nick feel used by Gatsby, so that Gatsby could meet Daisy?  Was Gatsby using Nick to meet Daisy, and not for any other purpose?  There were passages in this book that made me wonder if Nick even liked Gatsby.  That brings up a further question of who Gatsby's friends really were.  Did he have any true friends or were they all hangers-on and sycophants? Fitzgerald provides an answer to that question quite emphatically at the end of the book, but again I will not give it away.I cannot leave this book without some deserving criticism however.  The character of Mayer Wolfsheim is a horribly negative Jewish stereotype, and I must say, I was repulsed when I read this character, because it was such a horribly negative portrayal of a Jew, the physical description seemed to concentrate on his large nose, his other attributes seemed to be that he was a gambler, somehow involved in the Black Sox scandal, of fixing the World Series.  The image of Wolfsheim mars an otherwise wonderful book. I don't know why Fitzgerald would include it, other than to maybe reflect the anti-Semitism of the age.The Great Gatsby:  A great if somwhat flawed book.For more book and movie reviews, please visit my blog, Reviewswithatude.[...]"
"I don't think novels can get any better than this.Fitzgerald breathes such life into his characters that it's no wonder that no movie truly captures the essence of this novel...the beauty is in the language, the metaphors, the turns of phrases.I used to teach this novel to my students, and I know I was one of those goofy instructors who stood before the class and got all emotional while I sang Fitzgerald's praises. Here they were, fresh out of gym class or a chem lab and all they could do, probably, was think about how hungry they were or what they were going to do on the weekend. ANYTHING but Fitzgerald. ""Just shut up, man!"" they probably thought.But I couldn't help it: there is such a texture to Fitzgerald's prose that it moved me every time I read it...year after year after year. What POWER Fitzgerald had, to be able to accomplish that. Gatsby LIVES in these pages: he has a vibrancy that touches me in so many ways. His love for her is so ideal, of course, that she would never have lived up to it, so it was ill-fated from the start -- Nick, and we, could see it plainly: ""He knew that when he kissed this girl, and forever wed his unutterable visions to her perishable breath, his mind would never romp again like the mind of God.""But it's wasted on kids who only think of the moment -- and on high school guys in particular, who debase it further. We all know what they want...I was that way myself. I, too, was doomed from the start.So Gatsby, as it says in the opening pages, was a true tragic hero, ruined by his own ""flaw"": the quest he could never achieve. Though Nick tells us ""he turned out all right in the end,"" we all know that he will not survive these pages intact. He was in love with an image cast in his mind and heart, and no mere person could live up to it.One of the author's original wishes was to name this book UNDER THE RED, WHITE, AND BLUE, but reality intruded there, too: he was too late getting his wish to the printer and the cover had already been completed. As his title would have implied, this beautiful country of ours was built on a similar ideal, one it constantly transgresses (since those who propel it are, after all, human, and similarly flawed). Sadly, the ""real"" world intruded on his own life as well, and he died poorly, as Hemingway would say, never realizing his own true potential.Perhaps the only solace is that Fitzgerald DID achieve greatness, and of course does live on. The beauty of this work, as well as others he penned, will probably remain forever lasting achievements of great, classic literature. Despite the flaws of his own life, despite his misspent talent and its tragic outcome, he does live on in these works.THE GREAT GATSBY is a true gem. It's a testament to what literature can be, of the soaring vision mere words can bring to mind. Don't miss out on it."
"The Great Gatsby has been among my top favourites ever since I first read it, for my Contemporary American Literature course at university.Back in my undergraduate days, one evening in the bar, when asked what I'd like to drink,  I requested mint julep.My friend looked at me, and said reflectively, ""they never even got round to drinking it, did they?""And we both knew we were talking about that tragic scene in the Plaza Hotel, New York, in the later pages of Scott Fitzgerald's novel.Why does this novel touch me - and many others - so deeply?I believe it's because we recognise the truthfulness of the themes, in our own experience of life: ""They were careless people...they smashed up things and creatures and then retreated back to their money or their vast carelessness or whatever it was that kept them together.""One of the most outstanding things about the book for me is the sheer poetic beauty in Scott Fitzgerald's writing.  Phrases from this book have stayed with me over the years:""Daisy and Gatsby looked at me remotely, possessed by intense life"";and ""Gatsby bought a mansion where he dispensed starlight to casual moths""; and finally, the famous end to the novel: ""so we  beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.""Such is the symbolic power of the story, taking us from the immense wealth of a Long Island millionaire  lifestyle into the industrial dumping ground of the Valley of Ashes,watched over by the huge eyes of a long-forgotten oculist, Dr TJ Eckleberg, that I believe The Great Gatsby is the kind of book we should be reading for our times.Read The Great Gatsby for a tragic contrast between careless hedonism/accumulation of vast wealth, and harsh reality. But don't read it for escapist romance."
"Fitzgerald's ""The Great Gatsby"" is a classic tale of the American Dream gone horribly wrong. Although it is quite the tragedy on the surface, this novel has it's own enchanting way of leaving you with a sense of hope by the end. There are several pockets of wonderful scenes that mesmerize the reader, allowing you to indulge in all the magnificence of the roaring 20s. There is something unquestionably satisfying about Gatsby's love story; his motives ignited by his twisted past and kept alive by his unknowing neighbor, all set on the backdrop of a rebellious, carefree America, make ""The Great Gatsby"" a must read. Generally, this is a novel that most of us read in high school once, but I highly recommend revisiting it sometime in the future. Just as Carraway points out, you can't relive the past exactly, and that is precisely why rereading this book is a must. Each return to this read brings out different aspects of the story, allowing for varying interpretations. This novel is jam packed with symbols in the classiest of ways, making for an exciting read with new revelations awaiting every reopening. Every time it comes off the shelf, there is something newly dynamic about the way Gatsby carries himself, and the way Nick Carraway tries to analyze him. While the novel is titled ""The Great Gatsby,"" it is really the story of the lonely Nick Carraway experiencing a pivotal time in his life, but through the medium of his ostentatious neighbor's disposition. Even after the characters and their relationships with each other have exhausted you, there is so much to visualize in the setting. Fitzgerald does a great job capturing the racy and adventurous nature of the early twenties. The larger-than-life parties and exclusive venues that the scenes of this novel are held in whisk you away to a time when everyone is celebrating. Drawn into the culture of underground wealth and bootlegging, mixed in with high-class societies, this novel is a great exchange of reality for a taste of opulence and drama. Gatsby's seemingly glamorous life is the perfect filter through which to experience one of the greatest time periods our nation has experienced."
"The Great Gatsby is hailed as one of the great American novels.  The writing is beautiful. The plot lacks depth much like the lives of most superficial Americans. Fitzgerald's characters are living the so-called ""American Dream"" and one is living a lie.  Fitzgerald shows us how the American dream can quickly turn into a nightmare.F. Scott Fitzgerald showed how cold and heartless people can be no matter how close they are to you.  He also showed how complex and chaotic love can be.  Overall, The Great Gatsby is not a complicated story , it's pretty simple which added to its elegance.Since finishing Gatsby, I'm still wondering how Fitzgerald wrote a character that was so charming and captivating but yet not ostentatious.  Jay Gatsby was focused.  He played his cards right and patiently to get what he wanted. Gatsby was hypnotizing.  The hypnotic trance that Gatsby put on most people caused them to overlook the fact that the details of his life did not really add up. He was vague and intriguing.I have never read a more perfect narrator since ""L"" from Love by Toni Morrison until Nick Carraway the narrator of The Great Gatsby.  Nick's observations were mainly objective but he too was hypnotized by Gatsby.  Nick had ""hope"" in Gatsby but didn't like him very much. Nick was thrust into this circle of friends and lovers and ended up being the most dependable of them all.The driving force of the novel was Jay Gatsby's love for Daisy Buchanan. Both Jay and Tom, Daisy's husband, wanted control over Daisy's love. Daisy was the most  dull of all the characters in my opinion. She was aloof and uncertain. She had this plantation mistress quality about her that I detested. I equally despised her husband Tom.  Daisy was also a mother which was easily forgotten since she didn't possess any motherly qualities. The quality of Daisy's voice was mentioned several times throughout the novel but in the end it was pretty much silenced. It seemed as if Fitzgerald lost Daisy in the climax of the novel.I loved Gatsby. He is my new literary crush.  The ending came too fast for me. I'm still looking for closure on Daisy's part.  Nick was the most endearing of them all. I now hate the term, ""old sport."""
"The Great Gatsby is your neighbor you're best friends with until you find out he's a drug dealer. It charms you with some of the most elegant English prose ever published, making it difficult to discuss the novel without the urge to stammer awestruck about its beauty. It would be evidence enough to argue that F. Scott Fitzgerald was superhuman, if it wasn't for the fact that we know he also wrote This Side of Paradise.But despite its magic, the rhetoric is just that, and it is a cruel facade. Behind the stunning glitter lies a story with all the discontent and intensity of the early Metallica albums. At its heart, The Great Gatsby throws the very nature of our desires into a harsh, shocking light. There may never be a character who so epitomizes tragically misplaced devotion as Jay Gatsby, and Daisy, his devotee, plays her part with perfect, innocent malevolence. Gatsby's competition, Tom Buchanan, stands aside watching, taunting and provoking with piercing vocal jabs and the constant boast of his enviable physique. The three jostle for position in an epic love triangle that lays waste to countless innocent victims, as well as both Eggs of Long Island. Every jab, hook, and uppercut is relayed by the instantly likable narrator Nick Carraway, seemingly the only voice of reason amongst all the chaos. But when those boats are finally borne back ceaselessly by the current, no one is left afloat. It is an ethical massacre, and Fitzgerald spares no lives; there is perhaps not a single character of any significance worthy even of a Sportsmanship Award from the Boys and Girls Club.In a word, The Great Gatsby is about deception; Fitzgerald tints our glasses rosy with gorgeous prose and a narrator you want so much to trust, but leaves the lenses just translucent enough for us to see that Gatsby is getting the same treatment. And if Gatsby represents the truth of the American Dream, it means trouble for us all. Consider it the most pleasant insult you'll ever receive"
"The Great Gatsby, along with Gone with the Wind and The Grapes of Wrath achieved something quite rare in the world of literature. They all defined an era of American history.In the case of The Great Gatsby, one of the greatest novels of the 20th century, it defined the America of the 1920s. Published in 1925, this book has never gone out of print. What makes this book live on for so long? Why is it still taught in the classroom? Why does it not appear to be dated?The answer is the carefully constructed prose that fills each and every page of the book. It reads like a piece of music. It is lyrical in both tone and substance. It is also about the romance of power and money. This resonates today and will never go out of style.The story is told in the third person. The narrator, Nick Caraway is a young clerk at a banking firm who has moved from the Midwest to NY to try his hand at making it big. He has rented a small cottage in a fashionable village of Long Island, called ""West Egg"" in the novel. This location, a place of quiet natural allure and the other village called ""East Egg"" is reminiscent of the North Shore villages of Long Island, Kings Point and Sands Point, respectively.His neighbor is and is not a contrast to the mellow, self-effacing Caraway. Just next door, separated by a vast lawn of carefully cut grass, is the estate of Jay Gatsby, a shy self-invented tycoon of sorts, who throws lavish parties on the lawn, never shows his face to many people and who secretly Caraway admires for his incredible success. It is summer, and this is the setting for a majority of the novel.In a way, it is also partly autobiographical. Fitzgerald came from the Midwest as does Nick Caraway, the narrator. And since Fitzgerald was writing about his contemporaries of the present day in the 1920s, it is worth noting that he knew at least partly of the kind of life that is so richly described in this book.Gatsby is a powerful man with few friends but many associates who help him get things done. Soon after, Gatsby invites Caraway over to one of the parties and is introduced to him. There is a purpose for this. Nick is the cousin of the other main character, Daisy Buchanan, whom Gatsby was engaged to years earlier. Gatsby's main purpose is to rekindle the romance with Daisy by asking Nick to ask Daisy to come over to Caraway's cottage so Gatsby can meet her there. Kind of convoluted but it is fascinating how Fitzgerald's natural talent at storytelling and his keen eye for dialogue and descriptiveness is what makes the novel endearing, even if the characters themselves are not.For example, this is a passage that describes how Nick feels about Daisy's singing.""Daisy began to sing with the music in a husky rhythmic whisper, bringing out a meaning in each word that it had never had before and would never have again. When the melody rose, her voice broke up sweetly, following it, in a way contralto voices have, and each change tipped out a little of her warm human magic upon the air.""Another passage describes an early encounter between Gatsby and Daisy, years before. ""His heart beat faster and faster as Daisy's white face came up to his own. He knew that when he kissed this girl, and forever wed his unutterable visions to her perishable breath, his mind would never romp again like the mind of God. So he waited, listening for a moment longer to the tuning fork that had been struck upon a star. Then he kissed her. At his lip's touch she blossomed for him like a flower and the incarnation was complete.""Daisy Buchanan is by nature a very loving person, who speaks from the heart, but she is selfish and immature but without a streak of meanness. Her husband, Tom Buchanan is very well to do. He rides horses and is very aggressive in his likes and dislikes. He is also condescending and interrupts Daisy when she is speaking so he can have his say. The characters in this novel are fast living and afraid as they approach middle age and they are all disillusioned about life. Idle gossip is the norm as the characters swelter in the heat of summer.This novel appeals to both men and women because in every scene men and women figure prominently. There is nothing is this novel that is archaic or that would even give the impression that it's about the 1920s. It is to Fitzgerald's talent and sheer hard work of rewriting until it was right that every scene is suggestive of thought and mood by characters that at the core are superficial and ignorant of anything beyond their pursuits. They want to have a good time regardless of consequences. They can be wild and sassy beasts, full of rage and bliss.Gatsby is a wealthy private man with romantic speculation. Caraway on his lunch hour walks down Fifth Avenue and imagines himself as boyfriend to the various women who pass by, living a better life, maybe a life like Gatsby's.There is the need to be accepted by improving one's social position; afraid of going to the poor house. It is the wariness of inventing one's self to fit in that is dramatized every so subtly on every page; a desire to belong to that special group of snobs but never really trusting any of them. The morale of the story is that money and position do not last. It is the dream of obtaining it and never giving up that is attractive.This novel is a masterpiece of literature where style surpasses everything else, including splendidly invented characters.Review by Charles Blanchardauthor of Mourning Doves After The Fire"
"""The city seen from the Queensboro Bridge is always the city seen for the first time, in its first wild promise of all the mystery and the beauty in the world."" -Nick CarrawayI can freely admit that had I read this book five or ten years ago, I wouldn't have made it beyond page ten. I wouldn't have appreciated the art of the English language or the smoothness and brilliance of Mr. Fitzgerald's characterization and plotting. Luckily I waited until now, a year and a half into this new journey I've taken in writing fiction and appreciating the classics because this has to be one of the best books I've ever read. It is one part romance, one part mystery, and one part satire and together they are weaved with a subtlety and elegance that kept me glued to my kindle. It is the quintessential American novel, depicting all that is spectacular and dreadful about the American Dream.The mystery is first of Gatsby; who is this man who hosts these extravagant parties? How is he so wealthy? The rumors are he ""killed a man"" and as Mr. Fitzgerald peels back the onion I became more interested in finding out about this man and his past.The romance also involves Gatsby and, to a lesser extent, the narrator, Nick Carroway, as Gatsby rejoins with his love, the ethereal Daisy, for whom all his troubles are in an effort to obtain, while Nick meets the athletic and gorgeous (and stuck up) Jordan Baker.""Her glance left me and sought the lighted top of the steps, where ""Three O'Clock in the Morning,"" a neat, sad little waltz of that year, was drifting out the open door. After all, in the very casualness of Gatsby's party there were romantic possibilities totally absent from her world. What was up there in the song that seemed to be calling her back inside? What would happen now in the dim, incalculable hours? Perhaps some unbelievable guest would arrive, a person infinitely rare and to be marveled at, some authentically radiant young girl who with one fresh glance at Gatsby, one moment of magical encounter, would blot out those five years of unwavering devotion."" -Nick Carraway referring Daisy, his second cousin once removed.The satire, perhaps my favorite aspect of the novel; did Fitzgerald know the US was just four years away from the great crash and the great depression?""They were careless people, Tom and Daisy--they smashed up things and creatures and then retreated back into their money or their vast carelessness, or whatever it was that kept them together, and let other people clean up the mess they had made. . . ."" -Nick CarrawayMy guess is, no, he didn't, but when he wrote this he could have had the crash of 1907 or any of those great bank runs of the 1800s in mind. There is always a reckoning for the party, particularly in this wonderful system called capitalism that works so well for many (but not all) and can take it all away in a flash. And isn't it interesting how it's usually the rich who create the disaster, and then leave the rest of us to pick up the pieces? (And by rich I'm talking John Paulson rich, and by disaster I'm thinking crash of 2008-type of mess). And that's how the story of Gatsby unfolds; extreme highs and lows that feel like the American system and way of life. Which leads to the final point; ""The Great Gatsby,"" quite simply, is the embodiment of the American Dream.""Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgastic future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that's no matter--tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms father. . . . And one fine morning-- So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past."" -Nick CarrawayThe bottom line: if you appreciate fiction at its finest give this one a shot. If you're from New York, especially the island, this one is a must. And finally, give some thought to the current state of affairs of the USA in the context of this classic; the paradox of record users of food stamps and record levels in the stock market portends a Gatsby-like ending, in my humble opinion, but who am I? Party on, America.-Raeden Zen"
"In The Great Gatsby, F. Scott Fitzgerald tells us the life story of a Mr. Jay Gatsby. However, don't expect the narrator, Nick Carraway, to tell everything up front, he leaves plenty of room for the imagination.  The Great Gatsby is filled with dramatic love triangles and the ever-present truth looming over Gatsby. Keep in mind the central theme of not everything is always as it seems. Written in 1924, The Great Gatsby is one of America's most recognized literary works of art. F. Scott Fitzgerald has eternalized the glory of the ""roaring twenties"" and has captivated his audience for over 85 years. The ""roaring twenties"" plays host to the Prohibition movement and creates an air of hysterics among the characters. F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote five novels and over twenty short stories. His works have been translated into many other languages and continue to be adapted into plays, films, and other forms of entertainment. Fitzgerald presents this short novel in a way that leaves the audience wondering about the truth behind every single character. Each character has his or her own agenda and rarely forgets who number one is. Don't be fooled by the brevity of this novel, it is packed to the brim with double meanings and truths to be discovered. The Great Gatsby breathes life into the past and makes you want to be a part of it. The way Fitzgerald describes Mr. Gatsby's parties makes you wish you were there to experience such a fun and never ending night. In a way, it perfectly describes the themes of love throughout the novel, fun, seemingly never ending, and yet never turning out the way you thought they would. The glitz and the glamour that is present throughout the novel would make anyone want to crash one of Mr. Gatsby's parties. What is truly remarkable is that Fitzgerald manages to make a love story into a suspense novel by always making Gatsby have to be a half step in front of the truth. A ""truth"" that Gatsby weaves so intricately, even he second-guesses it. I would have to say that my favorite aspect of this novel is that Fitzgerald never tells a scene with all the information up front. This novel really makes you think and recall information in order to keep up with the story line. I would recommend this novel to anyone who enjoys having to put together a puzzle without knowing the bigger picture. The Great Gatsby is commonly used in high school curriculums across the United States, but is a novel that everyone should read with or without a requirement attached. This novel is intriguing, lively and full of entertainment. The only draw back is that it is extremely short for a novel. I feel that it could have been expanded a great deal, but who am I to argue with F. Scott Fitzgerald and the story lengths that made money in his time. Overall, I would agree with the masses that this is literary classic. Make sure to watch out for the fifth film adaption of The Great Gatsby in 2013, starring Leonardo DiCaprio as Jay Gatsby and Tobey Maguire as Nick Carraway."
"I don't think I am capable of putting to words what I thought of this novel.The Great Gatsby is a jazzy tale that takes place in 1920's America and revolves around seven characters: Jay Gatsby, impeccable host with a past unknown to many, in love with naive, superficial and materialistic Daisy Buchanan. Daisy, in turn, married herself to Tom Buchanan for the sole purpose of continuing to lead a life of privilege. Tom is an egotistic, adulterer, whose latest mistress is none other than the mechanic's wife, Myrtle Wilson. The mechanic, George Wilson, is good friends with Tom, and is none the wiser about this affair. Jordan Baker, a golfer and Daisy's friend, is aware of everything that's happening, and brings in narrator, and neighbour of Gatsby, Nick Carraway into the picture.In a strange turn of events, Nick becomes a close friend and confidante of Gatsby. Gatsby is now a very wealthy man who lives in a mansion and holds daily parties that go on until the early hours of the morning, in the hopes that one day, Daisy would walk in through the doors. With Nick's help, Daisy and Jay meet again, and the romance is instantly rekindled. However, in The Great Gatsby, it isn't a matter of all's well that ends well.This story really makes me sad. A very charming man, Jay Gatsby wanted nothing more in this world than to be with Daisy. Daisy on the other hand is torn between wanting love, and wanting to remain with Tom and her comfortable existence. I wasn't very surprised with the ending, as I saw it coming. But I was surprised at the reaction of all the people that surrounded Gatsby, and angry at quite a few of them.Definitely a must-read. A classic by all means, a timeless tragic tale that has and always will capture the hearts of readers."
"The Great Gatsby is less about the American Dream and more about the death of a dream; a dream one holds in one's heart, for such an inexplicably long time, that it becomes something more than a dream, something ineffable and austere. Like the previous sentence, this book is permeated with ambiguous phrasings and sentimental, other-worldly prose - that is to say, Fitzgerald has a certain writing style, and chooses to imbue his novel with a certain unabashed romanticism.Most peoples critiques of the characters are incomplete. Sure, they have money, and that might make them frivolous or careless to a certain extent, but they all have depth and breadth. The characters only seem overtly despondent because we view them through the eyes of the narrator, a person who seems somewhat detached from things, as he should be, as the novel is essentially his recollection of events. The net effect is that the novel achieves sort of a dream-like quality. The most likable of the characters is the novels name-sake, Gatsby. I read somewhere that the original editor/publisher of the book had Fitzgerald omit much of Gatsby's biography - I would have liked to know more about Gatsby. That's the great trick of the novel, the reader wants to know more about Gatsby, and when his identity and his character is revealed, it can seem anti-climatic; but when we discover why Gatsby has amassed his wealth, created his persona, and built his estate in a certain place, we realize his true intentions, and recognize them as being the best of humanity, even if they are naive and romantic notions flush with sentimentality.The plot to the novel is interesting and includes one or two twists that make it feel like an urban legend.The main sticking point of the novel (for me) is that wealth does not create happiness, nor is it a means to an end. The wealthy face all the same problems, regrets, and insecurities as everyone else, with the added burden of having money.The novel is a relatively short, enjoyable read, poetic and sublime. An excellent addition to anyone's general library. Recommended."
"I've listened to Robbins version of this fabulous book twice, and i'm relistening to parts of it again. I think he does a great job of emphasizing the key points. His Tom Buchanan is exceptional. And since Tom Buchanan is a key figure in the book, for him to ace this character really helps this reading shine. Robbins also does a good job bringing to life Fitzgerald's exceptional dialogue skills. To write good dialogue is hard. I'm amazed how modern Fitzgerald's characters sound, how they talk to one another like people i know and talk with each other. I'm not seeing much difference between the wealthy of 1920 and those of 2000.There are two scenes that show how well Robbin's gets this book. In the key confrontation scene between Tom and Gatsby at the hotel, Gatsby says he wants to tell Tom something. Robbin's voice conveys Tom's welcoming this challenge, even enjoying it.Compare that to Redford's movie version, where Bruce Dern says it, then pleads with Daisy to take him (Tom) back.  In the book, Tom doesn't plead to Daisy. Robbin's portrayal is more effective than the movie.A second scene happens on the drive drive to the hotel. Tom, Nick & Jordan are driving, and Tom says ""I've been looking into this Gatsby fella."" And Jordan jokes ""What, you hired a medium?"" And tom says ""What? What? A medium?! No. Like i said, i hired an investigator.""  Robbins portrays how an irritated alpha-male would sound at such a flighty, feminine joke. (You've got to hear it, but it cements Tom's character as a strong alpha-male.)Robbin's has a lot of moments where he makes the dialogue effective.I gave 4 stars because a few times, he mixes up the voices, which makes it confusing about who just spike. Also, the female voices are so similar, so he doesn't delve into the character differences between Daisy and Jordan. But all in all, recommended."
"F. Scott Fitzgerald had high hopes for ""The Great Gatsby"" when it was published in 1925 -that were dashed by a tepid reception. The novel didn't have much critical support until the 1940s. Perhaps, in its own age, it hit too close to home with too much venom. Perhaps the Roaring Twenties, when liquor and money flowed freely, are romanticized in retrospect, and the novel's prevalence of casual dialogue gets more respect now. H.L. Mencken called it a ""glorified anecdote"", and, indeed, that is how ""The Great Gatsby"" is presented. The narrator recalls an experience he had among friends a couple of years earlier. As a story, there isn't much to it. It is how characters perceive one another, how they wish to be perceived, and the simpler and indifferent reality that comment on an age, as well as on the immutable social nature of humans.Nick Carraway, a man of prominent family who came East to do something vague with bonds, narrates the tale. Nick took a modest house on Long Island, next door to a magnificent mansion owned by Jay Gatsby, a man whom no one knows anything about, except that he throws magnificent parties with all manner of glamorous people in attendance, constantly, which people like just fine. Across the bay, Nick's second cousin Daisy Buchanan lives with her husband Tom, and it is at their home that Nick meets a professional golfer named Jordan Baker, whom he doesn't respect much but takes up with all the same. It is through a series of social gatherings that we get to know this group of people and that Nick eventually becomes friendly with his mysterious neighbor, Mr. Gatsby, who has plans to reclaim his long-lost love: Daisy Buchanan.It struck me that the prose is not very literary for a pre-War novel. The story unfolds in scenes and through dialogue. But it has a merciful brevity that I associate with that era. The lack of extraneous detail and background earned my admiration. Fitzgerald focuses on the interactions of the characters and ignores what goes on in between. This is one slice of their lives, the bitter slice that Nick remembers. It's interesting that it is Gatsby who evokes the readers' sympathy, even though we know little about him and Nick disapproves, though holds a begrudging admiration, of him. Amid the hypocrisy, ambition, and shallowness of these Jazz Age bon vivants, Gatsby is confident is his ability to re-do the past. But when Nick concludes that ""we beat on...borne back ceaselessly into the past"", he speaks of himself as much as of Gatsby."
"Although it is widely regarded as a novel about the delusiveness of the American dream, 'the Great Gatsby' is relevant to any post-modern time and place. The concept is such: people's desires and aspirations are, more often than not, founded in nothing but their own head. As, in this novel, Jay Gatsby pursues his first love, Daisy. He works his way out of the lower-class and, through crooked business, becomes wildly wealthy.  Gatsby buys a large mansion on Long Island, directly across the water from Daisy and her new husband's, and throws fabulous parties for the socialites of New York in order to garner Daisy's attention. Even after discovering Daisy to be married, he never questions whether she still loves him, and he begins to pursue her, inevitably starting an affair. Gatsby is not in love with the real Daisy, he is in love with the idea of Daisy. He believes in the American dream that he can accomplish anything and does in fact accomplish great feats. But his dream is inflexible and not open to discussion. He is in love with a figment of his imagination; the dream of the beautiful young girl he fell in love with as a child. He clings to the hopes and dreams of his childhood which leads to  inevitable tragedy. Although Daisy does care about Gatsby, she is essentially an unfeeling narcissistic person who cares more about her image and social standing than anything Gatsby could ever offer. Hardly the angelic creature that Gatsby so idealized throughout his life. Even after having these facts shoved in his face, Gatsby refuses to believe: ""Can't repeat the past?"" he cried incredulously. ""Why of course you can!"" If you were to change a few specifics and locales, 'The Great Gatsby' could easily pass for a novel of our time. In fact, Fitzgerald is one of the first to so eloquently characterize a person like Gatsby; someone whose entire life is so completely a product of their society."
"I first read The Great Gatsby as a summer reading assignment for 10th grade English class. I was on vacation at the Jersey shore, and, as I lay in bed in the evenings, sunburnt and calm after swimming in the ocean all day, I discovered a thrilling new world. The world of seductive glamour and heartbreaking tragedy. The story has stayed with me, more than 30 years later. I've re-read Gatsby many times, and have thought about it throughout my life. The words of Nick Carroway, the narrator, who tells us the wisdom his father imparted to him as a child...basically to never forget the advantages you were born with, and that there are others who were not born so lucky. This is the story of America. It is also the story of F. Scott Fitzgerald. He was the not-so-rich, not so aristocratic, lover of rich girls and aristocrats. He lived in the world of the very rich, and heard the money tinkling in the voices of the rich girls he met in prep school, and then at the Princeton dances. These are the girls that melded into his greatest heroine (or, perhaps, anti-heroine) Daisy Buchanan. Daisy lives on the the top of the heap of all of the Fitzgerald girls. Well, perhaps just a notch underneath Zelda, the real-life Mrs. Fitzgerald. Gatsby was the beginning of an obsession for me. I went on to read everything by and about Fitzgerald. One of the most exciting parts of my first visit to Paris at age 18 was discovering a collection of his short stories that had never been collected in book form. In college, I spent many evenings browsing the stacks of the BU library reading the biographies of FSF. Although all of his stories provided enjoyment, and I would recommend them all to any budding romantics out there, it is Gatsby which is closest to perfection. So many wondrous details.  I believe they called it ""A Novel WIthout a Hero."" But Gatsby is the hero, because he dared to believe that he could re-capture the first rush of young love. It's like capturing a falling star in a milk bottle. And it's something we all long for. To keep the magic of first experience. The act of reading this novel for the first time is an act of magic. Do not pass it up."
"Jay Gatsby lives in a large mansion on the water in Long Island, New York, circa 1925.  He hosts enormous parties each weekend attended by hundreds of people whom are uninvited and do not even know him.  But that does not bother him.  He is the perfect host, always making sure that his guests have everything their heart's desire.  Nick Carraway lives next door and works in the City selling bonds.  He is originally from the midwest but has relocated East to seek his fortune.  He is befriended by Gatsby and others in elite social circles including a college friend Tom Buchannan and his wife Daisy, who is also Nick's cousin.  But the world appears smaller and smaller as Nick discovers that Gatsby is in love with Daisy and that they dated once, years before, prior to her wedding to Tom.  Gatsby has never gotten over Daisy and spends his every minute in an effort to win her back and prove his love.Fitzgerald's best known novel is filled with love, hate, intrigue, and friendship.  He describes the frivolity of the time as contrasted with the sadness of human lonliness and insecurity.  What seems to say so little given that it is a very short book, really says quite a bit in what it does not say.  Romantic relationships that are described as happy clearly illustrate the dispair and sadness that is truly being suffered by those that are not truly in love with each other.  Platonic relationships that seem losely connected actually describe tight friendships that are closer than others that portend to be strong.With each reading of this novel more of what Fitzgerald meant to convey comes through.  It is the type of novel that grows with the reader.  Reading it at different times in ones life will change what the reader gets out of it and enjoys.  It is a timeless classic that continues to get better over time."
"The Great Gatsby, a novel by F. Scott Fitzgerald, takes place in the fantastic city of New York. Nick Carraway, a southern boy, leaves the farms and hills of the South to live where the noisy traffic and tall skyscrapers of the North surround him. Of course to Nick, everything is so different. For one thing, New York is a more ""open minded"" kind of place and Fitzgerald allows us to explore the feelings that Nick encounters on such a drastic change. We move along with Nick throughout the novel, bouncing around from character to character. We also find the dramatic difference between ""West Eggers"" and ""East Eggers"". Daisy, a second cousin to Nick, is in fact an ""East Egger"" and she and her husband, Tom Buchanan, unload a boat load of secrets, lusts, and well kept mischievous acts. Nick of course tries to keep out of things but there is no avoiding what Tom and Daisy are dealing with. Jordan Baker, a pro-golfer, becomes a good friend of Nick's and they both are on the outside looking in on the Buchanan's rocky marriage. Nick finds that he's very fond of Jordan but tries to stay alert so that he will not be sucked into any of the chaos. What will this novel be without Fitzgerald's most mysterious character, Jay Gatsby? Jay Gatsby, from the very start of the story is a very fine, handsome, and yet awe-inspiring man. Nick's curiosity of this creature only lure's the reader to find out what this Gatsby character is all about. Now of course you'll learn that ""East Eggers"" are not too fond of the ""West Eggers"" and Gatsby just happens to be a ""West Egger"". So, of course there's some dispute between Tom and Gatsby when they are first introduce in the novel. However, this dispute goes far beyond where each men are living. The reader finds out about Daisy's past and how she and Gatsby are more then just acquaintances. It seems that many of characters in Fitzgerald's novel are looking to attain something. What that something is, well it all depends on that character. Throughout the book we still find that even though Nick begins to talk with Gatsby he still doesn't know anything about him. Gatsby throws these extravagant parties and yet is rarely present at the occasions. However, Nick and Gatsby become very good friends and all the secrets begin to spill out to reveal who Gatsby truly is. Toward the end of the novel you may think that the story may slowly fade out and the book will come to an end, however Fitzgerald throws a huge shocker that will keep you suspended in your chair. Lives are changed forever and all Nick can do is watch helplessly from the sidelines. F. Scott Fitzgerald's novel The Great Gatsby is truly a remarkable story. The characters all have their place. You're able to create bonds and dislikes which make up a great book."
"THE GREAT GATSBY BOOK REVIEW  The novel, The Great Gatsby, is a work of fiction written by F. Scott Fitzgerald around 1924-1925. It is told to us from the perspective of Nick Carraway, one of the main characters. Through Carraway we learn about the rest of the characters and their way of living. The book introduces time, love, and reality as its major subjects. From beginning to end, Carraway mentions time for an event that takes place, along with the season which gives a certain type of mood. The character of Jay Gatsby runs after luxury and wealth in order to gain the love of Daisy Buchanan. Through this action Fitzgerald demonstrates the hardship he had to go through in order to be with his love, Zelda. Similarly, other events in the book are related to the author's life.  Fitzgerald raises the issue of morals and decency in this novel, however, each of his character face a problem with morals. Nick Carraway believes he is the only one who is honest and decent but I believe he is not as good as he thinks he is. Carraway secretly forms opinions about the others but when he needs information or company he has no problem being around them. I don't believe this action of his to be decent behavior, consequently he is not decent as he says to be. At first, Carraway is very curious to meet the famous Jay Gatsby, a mysterious and interesting guy everyone talks about, but towards the middle he changes his opinion about him, making Gatsby the mean guy and in the end Carraway is once again on Gatsby's side because he feels sorry for the guy.  Carraway's cousin Daisy is dishonest with her marriage and to her Gatsby, her love. She appears to be innocent and unaware of her husbands affair and yet she herself goes of with another man, not caring about the consequences her marriage would have to face. Jay Gatsby has lied his way into the lifestyle that he is living, all for his true love, which he hopes will someday return back to him. As you can see, Fitzgerald has his characters based on a web of lies and problems, which hardly leaves them any room for happiness.  I believe the novel to be very informative and descriptive. All the characters are introduced with a full detail of their appearance, actions and achievements so far in life. For this very reason, the book did not hold my interest. I thought it to have no real meaning behind it and didn't quite enjoy it even after we were done with the book and surely didn't think of it as a classic. I definitely would not recommend this novel to read but if you enjoy drama that is pointless than go right ahead and read the book."
"Sypnosis:The Great Gatsby is narrated by Nick Carraway, a young man from the West who moves to New York City in the 1920's to learn about the bond business. This book is about Jay Gatsby, a young wealthy neighbor who lives in a huge mansion, and his tragic love for Daisy Buchanan, Nick's beautiful cousin. However, she is already married to Tom Buchanan. Gatsby once dated her before World War I but had to leave to fight in it. He still loves Daisy though after many years and moved back to New York to impress her with his wealth. Apparently, she does not realize Gatsby even lives there because he asks Nick to organize a reunion with her. Nevertheless, Daisy falls back in love with him during the reunion and the two begin an affair. Gatsby then stops throwing his extravagant parties as they were only meant to attract her attention. Before long, Tom learns of their relationship and is outraged by his wife's infidelity, even though he is already involved in an affair with a woman named Myrtle Wilson. Afterwards, he forces a group of friends including Nick and Daisy to accompany him to a hotel where he confronts Gatsby. There, he accuses him of making his fortune illegally by bootlegging alcohol. Attempting to prove he cannot hurt him, Tom sends her back to East Egg with Gatsby. However, while driving through a road, Nick, Jordan, and Tom discover Gatsby's car struck and killed Myrtle earlier. Nick then learns from Gatsby that Daisy was actually driving the car when it killed Myrtle but he intends to take the blame. The next day, Tom mistakenly tells George Wilson, Myrtle's husband, that Gatsby ran over her. George concludes that he must've been her lover and shoots him dead in his mansion. However, he also commits suicide. Nick is the only one left to organize Gatsby's funeral and after doing so, he heads back West, disgusted by the life in New York.Essential Questions:What is the truth and how do you know?This question refers to the truth that Jay Gatsby hides behind his rather superficial façade. In an attempt to impress Daisy, he lies and creates an appealing past far from his own. Her high status would not suit his low birth so Gatsby makes up many stories. For example, he claims to be an Oxford man when he really in fact dropped out of this prestigious university after only months. Also, his ""drugstores"" sell things far from medicinal such as alcohol. In addition, Gatsby does not tell Daisy that he loves her but throws wild parties instead in an attempt to attract her attention, assuming that money could always cover up for anything."
"[...],  There is the brighter blue and the darker blue. For the brighter side, blue is the color of the earth and the sky, represents purity and beauty, and holds wonders to the limits beyond the eyes. For the darker side, it is synonyms with dreary, dismal, depressed and gloomy, and phrases like into-the-blue are associated with extreme exasperation. These two different and contrasting qualities of blue come into perfect match in The Great Gatsby, with the brighter blue matching the dreams and glories of Gatsby's life, and the darker blue matching the cold gray sadness of Gatsby's reality. The blue ocean and sky, the BLUE music, and the blue eyes of Dr. Eckleburg are three themes showing these contradictions. Blue is the color of Gatsby's tragedy.  Rain, ocean, and the swimming pool are where Gatsby's dreams once lay, but also where they vanish.  Gatsby loves Daisy, but he is always separated from her by blue water. At first it is the Atlantic Ocean, and then it is the water that separates East Egg from West Egg. Gatsby dreams of Daisy all this time and the blue distance is the medium through which his dreams grow into the grandest proportions. In fact, blue, the color without edge gave Gatsby too much room of imagination, and at the end, golden fruits turned out to be the same old apple trees. Really, who can argue that the ocean is not a beautiful thing, but yet with all the tragic dreams that this grand blue beauty empowered people to, is it not also the greatest curse?  Then there is the rain and the swimming pool, which further add to the sadness. It is significant that it rains both during the meeting of Gatsby and Daisy, and Gatsby `s burial. Gatsby's blue dreams was a cloud building up in all these years. It gets too heavy that it collapses with reality and falls on to the hard earth. Gatsby dies in his swimming pool, on one of the last days of summer, when the pool is drained. The pool represents his blue dream, and Gatsby dies in this pool of dream, or more accurately, was killed by his dream. At the end, the once flourishing bright hopes of light blue, becomes the smoke of gun shot, a darker blue dimmed by the setting sun.  Blue is the music of the 20th , it is popular, beautiful, creative, full of soul, and relieves people of their pains. Yet, the songs are about Poverty, hard times, Lost love, Sexuality, and Oppression. Listening to BLUE music is using sadness to defeat sadness itself, and this contradiction has the same quality as the contradiction of the color blue and of Gatsby's life. The ""wailing"" of the Beale Street Blue's ""hopeless comment"", while "" a hundred pairs of golden and silver slippers shuffled the shining dust.""(P158) during Daisy's party with boys after she losses patience with Gatsby is a good example. All night saxophones will play this music among ""golden slippers"" of happiness, but inside there is only the depressing notes of the ""wailing hopeless"" BLUE. It presents happiness as a brief stop on the train of a depressing life. Then there is the ""There is music from my neighbor's house through the summer nights. In his blue gardens.....""(P42) when Nick witnesses Gatsby's magnificent party. This ""Blue Garden"" is where Gatsby waits, and where sad music of the Blue flows with a million bottles of gay champions in a lonely and crowded symphony. There is grandeur, yet inside this grandeur are fighting husbands and wives, people talking who did not know each other, and drunker who attempts to drive a broken car.  The people are empty, they are searching for ""fun"", only because they are confused about life and their place in their life. The ""blue garden"" did not have blue grass, but had blue music, and a blue soul, and that blue soul belongs to all the people at the party, and the host himself.  The symbol of the valley of ashes is ""The eyes of Doctor T. J. Eckleburg"". They are ""blue and gigantic--their retinas are one yard high."", and its ""persistent stare"" is always watching over. This stare by this brighter color over the lesser colors around it makes the pure blue eyes seem like a ruler. A ruler to which all the forgotten ashes and decays are hopelessly compared to, and the reality around is so corrupted and ugly that they even clouded the ruler itself. Words ""pale""(P167) and ""faded""(127) describe the blue eyes, which to a greater extend show this overcrowding of darker forces. The gray ash field is the reality of the world, and underneath the grand mansions of Gatsby and Tom is a thousand valley of ashes. They support the superficial happiness, but that happiness is to fall and to become a part of the gray burial mound at anytime. In fact, Gatsby becomes a part of the ashes even before he dies, he has nothing real, except a empty dream for Daisy. The blue here represents the only hope inside a hopeless world,  because it is the only color inside a colorless valley of ashes. It is clear that the blue here is different from the blue ocean and BLUE music. It is still about hope and despair, but of a different and higher sort.  Near the end of the book, Wilson repeats ""God sees everything"" as he looks at the blue eyes. It is questionable if Fitzgerald is calling people to turn away from the fate of been buried in the evil ashes and turn back to the promise of God. But it is clear that those blue eyes of a certain moral values are been ignored, and it is Fitzgerald's intention for people to pay more attention to this only color of promise.  Gatsby lives in the fancies of the blue music, sleeps in the dreams of the blue ocean, and is buried under the blue eyes of God. The use of the color blue shows not just the contradictions of Gatsby's life, but also that of his generation, the roaring 20th with all its laughs of the brighter blue and tears of the darker blue (as on the cover). The Great Gatsby is about hope, the collapse of hope, and more hope, and blue, with all its contradictory qualities, best mirrors this tragic story."
"Why is ' The Great Gatsby' so loved? Why is it so popular ? Why do literary critics value it so highly ?I will venture a few speculations without providing of course a definitive answer.One is that it is simply a beautifully written work. The tone the voice from the very beginning have a charm an appeal that draws us.Secondly, the book is about glamorous American, about money and success, great American themes.Thirdly, it's more deep theme is the theme of dream, also American dream, and reality. It is the green light of the great American future, it is the dream of young American making himself over into his own ideal. It is the American theme of the self- made man, the American dream story from Franklin on.Fourthly, it is the charm of Romance and great wealth.Fifthly, Fitzgerald's remarkable ability to create or capture an atmosphere, a feeling of  time, of a special kind of American world. Consider the way he describes Grand Central Station or the trip out to the West, or the two Eggs of Long Island.It is about human loneliness and abandonment. The great scene of the aftermath, of Gatsby's home , of no one coming to the funeral except that one belated guest of the never- ending party.There is too the famous list of characters at the Gatsby party, a satirical list of America's social- climbing reality.And again the great dream and romance. Of the new continent opening before us. Of the American hero whose very dreaming is his greatness and romantic quality . And the failure too and the tragedy of Gatsby's fall. And the veniality and trivality of the American reality which contradicts and confounds the dream. The sordidness by which Tom Buchannan and his mistress bring Gatsby and Daisy down. And the final so American note of still seeking the new and better world, the great dream ahead .A work which simply holds it readers in its very special charm and grace, the quintessential American embrace.Out to the territory ahead of us, the green light , the orgiastic future a man's got to live and dream by."
"This review relates to the first Scribner trade paperback edition, 2003, of the corrected text authorized by the estate of the author.  It includes a preface and notes by Matthew J. Bruccoli, a publisher's afterward, a drawn map of the story site and a brief Fitzgerald biography.The green light in THE GREAT GATSBY is probably the most frequently cited example of ""objective correlative"" in fiction.  T. S. Eliot coined the phrase objective correlative for the author's device of describing an object so that it reveals an emotional state, but without explicitly linking the object and the emotion in the narrative.Fitzgerald mentioned the green light three times in the novel.  On page 26, when Nick is observing Gatsby gazing across the bay between East Egg and West Egg, Nick involuntarily glances seaward and distinguishes ""nothing except a single green light, minute and far away, that might have been the end of a dock.""  On page 98, Gatsby says to Daisy, ""You always have a green light that burns at the end of your dock.""  Finally, on page 189, at the end of the story, Nick the narrator tells us ""Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgastic* future that year by year recedes before us.""  By then, the reader understands that the green light correlates to Gatsby's distracted longing for Daisy.*In his afterword, Mr. Bruccoli claims that Fitzgerald purposely used ""orgastic"" instead of ""orgiastic.""  The Encarta dictionary accepts orgastic, but not the Microsoft Word spell checker or my WordWeb Thesaurus.For those interested in a timeline, do a Google search on: ""last day of summer,"" 1922, Gatsby.  The results should be two hits, both good timelines.  The one on geocities has at least one error, however; it has Cody dieing in 1910 instead of five years later.I found 113 proper names of persons, some only given names, some only surnames in the story.  Of these, 74 are names of Gatsby's guests listed on pages 65 - 67.  Fitzgerald mentions only two of those guests later in the story.  He does not give ""Owl Eyes"" a proper name, but he figures as a significant character."
"In American literature, there are two distinct ""schools"" that emerged from the Lost Generation of ex-patriates who lived in Paris after World War I. These are the Hemingway and Fitzgerald wings of political novelization.Fitzgerald was a member of the East Coast elite, the Ivy Leaguers of the Hamptons known as the ""idle rich."" Hemingway represents a more red-blooded Midwesternism, tempered by the war and it phyical and mental horrors.""The Great Gatsby"" describes a con man from the lower classes of Middle America who remakes himself. He achieves fabulous wealth in the heady early days of the Roaring 20s, at  time when the stock market was unregulated by the SEC and such things could be accomplished. In the manner of the Count of Monte Cristo, he makes a fantastic splash on High Society, a nouveau riche pretty boy, supposedly an officer in the Army during the Great War, who owns a huge Long Island mansion and holds enormous Summer parties.The book centers on the angst of the idle rich, the love affairs of the morally ambiguous, people who must look for newer and more outrageous ways to tickle their fancies. Naturally, Gatsby's attractiveness among the gorgeous socialite women of the Hamptons stirs resentment among the old school boys, who question his validity.Fitzgerald here describes a world from the standpoint of guilt; guilt at being rich. He paints a picture of people who have money without having earned it, who are not worthy of it in the entrepreneurial sense. This is an elite, liberal view - the opposite of the more hard-scrabble Hemingway world.Political views aside, Fitzgerald is a fabulous writer who lends a distinct voice to the American literary scene. This is the proverbial Great American Novel.STEVEN TRAVERSAUTHOR OF ""BARRY BONDS: BASEBALL'S SUPERMAN""STWRITES@AOL.COM"
"Some works of art are so engrained in our popular consciousness that it's almost impossible to judge them without the interference of all our collective baggage we bring as we approach them. Gatsby is a classic example. Having read the novel ten times over the last twenty years, I have enjoyed a certain distance and just as importantly the opportunity to compare different impressions at different stages of my life. The result is that I am even more impressed with the novel than all the annoying hype and commotion that continues to follow the novel would allow me to have. Without boring you about all the themes that have been hashed over and over, I would like to point out that there is a great question the novel asks us: Why does the narrator Nick have sympathy for Gatsby while loathing all the other chasers of the American Dream? It seems that Gatsby is a contradictory fellow, part ruthless dreamer zealously selling his soul to afford himself the trappings of fame, popularity, and glory. However, Gatsby, unlike the other ambitious characters in this novel, has a certain innocence and vulnerbility. Also, he is a true believer in his own delusion that if he can live a life a wealth and afford parties, he will overcome his childhood limitations and win the love of others. It's his craving of others' love that makes him sympathetic. In a way, he's a spiritual cousin of Citizen Kane who, for all his gaudy possessions, simply wanted the unconditional love represented by ""Rosebud"" on his sled, the embodiment of childhood belonging. Nick the narrator has the sensitivity to see this wounded child in Gatsby and reserves judgment against him.Gatsby's pathological hunger for attention and popularity reminds me of all the people who go on Reality TV shows, hoping to promote themselves and be seen by all, grabbing their fifteen minutes of fame even as they debase themselves in various types of tomfoolery that showcase America's blind ambition and back-stabbing competition. Many years earlier, Fitzgerald saw how dangerous it was to blindly embrace American images of success without self-knowledge and without a moral code to keep us sane and he wrote about this theme so elegantly in Gatsby, a masterpiece that transcends all our limiting preconceptions we bring to it."
"I had to read The Great Gatsby for my 11th grade English class.  Now I have read the book four times, and I have yet to understand what makes this novel receive all the praise it does.  The plot is like a Beverly Hills 90210 episode in the 1920s.  The plot is that Gatsby loved a beautiful socialite Daisy way back when.  Then Gatsby had to leave for the war, though Daisy promised to wait for him.  Unfortunately, Daisy didn't wait and married the overtly rich Tom Buchanan instead.  So Gatsby accumulated all this wealth and stature in hopes of winning back Daisy.  There are two problems here though.  One, Gatsby doesn't love Daisy, he loves what she stands for, money, power and social standing. Two, Daisy doesn't love Gatsby, she is too vapid and shallow and only loves men with money (and when she first met Gatsby he told her he was wealthy, which at the time was a lie) which is why she married Tom instead of waiting for Gatsby.  I also had a problem with Nick as the narrator.  If this was supposed to be a story of Gatsby and Daisy why on earth do we care about who he is having lunch with or what the weathers like?  Also, when things happened, like Tom breaking Myrtle's nose, Nick didn't seem to care he just told the reader about it and them went on to something else (""The sky was shining blue as bright as a diamond""..blah blah blah)  Upon reading the reviews here I noticed that many kids like me also had to read this book and most them didn't like it.  I don't hate this book and I'm not going off on one of those ""This was so boring!"" tangents.  My problem was with the characters.  Daisy was a vapid, shallow money loving gold digger.  I couldn't understand why any man would love her.  Gatsby spent so much time trying to live up to the measures of a women who would never really love him unless he was made out of gold. Tom was a hypocritical, racist, sexist punk.  Jordan was a lying, cheating loser.  If they are examples of being wealthy, of fulfilling the American dream (in this book is to do what? Become a bored snob?) then I don't think its really worth it."
"The Great Gatsby is about a man named Nick Carraway who moves to New York.  He ends up renting a small cottage next to a mansion, which is occupied by the man who gives his name to the book, Jay Gatsby.  This story takes place during what was known as the ""roaring twenties"" when everyone seemed to get rich quick.  People who weren't there to experience it first hand seem to see it as a time when everyone got rich, went to speakeasies and consumed alcohol illegally.  F. Scott Fitzgerald seems to think that the twenties were an era of possibility, aspiration and achievement.  Gatsby is a deep, mysterious character that has secretly loved Nick's second cousin, Daisy Buchanan, since they used to date five years before the story takes place.  In the present, Daisy is married to Tom Buchanan, and they have a young daughter.  Tom has a mistress, who is also married, and Gatsby takes the opportunity to win back Daisy's heart. Like Gatsby, I've made the mistake of thinking I wasn't good enough for someone and that they wouldn't accept me just the way I was.  Jay Gatsby took it to a higher level than I when he lied about his upbringing and basically ""wrote his own story.""  It is heartbreaking to think that someone won't accept you for who you really are.  It hurts when people see your flaws and imperfections as what makes them better than you instead of viewing those flaws as what makes you human.  This book, narrated by Nick, who said, ""I am one of the few honest people I have ever known,"" brought me to the realization that people should not be ashamed of their past and the details of their less than perfect lives and instead learn to love them because it is what makes us who we are. The Great Gatsby accentuates the idea that ambition is a strong virtue. It reminds us that when you strive to become the best and you want it bad enough, you'll get it.  Our lives should be about turning ambition into success instead of material things and status.  We need to achieve happiness in our own lives before we try and be happy with someone else.  This book is a good choice for a romantic and someone who needs motivation, like I did, to be proud of their flaws and their uniqueness. I would recommend this book to other people with hope that they get a message from it.  A visual mind will see the story as a result of the description used.  I would also recommend this book to someone who needs a reminder that success is achieved by ambition and hard work, and that all people, as perfect as they may seem, have details in their lives that they find faulty."
"F. Scott Fitzgerald's later novels symbolize decadence, expatriate hedonism, and excess. His first novel, This Side of Paradise, tells a story (rather biographical) of a hopeful young man in college, on the verge of transcendence and moral epiphany. One might conclude that something happened along the way, that, how could an author, so interested in classical morality, come to end writing about rich drunks living in Europe.The Great Gatsby fills in such disparity, as if Fitzgerald himself learned the lesson that all readers learn, in writing this gloriously sad and righteous book. Perhaps it was impossible to take any hero seriously, after creating Jay Gatsby.Jay Gatsby loves without judgment, without conquest or need. The sad irony is that the object of such noble sentiment is a shallow yet benign Daisy, a lethargic, bored, and wealthy philistine. Gatsby is not a wise hero, otherwise this novel would be pedantic and obvious. Gatsby shares the shallowness of modern society, and its belief system of material possession. Gatsby is, simply put, `unaffected', pure, a blind unabashed dreamer. Jay and his friends, all rather crass and shallow except for our narrator and moral moderator, Nick Calloway, go back and forth between cocktail parties, driving under T.J Eckleberg's Eyes, an abandoned billboard optometry advertisement. Themes of T.S. Eliot's hauntingly prophetic Wasteland are echoed. When a drunken night of obliviousness ends in the death of Tom Buchanan's (a fierce egoist and staunch `realist') mistress, the moral fiber of all those involved break down, and finger's begin to twitch and point.It is no surprise that Gatsby dies in this tragic yet hopeful novel. The arbitrariness of his death, the absurd lineage of events that precede the incident, seem obsolete and invariable in a way, almost as if his death was fitting, imminent, somehow purposeful. Readers remember the grotesquely graphic car accident, the symbolic green light across the bay, and the last scene in Gatsby's swimming pool, where ingrown waves beat `ceaselessly against the past'. Let me assert another sublime moment: Jay stands, perched at the top of his marble staircase, wearing a colored suit. Nick notices a pink reflection below Jay, reflected off the immaculate surface Gatsby built, and now stands on. Perhaps the color leaking out of Gatsby was an arbitrary choice of wardrobe. Perhaps it was fate, that sooner or later, the color of blood, as if diluted in water, would surround and embrace our floating hero."
"F. Scott Fitzgerald's later novels symbolize decadence, expatriate hedonism, and excess. His first novel, This Side of Paradise, tells a story (rather biographical) of a hopeful young man in college, on the verge of transcendence and moral epiphany. One might conclude that something happened along the way, that, how could an author, so interested in classical morality, come to end writing about rich drunks living in Europe.The Great Gatsby fills in such disparity, as if Fitzgerald himself learned the lesson that all readers learn, in writing this gloriously sad and righteous book. Perhaps it was impossible to take any hero seriously, after creating Jay Gatsby.Jay Gatsby loves without judgment, without conquest or need. The sad irony is that the object of such noble sentiment is a shallow yet benign Daisy, a lethargic, bored, and wealthy philistine. Gatsby is not a wise hero, otherwise this novel would be pedantic and obvious. Gatsby shares the shallowness of modern society, and its belief system of material possession. Gatsby is, simply put, `unaffected', pure, a blind unabashed dreamer. Jay and his friends, all rather crass and shallow except for our narrator and moral moderator, Nick Calloway, go back and forth between cocktail parties, driving under T.J Eckleberg's Eyes, an abandoned billboard optometry advertisement. Themes of T.S. Eliot's hauntingly prophetic Wasteland are echoed. When a drunken night of obliviousness ends in the death of Tom Buchanan's (a fierce egoist and staunch `realist') mistress, the moral fiber of all those involved break down, and finger's begin to twitch and point.It is no surprise that Gatsby dies in this tragic yet hopeful novel. The arbitrariness of his death, the absurd lineage of events that precede the incident, seem obsolete and invariable in a way, almost as if his death was fitting, imminent, somehow purposeful. Readers remember the grotesquely graphic car accident, the symbolic green light across the bay, and the last scene in Gatsby's swimming pool, where ingrown waves beat `ceaselessly against the past'. Let me assert another sublime moment: Jay stands, perched at the top of his marble staircase, wearing a colored suit. Nick notices a pink reflection below Jay, reflected off the immaculate surface Gatsby built, and now stands on. Perhaps the color leaking out of Gatsby was an arbitrary choice of wardrobe. Perhaps it was fate, that sooner or later, the color of blood, as if diluted in water, would surround and embrace our floating hero."
"The Great Gatsby starts off as kind of a boring book, book but it ends up being a good book. The story starts off slowly, but has a lot of plot to make you want to keep reading. The story is interesting because the whole picture comes together as you read. The story is a bit complicated if you skim through it, so it is a book you have to read in its entirety in order to understand the stories plot twists and to understand the characters. The characters way of speaking gives the book its early 1900's feel, and the clothes they wear also help. The book is in a way a love story, and is the focus, but there is a lot more than just the focus on Gatsby wanting to be with Daisy. There are the relationships between Daisy and Tom, Tom and Myrtle, and the relationship between Myrtle and George. These relationships create examples of the characters are, conflict, and plot in the story are shown through dioulouge and situations. Example for showing that Tom was a violent person was when Myrtle shouted the name of his wife,""Daisy, Daisy, Daisy!"" Tom hits Myrtle in the face and breaks her nose. Why I recommend this book be because it is an interesting story. It's interesting in the way that truth slowly surfaces throughout the book. The story about Gatsby and who he really is makes you want to keep reading, and also to see if he achieves his goal. The book successfully covers how Gatsby uses the American Dream, power and money, to try and achieve his goal of winning back Daisy. The way Gatsby gets his power and money, bootlegging alcohol, fits in perfect due to the time period that the story takes place because there is a prohibition going on.One thing I didn't like about the book is that the book is very detailed, especially about the characheters. I found it difficult to come back to the book after not reading it for a week. I went back several times to remember the story and recent developments. Other than that one minor difficulty the book is very good and is recommended."
"In general, I was pretty impressed with the movie version of The Great Gatsby (with Mira Sovergno-- sorry, don't know the spelling of that).  There were, however a few moments within this picture that I was vaguely disappointed in.For one, a large portion of the acting was over the top and very unbelieveable.  The man who played Gatsby is perfect in terms of appearance, but it is obvious that he has either never read the book, or that he had a misinterpretation of what Gatsby is like.  He played him too cocky, and even when he tried to act unsure of himself, it still came off to arrogant. However, Gatsby wasn't the only character that I found myself displeased with. Jordan's appearance wasn't at all what I expected.  I had personally pictured her as a longer haired blonde woman, and looking more sporty as well.  In contrast, I believe that the people who played Nick and Tom were absolutely perfect.  I was especially please with Nick-- he did a wonderful job of capturing the essence of the character, and seemed to fit very well into a surprisingly nonchalant character.  However, there were a few parts of this movie that was very impressed with.A major portion of the movie rendition of the Great Gatsby I was happy with was how true it stayed to the book. I found myself questioning if anything was changed at all, and I don't think that I found one single part, other than the fact that it had to be cut down in order to make into a movie.  I know that this is a very hard task to accomplish, especially since so much happens in the book, and I was extremely pleased.In general, the combination of a good script and so-so acting made me have an overall neutral feeling for this movie.  It was entertaining, but I obviousley enjoyed the book much more.Thank you, Mr. Mr, for making me read this book."
"Mr.M:The movie, The Great Gatsby was about a love...square was it? A man who has been given the name, Jay Gatsby, lives in East Egg, New York. He is obsessed with money, and so are all his neighbors.  Five years before the story takes place in the 1920s, Gatsby met a lady by the name of Daisy. They fell in love, but Gatsby had to got to war. Daisy couldn't wait for him, so she married Tom, a wealthy man, yet has been cheating on her with Myrtle. She is a lower class, rather fanatical women who is married to Wilson. This whole story about how money corrupts people and their loves, is told by the perspective of Nick, who becomes Gatsby's closest friend. The movie was very closely related to the book, even using some of the same dialogue in parts. Yet the book seems to have more foreshadowing than the movie. Events such as when the car crashes in front of Gatsby's house after a party of his is not included. The casting has its ups and downs as well. Characters such as Daisy and Gatsby shined in their performance. Daisy had a flowing, yet somewhat ditzy attribute about her that made her perfect for the role. Toby Stephens has a tricky role to play being Gatsby, yet he pulled off the ambitious, prosperous character. One character that was not cast correctly was Tom. In the book he is described as a huge, muscular man who is forceful and rough. Martin Donovan was not much larger than Gatsby, and did not have the stature of a football player. The director, Robert Markowitz, must have done his research on the 1920s, because even the music had its place. The jazz background music brought to life the scenes, which were all very colorful. Gatsby's house had rich colors, such as gold and red, to portray all the money he had. The dressed that the women wore were just right. Myrtle did not wear the type of dress that Daisy would have. This was right on because Myrtle was part of the lower working class, and Daisy was an upscale woman.All together, I was very impressed with the movie. It was closely related to the book, which would make it easy for one to understand, even if they hadn't read the book...yet. The movie kept my attention throughout the entire time I was watching it, it never became boring or repetitive. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who has every had interests in well directed, suspenseful dramas with a bit of action."
"Mr M's Movie Review: The Great Gatsby The movie opens with the death of Gatsby and the falling of the precious cufflinks to the bottom of the swimming pool.  About five years ago Gatsby loved and wanted to marry Daisy, but couldn't because he was too poor.  Finally he has earned enough money, but Daisy is already married. The Great Gatsby is the story of upper-class society in the 1920s and the interactions between a group of people. Nick, played by Paul Rudd, was what I expected Nick to be like when I read the book.  He was short which I think was supposed to show his unassertiveness and also he just looked controlled and exactly like the character I had read about before.  Gatsby was played by Toby Stephens, who did a good job.  The only thing I didn't like about his performance was that he reminded me of a really sleazy guy.  When his smile turned to the side, he looked like he was trying to sell you a car or something.  Overall I thought the cast was well chosen except for Gatsby because he seemed like a jerk. The movie seemed very accurate to book (themes, characters, symbolism, plot).  It was really neat that when the two cars reached the setting of Myrtle's house that it was all dark and gray and colorless.  This was a change from the bright colors the rich and symbolized the difference between the two classes.  Another similarity involved the mood of the scenes.  Most of them seemed to fit very well, like when Daisy cried over the shirts and was like a little kid touching all of Gatsby's possessions.  This scene is supposed to give a feeling of materialism, and it's done very well.  A major difference between the book and this movie is that at the begging of the movie it shows Gatsby being shot in his pool.  I think the purpose of this was to get the movie of to a faster start before the introduction of the characters. One major problem with the movie was that it switched narrators about half way through.  Instead of being from the perspective of Nick, it switched to Gatsby and Daisy's perspective during their affair.  This is a little confusing because in the book Nick is informed about their relationship from other people, and that information is changed depending on who's telling it.  By changing this part in the movie, it takes away a certain character development that is given through the way they talk to others. An aspect of the movie that really impressed me was the camera movement towards the end.  Although seemingly insignificant, this detail can create different feelings depending on the quickness of the movement or how much waiting time is allowed.  After Gatsby is shot the camera goes from his body to his killer, Wilson, to the police officer, to Nick, and finally to the sky.  This sweeping movement gives the viewer a new piece of information every time it moves.  Also, the scene was relatively calm and relaxed, as the event was an inevitable conclusion.  I really liked the music of this movie.  It seemed to enhance each scene by making some of them more dramatic or warning the viewer when something bad is about to happen.  That's a quality that a movie can have that a book can't, it can use sound and visuals to bring the plot to a different level. Overall the Great Gatsby was a well-adapted movie of a book and used the extra senses to create feelings that weren't apparent before.  The director's knowledge of the themes, moods and characters was obvious through the careful presentation and flowing scenes.  One area in which this movie could have been better was some of the details like nick's perspective seemed a little different or untrue to the book."
"The Great Gatsby is an interesting novel which brings the ""Roaring Twenties"" to life.  The author of this book certainly knows how to maintain the reader's interest. The main scheme consists of a cast of colorful characters seemingly stuck in what modern day society would call ""a mild soap opera type of lifestyle."" At least each and every one of these characters that the writer, F. Scott Fitzgerald has come up with; either has already or attempts to commit at least one or more of the seven deadly sins. These sins include pride, envy, greed, anger, lust as the main occurrences, with, sloth and gluttony ranking more at the lower end of the events that take place throughout the book. The narrator, Nick Carraway, irreverently states his thoughts and opinions about nearly each and every one of the vibrant characters more than once as the story goes on. Should we as reader's value Nick's opinion is something that you will have to find out for yourself. Nick says, ""Gatsby turns out alright in the end."" I beg to differ with that statement but again, once the reader gets into the story he or she will realize  this is a suspenseful plot which leads up to the main idea of who Jay Gatsby really was and what his intentions were as he shared the same social circle as Nick's cousin, Daisy. The ""cast"" includes the infamous Jay Gatsby, who the book revolves around and his former lover, Daisy Buchannan, who decided to marry Tom, who was richer and readily available while Gatsby was away at war. Also worthy of mention is Tom's mistress, Myrtle Wilson who will eventually share the same fate as Jay Gatsby as the story evolves closer to the end of the tremendous fiction.  The bottom line being that The Great Gatsby is a great catch and a worthwhile read for any of us. We as readers should and could benefit from the literature and historical aspects in which F. Scott Fitzgerald has so terrifically written."
"Nick Carraway having graduated from Yale and fought in World War I has returned home to find a job.  Being unsettled, he decided to move to New York to learn the bond business.  The novel opens early in the summer of 1922 in West Egg, Long Island, where Nick has rented a house and seems to be unlike the other inhabitants of West Egg.  Next to his place, is the Gatsby's mansion.  Shortly after his arrival, Nick travels across the Sound to the more fashionable East Egg to visit his cousin Daisy Buchannan and her husband, Tom, a hulking, imposing man whom Nick had known in college.  While Nick is there, he meets a young woman golfer named Jordan Baker, whom Daisy wants Nick to be interested in.  During dinner, the telephone rings, and when Tom and Daisy leave the room, Jordan informs Nick that the caller is Tom's woman from New York.  Nick also learns a bit about Daisy and Tom's marriage: Jordan tells him that Tom has a lover, Myrtle Wilson, who lives in the valley of ashes, a gray industrial dumping ground between West Egg and New York City.  Not long after this revelation, Nick travels to New York City with Tom and Myrtle.  At a vulgar, gaudy party in the apartment that Tom keeps for the affair, Myrtle begins to taunt Tom about Daisy, and Tom responds by breaking her nose.As the summer continues, Nick turns his attention to his mysterious neighbor, who hosts weekly parties for the rich and fashionable.  Upon Gatsby's invitation, Nick attends one of the extravagant gatherings.  There, he bumps into Jordan Baker, as well as Gatsby himself.  Gatsby, a gracious host, remains apart from his guest; more of an observer more than a participant.  As the party winds down, Gatsby takes Jordan aside to speak privately.  Jordan is greatly amazed by what she's learned from Gatsby.One day, Nick and Gatsby take a trip into the city and there Nick meets Meyer Wolfshiem, one of Gatsby's associates and Gatsby's link to organized crime.  On that same day, while having tea with Jordan Baker, Nick learns the amazing story that Gatsby told her the night of his party.  Gatsby, it appears, is in love with Daisy Buchannan.  They met years earlier when he was in the army but could not be together because he did not yet have the means to support her.  In the intervening years, Gatsby made his fortune, all with the goal of winning Daisy back.  He bought his house so that he would be across the Sound from her and hosted the elaborate parties in the hopes that she would notice.  It has come time for Gatsby to meet Daisy again, face-to-face, and so, through the intermediary of Jordan Baker, Gatsby asks Nick to invite Daisy to his little house where Gatsby will show up unannounced.The day for the re-acquaintance of Gatsby and Daisy finally arrives.  Gatsby makes sure that everything is perfectly prepared, and wants every detail to be perfect for his reunion with his lost love.  When the two former lovers meet, their reunion is slightly nervous, but shortly, the two are again comfortable with each other..  Later on, the three move the party from Nick's house to Gatsby's, where he takes special delight in showing Daisy his meticulously decorated house and his impressive arrangement of belongings, as if demonstrating in a very tangible way just how far out of poverty he has traveled.When Nick, Jordan, and Tom take a drive one day, they discover that Gatsby's car has struck and killed Myrtle, Tom's lover.  They rush back to Long Island, where Nick learns from Gatsby that Daisy was driving the car when it struck Myrtle, but that Gatsby intends to take the blame.  The next day, Tom tells Myrtle's husband, George, that Gatsby was the driver of the car.  George, who has leapt to the conclusion that the driver of the car that killed Myrtle must have been her lover, finds Gatsby in the pool at his mansion and shoots him dead.  He then turns the gun on himself.After Gatsby's death, Nick is left to help prepare for his burial, only problem is that no one seems overly concerned with Gatsby's death.  A telegram from Gatsby's father indicates he will be coming from Minnesota to bury his son.  Gatsby's funeral hosts only Nick, Gatsby's father, a few servants, the postman, and the minister at his gravesite.  Although Gatsby, during his lifetime held high popularity, at the time of his death, he was completely forgotten.Nick, after everything he has experienced, heads back home to the Midwest."
"I decided to read The Great Gatsby knowing what a classic it's considered to be, but I have to say I didn't personally think it was great. I'll tell the basic plot to the story and then elaborate on my feelings.The story is told by Nick Carraway, a man living on Long Island next to the very wealthy Jay Gatsby. On first sight it appears Jay Gatsby has a wonderful live with his wealth and the extravagant parties he throws every week, but he's missing something. He's missing Daisy Buchanan's love. Daisy Buchanan is a woman he knew 5 years ago and fell in love with, but circumstances kept them apart. Coincidentally, Nick Carraway happens to be the 2nd cousin of Daisy whom lives only across a lake(which Gatsby knows). So, Gatsby befriends Carraway in an attempt to get back the love he lost. In retrospect, Carraway, as the narrator, relates the events of the period of his life in which he knew Gatsby and what happened.Reading this book, I just found trouble getting really into it. The characters are described well enough and a pretty clear picture of them is painted of them(except maybe for Gatsby who is always surrounded by some mystery) and the writing was pretty good(the book isn't bogged down with very sophisticated language or anything like that), but for about the first half of the book I just found things to be kind of boring. The 2nd half gets a little more interesting when things start to pick up between Daisy and Jay. Also, there's an interesting cast of characters which seem very real and make the book more interesting.Overall, I'd say that I would recommend reading this book since it is considered to be a classic and I know that others which read The Great Gatsby would probably have completely different opinions about the book and think it's great. Also, it's only about 197 pages, so it's really not too long. It's a book that I wouldn't be surprised that if I read again, like in a few years, perhaps maybe I'd have a different view of things. I do sort of get the feeling that maybe this is a book I'd appreciate a little more after another reading."
"During the hedonistic go-go years following the end of the First World War, F. Scott Fitzgerald was plainly alarmed by the cultural and financial excesses that marked America's new and what was for him, a perverted interest in the historically rooted American dream.  In this dream, begun by Ben Franklin in his autobiography, he lists, as does Jay Gatsby in THE GREAT GATSBY, a shopping list of virtues whose goal it is to inculcate those values that both Franklin and Gatsby thought would lead to material success. The difference between Ben Franklin and Jay Gatsby has more to say about the use of those virtues than their origin.  With Gatsby, the American Dream is not simply pulling himself up by his bootstraps from poverty to riches, but in his warped vision of that dream, Gatsby symbolizes what can go wrong when any upwardly mobile American allows another to recast that dream according to the competing dreams of another.  Gatsby believes that he loves the incredibly alluring Daisy Fay, a teenage society deb--beautiful, sexy, elegant--whom he sees as the ultimate goal for his life.  They meet, they fall in love (or do they? This is arguable) and they break up because Gatsby is too poor for her to marry.  Up to the point that they meet, Gatsby is pursuing the Franklinian version of the American ideal, which can be summed up as hard work + true grit = material success.  Gatsby wants success, but he wants it for himself.  After meeting and being rejected by Daisy, Gatsby now sees his dream as the means to achieve a higher dream: securing the affections of a woman whose limitations in taste and fidelity were obvious to all but him.  During the years of their separation, Gatsby worked hard to build his criminal empire that brought him the money and possessions that he truly saw as the missing variable in the romantic equation that would convince Daisy to be by his side.  Gatsby is wrong is so many ways that the reader is not sure whether to laugh at him for his emotional myopia or to pity him for the same reason.  Those critics who analyze Gatsby's role in the perversion of the American dream tend to focus on the Gatsby side of the equation, yet to understand the inner tragedy of this dream's deconstruction, one must also examine Daisy's role.  Exactly who is this Daisy Fay?  To begin with, consider her last name, which is an aberrant spelling of 'fey,' which means a doomed vision. Those who connect with her, both Gatsby and her brute husband Tom, are doomed to a life of trying to relate to a woman who cannot return basic human kindness.  Daisy is shallow, frivolous, and easily impressed by the very qualities that Tom showers her with (a $350,000 ring) and Gatsby shows her (those silk shirts that cause her to weep).  It is almost as if Daisy is auctioning herself off to the highest bidder.  Daisy's dream is the flipside of Franklin's.  She wants the rewards of hard work without incurring the demands of the work itself.  In the collision between these contrasting dreams, it comes as no surprise that buried somewhere in Daisy's soul is just enough of a link to harsh reality to remind her that Tom, despite his affairs and animalistic nature, is still preferable to a Gatsby, who offers only the illusion, not the reality of love.  When Nick tells Gatsby that the past cannot be reborn and reshaped into a present more to his liking, Gatsby stuns both Nick and the reader by saying, ""Of course it can.""  Gatsby's entire life and by extension his dream of success that is to include the questionable charms of Daisy, is seen as so flawed that whenever his dream meets a competing dream that has at least some root in reality, his dream of a green light that can blink into any color he wants will crash into a tragedy that resounds even today."
"This novel's best point is Fitzgerald's writing style.  Having such a light and lucid pen, Fitzgerald manages to describe scenes in such a way as to make them come to life.  He is also very subtle in his use of sarcasm (mostly demonstrated through the narrators remarks on those around him).  This ornate style is in contrast to the spare quality of the plot.  Basically, the story follows Nick Carraway's involvement in the relationship between Jay Gatsby and his --Gatsby's-- long time love (who is a married woman).  It plays out in a way that is very similar to Greek tragedies (imagine Oedipus Rex).  However, simple this may sound, it plays out in an interesting way, and is somewhat refreshing when compared to the modern day four-plot-twist-per-book style of writing (not to say that there aren't good modern writers; there are, of course).Another interesting aspect of this book is the idea of wealth, or the idealization of wealth.  All of the characters involved in this story are either bent on gaining, or flaunting money.  Gatsby throws lavish parties, and drives around in a distinctive automobile.  Nick is looking to earn a fortune in the supposedly limitless city of New York. Fitzgerald even lays down a sort of classist line (through Gatsby's lips, I believe):  ""The rich get richer, and the poor get children.""  It follows that within the book there are thin, nearly invisible, lines drawn between all the characters of different classes.  I would recomend this novel for anybody who is interested in clever writing. I'd also recomend this to anyone who's interested in the expatriot writers.  For while Fitzgerald is in contrast to Hemingway, they almost seem to compliment each other in defining the time period.  I would also recomend this to anybody who's interested in classic american literature, for it is very much a hallmark American story."
"The Great Gatsby, by F.S. Fitzgerald is a tragic love story. Throughout the novel, Fitzgerald is very descriptive and uses many themes to add a deeper understanding of the emotions and trials of the characters. Two major themes are wealth and self-improvement.  Jay Gatsby had been in love with Daisy since the two met a month before he was sent to war. Gatsby admired her voice and felt the ""stirring warmth that flowed from her as if her heart was trying to come out to (him) in one of those breathless, thrilling words."" She had ""an excitement in her voice that men who cared for her found difficult to forget.""  Gatsby loved Daisy's youthful beauty and cherished their limited time together. They devoted themselves to each other and expressed their powerful love. However, one problem existed- Gatsby's social status made him unsuitable for Daisy. Daisy came from a very wealthy family and Gatsby even noticed the ""money in her voice."" Throughout and after his service in military, Jay Gatsby desperately tried to improve himself and his status so that when he returned his proposal would be accepted.  When Jay Gatsby left the military, he began to establish himself with illegal ""new money."" He met Meyer Wolfshiem, who ""raised him... out of the gutter."" They were involved in illegal activities such as bootlegging, the unlawful sale of alcohol. They established a series of ""drug stores"" that provided it to the people. Jay Gatsby also forged counterfeit bonds. Although the sources of his income were illegal, he saw only the quick money that he was making and thought he could win Daisy back with his improved status. Sure enough, when Daisy and Jay were reunited, she was very impressed with his possessions. Oddly, she seemed to adore Jay more when he boasted his multiple silk shirts. She realized that Jay has done well for himself and she fell in love with him and the money. Although Daisy enjoyed Jay's lifestyle, she could not leave Tom Buchanan, her wealthy, arrogant husband (especially when she learned that the source of Jay's money may only be short-term.) Right before Jay Gatsby is killed, he began to realize that Daisy was a selfish being who was too obsessed with money and herself. He also realized that he spent about five years improving himself and becoming a man that he thought would be suitable for Daisy, but now he knows that Daisy was not suitable for him.  When Gatsby was murdered, none of his party guests, business acquaintances or even Daisy pay their respects at his funeral. Some had picnics to attend; others were too wrapped up in a business deal at the moment. Daisy's selfish mind ran from the problems she caused and escaped on a vacation with her husband. She sent neither a letter nor flowers to acknowledge Gatsby's death. She did not recognize the trouble and struggle that Gatsby went through to improve himself and to gain her approval. Instead she retreated into her luxuries and forgot the one who loved her.Money distorts the mind and often produces false priorities. Daisy was accustomed to a certain lifestyle and wanted luxuries more than love. She was not able to face realty and often retreated intoher money, which she thought would solve everything.  For Jay, it was the idea that he could buy Daisy's love. He soon realized that if someone would not accept you for who you are, then they are not worth accepting. Daisy was in love with money, not Tom or Jay---""So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past."""
"Gatsby is the typical late 20-year-old in the early 1920's era who's only purpose in life was to be reunited with his teenage lover. The novel is of his whole story, retold through the voice of eyewitness Nick Caraway. Only Mr. Caraway is aware of the true past of Gatsby's life and the strange events that are to come.  The Great Gatsby is an exciting and entertaining read. F. Scott Fitzgerald takes readers back in time to the scandal, rush, and lies of the 20's party scene. True love changes with the seasons and addresses and mistresses even faster. ""The world was awakened at night."" Affairs, alcohol and huge parties complete the look. But one man stays loyal to one young lady through it all.  This novel has great value in figurative language and educational usage. There are some themes throughout, however, that are questionable for younger readers. A mature age is recommended for anyone wanting to enjoy this thrilling read."
"My personal choice for The Great American Novel - with an emphasis on the American. This is, as narrator Nick Carraway notes, a story of the West after all. Fitzgerald's masterpiece captures the American dream at a point in time, and yet in a way that resonates down to us today. It remains the most accessible of the classics. I can't recall enjoying re reading a book more. Just a delight. Every chapter, every page, is luminous and heart breaking.  I returned to the book, haunted in many ways, not so much by Gatsby as by Carraway, the narrator, who happens to be in the perfect position to observe the Gatsby/Daisy Buchanan love story, as a relative of Daisy and a neighbor of Gatsby's.  It was his sense of being an outsider looking in, or being more observer than participant in events, with which I most cloely identified. In many ways I still think of it as Nick's book, and this re reading confirmed the notion."
"This 1925 novel by F. Scott Fitzgerald, set in the year 1922, is a literary classic and I can well understand why.  A mere 205 pages, it's a book that has everything - story, theme, symbolism, moral drama and great characters.  No wonder it's stood the test of time.The early 1920s was a very special time in American history.  The Great War was over, and it was a time of celebration.  Prohibition was the law of the land and bootleggers and gamblers were making fortunes as everybody partied with illegal booze and speculated in the stock market.  In retrospect, we readers know that it all came to a crashing end later, but that was after the book was published and so the book captures the era in its own time.The narrator is Nick Carraway, a young man who, like Fitzgerald himself, was raised in the mid-west and is working in the stock market in New York City.  His own financial circumstances are modest but he rents a house in Long Island next door to the flamboyant and wealthy Jay Gatsby, who throws lavish parties and whose background is shrouded in mystery.  As a New Yorker myself I must say I cringed at his geography, but the rest of the book transcends these minor physical details.Slowly, we learn of Jay Gatsby's obsessive love for the wealthy Daisy, now married to the snobbish Tom Buchanan who is having an affair with a garage owner's wife.  Nick is a friend of this cast of characters, participating in their lives but yet standing back and observing.  He's a man of his times as well as a person who understands human character and foibles.  How the story plays out is a complex drama filled with passion and tragedy and including elements worthy of Shakespeare or classic Greek theater.  This is more than just a good story.  It's an emotional ride in expensive cars to an era filled with people we can all identify with.I give this book by highest recommendation.  It rises above a mere good read and dwells in the realm of great literature."
"The Great Gatsby.  The novel I was assigned to read in high school, then came back years later to my young adult self. Only then did I realize the true brilliance of this book.At the heart of the story, lies the deep infatuation of Jay Gatsby for Daisy Fay Buchanan.  But more importantly is the setting and the idea of the American dream in the 1920's.Five years before the tale began, the lovers had moved in different directions.  Daisy had married Tom Buchanan to accommodate her life of luxury, while Gatsby earned a mysterious fortune. Nick Carraway then begins to narrate the tale and is responsible for bringing the two lovers together.All these characters are thrown together in a story of hypocracy, parties, bantering dialogue, and the idea that money conquers all.The Great Gatsby is a classic that has earned it's place on my favorites list and will be read over and over again."
"The Great Gatsby. The novel I was assigned to read in high school, then came back years later to my young adult self. Only then did I realize the true brilliance of this book.At the heart of the story, lies the deep infatuation of Jay Gatsby for Daisy Fay Buchanan. But more importantly is the setting and the idea of the American dream in the 1920's.Five years before the tale began, the lovers had moved in different directions. Daisy had married Tom Buchanan to accommodate her life of luxury, while Gatsby earned a mysterious fortune. Nick Carraway then begins to narrate the tale and is responsible for bringing the two lovers together.All these characters are thrown together in a story of hypocracy, parties, bantering dialogue, and the idea that money conquers all.The Great Gatsby is a classic that has earned it's place on my favorites list and will be read over and over again."
"Three stars?  For The Great Gatsby?  But it's F. Scott Fitzgerald!Exactly.Perhaps if I had read this classic in high school, as I should have, I would have been more impressed, but reading it now, spurred on by the new movie I haven't seen, left me underwhelmed.  It is an unlovely story about unlovely characters.  I don't have to like characters, but I have to at least find them interesting.  Daisy and Tom and Gatsby are not.  To paraphrase T. S. Eliot, they have measured out their lives in coffee spoons.  All the tragedies are of their own making and not especially interesting.The writing, perhaps stellar in its day, seems stilted and sometimes unnecessarily convoluted now.  The ""old sport"" stuff got old fast, and annoying.  The book is short, around 160 pages in my copy, and still I was glad when it was done.  At least now I can check it off my ""I should read that someday"" list."
"The book, of course, is wonderful and gets a million stars. But the editing in the Kindle edition is, frankly, an embarrassment. There are odd things going on with line breaks and egregious typos that occasionally confused the meaning of the text. For example, the following passage should read as follows:-- ""I couldn't get to the house,"" he remarked.-- ""Neither could anybody else.""-- ""Go on!"" He started. ""Why, my God! They used to go there by the hundreds."" He took off his glasses and wiped them again, outside and in.In the Kindle version, however, it reads:-- ""I couldn't get to the house,"" he remarked. ""Neither could anybody else.""-- ""Go on!"" He started. ""Why, my God! They used to go there by the hundreds.""-- He took off his glasses and wiped them again, outside and in.This was my first Kindle purchase and I am extremely disappointed."
"I believe that this book is a definite must read for quite a few reasons: The intricate relationship between Jay Gatsby and Daisy Fay Buchanan, the excellent  representation of 1920's America, the absolute mastery of the pen that F. Scott Fitzgerald seems to have, and many more.The book follows Nick Carraway, a man from Minnesota who moves to New York and moves in next to a wealthy man who goes by the name of Jay Gatsby. Nick leaves home one evening for dinner with his cousin, Daisy Buchanan and her husband Tom, an old classmate of Nick's from Yale. Daisy and Tom introduce Nick to Jordan Baker, a beautiful woman that Nick has a romantic relationship with. Eventually Nick is invited to one of Gatsby's parties and it is there that much is revealed about Gatsby's relation to the story.In short, I think this book is something that anyone should read if they get the opportunity.-GriffynB"
"I had not read The Great Gatsby since high school and wanted to re-read it before going to see the movie.  It's amazing how one's perspective changes after 25+ years.The world of Jay Gatsby and Daisy Buchanan no longer exists, but the themes of dreams vs. reality, doing the wrong thing for the right reason vs. doing the right thing for the wrong reasons, etc. are universal.  Gatsby is an  unlikely hero for whom the readers heart aches.  I also relished Fitzgerald's vivid descriptions of Gatsby's lavish home and equally lavish parties.The authors own life was a mixture of splendor and tragedy, just like Gatsby.  I didn't know until just recently that the book was not considered a classic until it became popular among the soldiers fighting in World War II.  Fitzgerald died believing the book to be a failure and is now one of the most enduring classics in American literature."
"Jay Gatsby's life plays out like out like a biography on F. Scott Fitzgerald because it is. The Great Gatsby is a better book because the author experienced everything that went on during the twenties. In fact, if Fitzgerald had wrote this book today it would be a plot line on Days of Our Lives. I didn't know this book would be so entertaining.  Jay Gatsby is a millionaire with a wonderfully mysterious past. He is madly in love with his old girlfriend Daisy who rejected him because of his poor beginnings. Now, Gatsby is back with an extravagent life and an obsession with Daisy. Only problem is, she's married to the rich and jealous Tom Buchanan. Gatsby throws crazy parties(a reflection of the decade)hoping that one day Daisy might stumble back into his arms. Nick Caraway, Daisy's distant cousin, moves into next door to Gatsby and soon the inevitable happens:characters start getting tangled up in each other's lives. This book was satisfying in all aspects:love, scandal, suspense and humor. And will you look at that: all before major motion pictures. Screenwriters didn't make this stuff up."
"How can anyone NOT give this book 5 stars?  I appreciated the foreword, preface, afterword, explanatory notes & the notes about the author by Matthew J. Bruccoli which enlightened my eyes before I started on the path of reading The Great Gatsby.It's funny that somehow my high school English teacher skipped this as required reading for me in the mid to late seventies.  I bought the book for my niece, Ashley, a few years ago.  I remembered a co-worker, Kim, who was an avid reader who once told me that The Great Gatsby was her all-time favorite book.  I was curious.  It's strang that it took my 17 year old niece to 'get me on the bandwagon' to finally read this classic book at age forty-one.  It amazes me to realize that the author, F. Scott Fitzgerald, died at age forty-four in Southern California on December 21, 1940, believing himself a failure.It's quite clear that Fitzgerald's ideas may have been 'made up' but he sued real life people, his own experiences and other true events to make his story.In retrosprect, the novel contains a story of money, greed, love, deceit, suspense, hate, alcoholism, stress, passion, time, ambition, death, life, status, 'leaving a mark in life', pleasure, vacation, free time, heroes, lies, trust, women vs. men, the 1920s, mystery, intrigue, romance, poor vs. rich, Sundays in the park, art, happiness, choices, fashion, lust, loneliness, friendship, adventure, honesty, making conversation, scenic views, people, music, dance, avoidance, communication, observation, summer, intelligence, panic, forgetting, agin, laughter, family values, prejudice, jealousy, past, future, youth, tranquility, grief, responsibility, self-improvement, self-actualization, carelessness, escaping and living life."
"""The Great Gatsby"" by F. Scott Fitzgerald is a complicated tale comprised of many themes which are all linked together in a very clever fashion.  Nick Carraway is the title character, who is from Minnesota.  The setting is the 1920s, and Nick has just moved East, to Long Island.  His neighbor is man by the name Jay Gatsby, but as he later finds out, that name is false.  Although Nick lives in the West Egg, his friends live in the higher-class East Egg.  Daisy, his cousin, lives with her husband there.  Nick discovers that Tom, Daisy's husband, is cheating on her, with a woman across town, Myrtle.  Both Myrtle's husband and Daisy know nothing of the affair.  Nick meets Jordan Baker via Tom and Daisy, and they have an intimate relationship.  As the story progresses, more information is revealed about Gatsby, and how he knew Daisy from a long time ago.  In fact the sole reason that he moved to New York was to be near Daisy.  Gatsby's complex emotions are that of a man who obsesses with power and wealth.  His vision is to achieve power and wealth, which he has done illegally, and to achieve Daisy, who symbolizes power and wealth.  Tom finds out about Gatsby's affair with his wife and asserts himself; Daisy does go back with Tom.  While Daisy was driving home with Gatsby, she ran down and killed Myrtle, her husband's lover.  Gatsby took the rap for her, as he still loved her.  Myrtle's husband got word of who made him a widower and then tracked down Gatsby and shot him.  He also killed himself.  Nick tried to hold a funeral for Gatsby, but hardly anyone attended.  Thus, he realized that New York was no place for him and moved back to Minnesota.\The most prevalent theme present in ""The Great Gatsby"" is: ""The grass isn't always greener on the other side.""  Nick moved to Long Island in hopes of getting rich.  However, he couldn't see past the mask of fame and fortune to the low level of morality.  In the end, he realized that he would rather live a simple, honest life than get tangled up in a web of deceit in New York.  This idea is enough to make anyone think, and so did I.  I have always thought it would be cool to live in an extravagant life in a big city.  Being from a rural Midwest town, such as Nick and Gatsby, I often ponder the opposite lifestyle.  However, like the characters in the book, I am not sure that I could sacrafice my morals an honesty just for a mansion, a BMW, and a yacht.  At first thought, I would say that, ""yeah,"" I could do without to get ahead, but after analyzing it, I bet I probably couldn't.  This type of situation involving ""the American Dream,"" really does depend on the strength of the person who is put into it.  In the case of Gatsby and Nick Carraway, they could not handle it.When looking at the ""The Great Gatsby"" for the first time, the reader does not know that the title is actually quite ironic.  Gatsby was acutally the opposite of great.  He lied about his past to almost everyone he met, he changed his name, and he became a criminal just to get ahead.  This is not a person who is great.  Contradictorily, he was great in the eyes of the people who perceived him.  Even Nick, who knew the whole story, still had a feeling of respect and liking towards Gatsby after his death.  The ending was good in that it reflected the themes of the book.  It was fairly complex and complicated, but it did finalize the story.I would recommend this book to more advanced readers.  It contains a heavier vocabulary, and the theme are presented somewhat abstractly, but the story is great.  ""The Great Gatsby"" is a classic book, and no one has an excuse not to read it.  It really is an excellent story."
"I fail to understand how anyone could not enjoy this book!  Fitzgerald's fantastic style and flair completely engulf the reader, and lets you fall in love with the characters.I'd like to point out one thing.  i read  this in an English 11 class, and while some high schoolers may fail to  understand much of it, I took so much from this book.  perhaps it is the  way in which the teacher presented it and developed it in class (assigning  each character to a student along with many perspectives on symbols in the  book - colors, parties, etc)  Everything in this book fascinated me - the  characters, the parties, the colors, and so many other things - I was  nearly overwhelmed.  I recommend it to anyone who can look past the outer  shell and see the symbolic meaning and theme of this novel.ALso, I'd  like to question the review by Aaron Goldberg.  He criticized Tom for being  a racist.  He's intended to appear that way, it's the way many people in  the 1920's thought, and it remains today.  I don't understand how calling  Wolfshiem a ""small, flat-nosed Jew"" is racist, if it is merely  the description of a character.  he's got a flat nose - that's racist?  And  the fact that TGG and DB never get together?  It';s tragic, it's supoposed  to show that all the money and wealth in the world cannot ensure you  happiness, and to not let missed opportunities of the past bog you down in  the future.  And as for a ""dated"" book?  That's the purpose, it  is set in the 1920s, Fitzgerald wrote it in near-pefrect sync with the  era.Some people just confuse me when they cannot look deeper into a book  and hrasp literary concepts such as setting, irony, and  symbolism.Anyway, read this book!  It's a great!"
"Review of F. Scott Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby F. Scott Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby was written during the time of the roaring twenties. The novel has many themes, but the most dominating one is the  death of the American Dream which died because of Jay Gatsby's involvement  in organized crime.  Nick Carraway is the narrator of the story. The  story starts when he [Nick] is leaving the Mid-West to start a new life in  New York. There is where he meets Jay Gatsby, who is a rich man and the  protagonist of the novel. Gatsby is in love with Daisy Buchannan, who is  coincidentally Nick's cousin. Even though Daisy is married to a man named  Tom Buchanan, she is very much in love with Gatsby. Tom is the bad guy in  the story or the antagonist. Tom is having an affair with a lady named  Myrtle Wilson. He treats Myrtle very badly, but she puts up with it because  of his wealth. Myrtle is married to George Wilson who is the hard luck guy  in the novel who in the end takes out his revenge on someone that did not  deserve it. Jordan Baker is the woman in brings Gatsby to Nick and  consequently Gatsby to his long lost love Daisy.  In the end it is  revealed that Gatsby and Daisy are very much in love. When Tom finds out  about this he gets very upset and tells George Wilson that Gatsby is having  an affair with his wife. Raged, Wilson goes and murders Gatsby for  something he did not do. The story ends tragicically because Myrtle and  George are all killed in violently.  Fitzgerald's main purpose of  writing this novel was to briefly describe what it was like in the 1920's.  In the critical essays that I read it seems that Fitzgerald's purpose in  writing the essay was to relate himself to Gatsby. Gatsby is described as  Fitzgerald which I don't believe is right because he [Gatsby] is described  as the ""victim"" in the story when really he is not."
"The Great Gatsby is the best novel I think I have ever read.  We had to read it in my high school English class and I loved it even then.  I've read it two more time in the three years I have been out of high school, and I plan to read it at least one a year.  I feel I have to, its like revisiting old friends who you wish you could help but you know you can't.  This novel is awesome in the way that the characters just pop off the page.  The Great Gatsby is so sad too because in the end no one ""wins"" except maybe for Nick who is a better man for having known Gatsby.  Eventhough Nick believes that Daisy and Tom can retreat into their money and forget anything ever happened, Daisy still has to live with the fact that she got the only man who every really loved her killed,  I don't think money could make her forget that.  Anyway I recommend this book to anyone who  hasn't read it, although if you read it when you were in high school, I suggest reading it again, because you probably missed how beautiful this book is in the rush to have it finished before the test!  Also, if any of you have not seen the movie go rent it or check for it on your local classic movie channel because I've seen the movie on one of those channels at least ten times.  The casting is excellent.  Mia Farrow was the perfect ""Daisy"" beautiful, delicate, her voice ""full of money.""  Nick, sweetly played by the lovely Sam Waterston.  And lets not forget Robert Redford's portrayal of the great Jay Gatsby.  I thought he did and excellent job. This movie is very beautiful and if you don't cry as Daisy and Gatsby renew their love, or when George mourns over Mrytle's body, then you are not human!!  I could write all day about the book and the movie but I will just say that they are both worth checking out.  Lose yourself in the decadent twenties!"
"The Great Gatsby is probably one of the best novels of its time in the sense that it depicts the disillusionment of the Jazz Age to a tee!  Gatsby's love for Daisy is not ""love"" in the sense that you or I know, but a kind of sick perversion or more aptly put - the inability for him to come to terms with his past.  The need to have money and the need to be known in the Jazz Age is forever present in the book, and, from what we know of Gatsby's past, is something that Gatsby strove for his entire life.  The reason his love affair with Daisy failed was because he had nothing!  Love was not enough for Daisy in the relationship, and *her"" disillusionment was with her need for material possessions: money, cars, fancy dresses, fabulous parties, etc.  I find the role of Nick in the entire novel to be somewhat strange since I think that it would have been a good story without his presence, and my favorite part of the book is when he realizes it is his birthday - as if that is something one can forget.  Gatsby's death at the end is envitable since I think the book comes full circle.  Gatsby is violently awakened, and, perhaps, never realizes his disillusionment.  I think though the end of the book reinforces this sense of disillusionment with the American dream when Nick sums up his encounter with Daisy and her husband.  They apparently carry on as if nothing had happened, Dasiy doesn't leave Tom, and Gatsby's ""role"" as a martyr is ignored.  Not even the death of Daisy's former love could bring her out of her disillusioned state.  Of course there are many other themes - the relationship between Daisy and Gatsby, the mysterious glasses which recurs throughout the novel and many more... All in all...a very good book historically, sociologically, and psychologically.  I've read it at least four times and will probably read it many more times!"
"As I was reading through the other  reviews, I noticed something. Nobody was able to really say ""why"" they liked the book.  The reason (as I believe it to be) is that the Gatsby shows characteristics that we all have inside of ourselves, that all our descendants will have, and that all our ancestors had.  We all have a yearning to return to the past and to avoid the mistakes that we made. To return to theGarden, and avoid  giving into temptation. To find a new land (i.e. America) and have a new beginning (as the dutch sailors tried to do and as Gatsby fails at).  We all believe in the Myth of Edenic possibilities (the belief that one  can return to his/her past and avoid the mistakes that they made) and so does Gatsby. But that's not the entire reason readers are fascinated with Gatsby. Throughout the entire novel, F. Scott Fitzgerald debunks  the American Dream of going west to start over.  He does so by having Gatsby go east, and making it so that he can't be successful without going outside the law.  But throughout the novel, Gatsby never  gives up. He's like the man who was standing in the trash after one of Gatsby's parties. Just as this man refused to acknowlege that he couldn't live in the past, so Gatsby refuses. Gatsby refuses to acknowlege that he can't go back to  when he first met Daisy, before she married Tom. There is a lot more to this book than what others have said, and there is still a lot more than what I have outlined.  Although, I hope that this will  allow some people to realize that The Great Gatsby is more than just a love story between two people. Every time I read it (I've read it at least 5 times), I pick up new symbols and archetypes which allow  me to see this masterpiece through new lenses. It truly is an American Classic, which everyone should read."
"Could a short work of just over 100 pages that centers on an insularized social station and contains numerous inconsistencies and no continuous narrative be the mythical ""Great American Novel?""  Could the lionized author of this work in actuality be a philandering alcoholic who wasted the better part of his life and talent galavanting across the beaches of Europe with a dry gin in one hand and his diary in the other?The assignation of The Great Gatsby into the junior high school curriculum personifies its persecution complex.  A generation of readers have explored only the most topical of its themes, the symbolism of the green light, the excesses of the Jazz Age, the positioning of the narrator.  To students of serious literature, The Great Gatsby is seen as more of an introduction than an immersion.  A excellent book by a gifted, yet misguided writer.  Nothing more.However, Fitzgerald proves more adept than thought.  By the magical end of the novel, his topical Jazz Age themes grow into ruminations on the importance of money and love and the dissapation of the American Dream.  The characters transform from stereotypical players in a fable to archetypal representatives of human fraility.  The structure, despite the shortness of the novel, is compelling.  Nine distinct scenes flow and weave together effortlessly through narrative and flashback.  The chronological discrepencies drift away;  just as Fitzgerald's prose seems to drift in, wondrous and ephemeral.Fitzgerald plays no stylistic gymnastics or ouija board gambits with his novel, and perhaps this is why it often is found lacking in comparison to the works of Faulkner, Joyce, and Hemingway.  Fitzgerald did not invent the ""iceburg theory"" or pen a novel of the length and scope of Ulysses.  But, The Great Gatsby possesses the unmistakable qualities of excellence;  able to be read in one sitting, it leaves the reader breathless and emotionally spent pondering themes as eloquent as any in literature and as timely today as they were during the Roaring Twenties.  Every time the radio blares the Boss and ""Glory Days"" or Simon and Garfunkel and ""Mrs. Robinson,"" it echoes the sentiments of Fitzgerald's book.  In painting a nation afraid to relinguish its storied past, The Great Gatsby searches for that ""one fine morning . . ."" when we are able to come to grips with who we were and concentrate on who we are and will become.  No other book so wonderfully crystallizes the struggle of man and his infinite ability to dream with the parameters of time.  The Great Gatsby is a marvelous achievement;  just because you read it as a child, do not hesitate to read it again.  I regret that I waited so long"
"Call me a sentimental goose but I love The Great Gatsby. This is a classic that contains so many beautiful passages that simply deserves a second chance from certain readers. I see now that this is a wonderful story that captures and holds so many different facets of topics and subjects set to the brilliance of the early 1920's. Like so many others, I was exposed at an early age to this work and needless to say I did not have a pleasant literary or learning experience with this book and it has just left an unpleasant taste for me. Perhaps this has happened to you and you can name a title that you were forced into endlessly dissecting or for whatever reasons and it all had unintentional results of creating rancor directed at a particular book. Perhaps this is that book, may I be the first to say maybe it's time to let the past go and give The Great Gatsby a second look.If you are like me you love concept of the story or setting and know the symbolism by heart and if nothing else may just read it for the history, expressive passages and dimensional characterizations. However wonderful the reading experience, this reader did notice some unanswered questions that lingered on the last pages that were hard to forget or ignore and a few confusing poetic metaphorical passages that left a sense of reading two incomplete books in one. I will be honest, I did feel that old frustration bubbling in the beginning but as soon as the descriptive section about the narrator's initial encounter with Mr. Jay Gatsby and his unforgettable smile that frustration fell away and the book seemed to say to this reader: ""let's start over, old sport"" and after that I just lost myself in the experience and rediscovered another classic."
".....and although a quick read, you will be thinking about this book for a long time.  I find myself going back to it, rereading passages and discovering something new each time.  I found the book totally relevant to our time; apparently decadence and ignorance are timeless human qualities. ; )As for the characters, they are tremendously engaging and presented in an un-heavyhanded way by Fitzgerald.  They are almost like puzzles to be solved by the reader, in our own personal way.I myself have mixed feelings for them all.  I don't trust any of them; least of all Nick, who as narrator definitely has an advantage in shaping our opinions of the other characters.  His ""are you or aren't you"" engaged status is revealed at the beginning of the book, and led me to immediately take his musings with a grain of salt.  His treatment of Jordan smacks of milque-toast-style hypocrisy as well.  Consequently, his ""you're better than all of them"" claim to Gatsby doesn't win me over; I found Gatsby to be a rather unlikable and shallow fellow.  Gatsby was clearly in over his head in courting Daisy, but continued to do it, full throttle.  Real love, or pie-in-the-sky hubris?  He admitted that the fact that Daisy was desired by so many other men made him want her even more.  This, and his inability to accept that Daisy may have loved Tom at some point hints that he is not really a man in love with a real woman, but rather a shallow twit infatuated with an ideal.  And to think, that having money is all that matters, and not how one makes it. . . again, is Gatsby a scoundrel, or just naive?I only wish the book could have been longer and more fleshed out, but its streamlined approach seems to be exactly what the author intended."
"In high school we read Gatsby in the 11th grade. I never gave it a chance. Terrible ignorance of youth. Have since read it a half dozen times. Beautiful, BEAUTIFUL, book. Sad as well. Mis-guided love. Great Friendship. Glimpse of the social elite. Fitzgerald, to me, was always an elitist who had the rare ability to connect with the every man."
"My 7th and 8th graders loved the book and the story. I added history lessons on the ""roaring twenties"": fashion, jazz, dance, prohibition and bootlegging, the stock market and Wall Street, Long Island and Manhattan, the railroads, the 1919 World Series, followed by a trip to the movies to see Leonardo di Caprio as ""the great Gatsby""."
"A wonderful book that has aged gracefully.  I enjoyed the simplicity thereof, and the beautiful prose that the author applied in just the right amount.  Also appreciated was the humour- an element that is sorely lacking in many older books.If you enjoyed this, do try Remains of the Day by Ishiguro and anything by Julian Barnes."
"An arduous read. I now know why I never finished it in high school. 20 years later, it's not any more engaging.  Littered with irrelevant details that don't move the plot forward, and characters who appear briefly only to be important later, it is harder to follow the plot. Lines and twisted relationships than an episode of Dallas."
"This review is specifically regarding the kindle formatting of the book only. The default font of this editions is quite small and when I adjust my settings to increase the font size, I lose words at the page breaks. I tried reading both horizontally and vertically and had the same problem either way. Please correct this."
"This book arrived quickly and in excellent shape. It is a must read for all for all, not just students. The last sentence: So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past. What a powerful ending to a tragic set of circumstances in this wonderful book. Thank you for sending this book to me!"
Am I the ONLY person on earth that did not read this in Hight School??? Well I believe Iwas cheated! However - I am not sure I would have been able to feel the raw pain of this book had I read it in my youth. But at least I would have been hopeful had I read it when I was young - at age 63 - not so much.....
"Fitzgerald takes a soap opera story and uses it to show off his writing skills.  Like Hemingway, Fitzgerald could get a lot of miles out of a few well-chosen words.  the quality of the imagery had me going back to re-read many well-crafted paragraphs.  A real treat for a mostly non-fiction guy like myself."
"One of the many great things about owning a Kindle, is that I get around the reading all the great classics that I always meant to getting around to.  This book made me a F. Scott Fitzgerald fan.  I loved how he developed the characters.  He took me back to a golden age of America.Great drama!"
"My daughter needed to read the Great Gatsby for her sophomore year of high school. I read it as well and it was a good book. It was hard to follow the story at times, but overal it was ok. I would recommend this book. SInce the remake of the movie is coming out next year, it may get more publicity again."
"Good read, classic book, still applicable.My step dad told me once that ""nothing changes under the face of the sun"" - a quote from someone wise, but I've since forgotten the source.  The Great Gatsby definitely speaks to human nature being one of those unchangeable things, as the characters behave much like those today - despite vastly different technology and culture."
"I was not in the high school English class that had to read this book.  And now 8 years later I found myself picking up this book.  I read the book in two days, I just could not put it down.  The smooth and ease of the language made the book flow in such a way that I didn't know I was half way through the book.  I good story about people, mystery and not being able to escape your past."
"Fitzgerald proves why he is one of the biggest names of the Roaring '20's.  He perfectly captures the elegance and hedonism of the period between World War I and the Great Depression.  While it is my belief that his  characters are not especially memorable, the situations are immortal.  This  would make an excellent resource for anyone wishing to get a better grip on  the 1920's."
"We all are attracted to glamor;some of us live in the past. We can all learn things from this book; like, how corrosive money can be, when love is gone we should move on, and that  we all live some kind of misguided life.  It's the book Bret Easton Ellis, Tom Woolf, et al, have always tried to  write but never managed to come remotely close to. That's why, dear  readers, it's still with us today. Check it out."
"""The Great Gatsby"" is a story full of sound and fury ultimately signifying everything about life in the 20's.  A tall full of suprises that make the mind wonder if a novel was ever supposed to be this good.  Truly a classic work in every respect of the word.I have read very few books that match ""The Great Gatsby's"" immaculate construction and storyline."
"If this is a literary classic, then someone needs to reexamine the list. I have read so many really, really great books, and this one was so bad.  Sorry, Fitz, but I'm not a fan. The story line was slow, boring and tedious.  The characters were shallow and self absorbed.  If kids are still required to read this in high school, that might explain some of the drop out rate."
"I can't believe I am, well, let's just say well into my fifties and have not - until now - read this classic book. Having never seen the movies, I must say I had a hard time putting it down. It was not a particularly easy read which sometimes will put me off. Not the case with this. I had to know more and enjoyed it despite some very disturbing personalities."
"This book is a classic and when I read it I instantly knew why.The writing is poetic and so are the characters.I had been meaning to read this for a long time and jumped on it when it went on sale. I'm glad I did. This book takes you on a journey through what is right and wrong, good and evil and the blurred lines that exist in that mindset."
"This particular edition is cheap, and it seems to me you get what you pay for. The internal navigation and formatting was much less sophisticated than in other ebooks I have purchased, and to top it all off there were ads inserted into the text."
"The Great Gatsby – Hardly GreatF. Scott FitzgeraldThe Great Gatsby (Gatsby) was published in 1926.  Heralded far and wide, it has been characterized as “the most perfectly crafted work of fiction to have come out of America…a modern classic, a key American novel…with technique as great as Turgenev…[with] prose as delicate as a garnet…”, but how does it read now, some 80 years later?Gatsby is a short novel, only 175 pages, that features just five, key characters (Jay Gatsby, Jordon Baker, Daisy and Tom Buchanan, and the all-important narrator, Nick Conway).  It conveys a profoundly disturbing message: The gaiety and dreams of youth are crushed by the weight and disappointments of life’s events and by age, itself – recalling Voltaire’s observation, “Most men lead lives of quiet desperation.”  Things achieved lose their luster; material possessions fail to satisfy for more than a moment, and Fitzgerald’s heroines (like his wife) always disappoint their men.  Fitzgerald and his wife were raging alcoholics.  Fitzgerald wrote obsessively about homosexuals and was notoriously sensitive about his masculinity.  (The evidence does not support Fitzgerald’s dim view of women; many women, of course, do not “disappoint their men”.  If he had been receptive to the right match, his life and prose would likely have enjoyed a more positive slant.)Was “the great Gatsby” really “great”?  Ah, there’s the rub; Gatsby, the man, was anything but great.  He was a colossal fake, a disappointing illusion, just like the material possessions so coveted by his (and most) generations, which is the author’s principle message about The Roaring Twenties (or, for that matter, for all of modern times).  Gatsby wasn’t even Gatsby; the name “Jay Gatsby” was a pseudonym for his real name, James Gatz.  He (like Fitzgerald) flat rejected his own parents, commoners and crude by his standards, and he rejected their beliefs and mores.  Gatsby’s money wasn’t “old money from the Mid-West aristocracy” but new money that he made, allegedly, from illicit gambling and likely bootlegging.  The story dwells on Gatsby’s great home on Long Island, filled to overflowing with the Long Island rich, who gossiped negatively about him in his halls as they enjoyed his frequent, massive parties, replete with live music and every conceivable amenity.  Gatsby star-crossed and ill-fated love is for Daisy, whom he met before she married the wealthy aristocratic Tom Buchanan.  Their “love affair” is much like a wet dream in which no climax is ever reached.  It disappoints Gatsby and his readers, but that, too, is The Point.  His “friends” were as fake and shallow as his past, and, when he was shot for adultery that he didn’t commit, his “friends” and business partner stayed away; only three people attended his funeral: his father, one casual acquaintance and Nick Conway, the narrator and the only stable and admirable character in the book.What might we say about the prose which is said to be “as delicate as a garnet” and on the same plane as Turgenev, one of Russia’s literary giants?  First and foremost, Gatsby is a page-turner; although there is no violence and nothing lurid, the reader is compelled to continue.  Second, it is brilliantly laconic, so short as to almost fall into the classification of a novella (akin to the style Turgenev, Chekov, Poe, O’Henry, et al), demonstrating amazing editing by Fitzgerald – and, also, the virtual absence of dialogue, which always extends the length of books, while developing full and believable characters.  Third, it does indeed give us a vivid and likely accurate picture of life for the rich in the Twenties, and there were many among the “rich” in that pre-Depression decade, thus making it historical fiction worthy of note.  As to the “delicacy” of the prose or a stature akin to Turgenev, this reader would respectfully disagree.  It lacks sufficient metaphors or the richness of vocabulary that lends the dimensions of 19th Century oil paintings, which we find in Turgenev, Tolstoy, Dickens, Mitchell, Bronte and the de minimus percentage of contemporary writers who can rise even briefly to those Elysian heights.F. Scott Fitzgerald (1896-1940) authored many short stories and five novels, including The Beautiful and the Damned, Tender Is the Night, The Last Tycoon, and his most famous Great Gatsby.  When he died “suddenly” and inexplicably (suicide?) in 1940, he was heralded as a literary giant as one who “invented a generation”.  His view of himself, as with most authors, resides within his characters and in none more than in Gatsby.  A Princeton man, as one biographer noted,“He grew up to find all Gods dead, all wars fought, all faiths in man shaken.”His greatest interest of life may have centered on his wife, Zelda Sayre, although their marriage was traumatic, and she suffered repeated “mental breakdowns”.  From the downside, Fitzgerald, in sum, was an existentialist (and likely nihilist) and, in the end, devoid of the hope that permits joy in our lives, a quintessential downer.  From the upside, Fitzgerald mirrored his times; he gave us history in interesting fiction, an up-close view of the Roaring Twenties in America, in all of its gaiety and with all of its warts and malaise, a literary history that both entertains and fills a void in our literary lives.  Such literary icons and the progeny of their pens demand the attention and quiet enjoyment of all who would claim to be adventurous readers.  Put differently, if wish to be viewed as “well read”, you must read this “classic”, but that doesn’t guarantee that you will like it.​3 Stars  BookAWeekMan  (leeglovett.com)​"
"The Great Gatsby (1925) by F. Scott Fitzgerald is a well-written fictitious book about the lives of people living in America during the 1920s.  Fitzgerald wrote this book in the 1920s, and some believe he modeled many of the events after his wife who longed for the lifestyle of the financially prosperous people of the time.  This book is representative of many issues in the roaring twenties like alcoholism, racism, adultery, and many more, although they are somewhat exaggerated.  Fitzgerald does an excellent job of writing about the settings and gives readers a great concept of the situations and feelings of characters.  I believe that Fitzgerald's main theme of the book is while many desire the American Dream of easy, quick money and measuring success and happiness only with material wealth, eventually they realize this perfect dream is ultimately unattainable.  In this speech, I am going to give a brief summary of the book, give my evaluation of the book and compare it to two reviews from Amazon.com in order to help you understand my thesis.  While The Great Gatsby is a fiction novel that tells of the lives of fantasy characters in the twenties, Fitzgerald has done a great job predicting and describing the happenings of what we now know to be the truth of the roaring twenties and are vastly applicable to many eras of time.  The Great Gatsby focuses on the extravagant lifestyles of a group of Ivy-League graduates in the 1920s.  Nick, the narrator, always finds himself in the middle of his friends' problems.  Being caught in between the secrets and controversies of those around him is not something that he is comfortable with by any means.  The issues that his friends are facing eventually climax and their elaborate lives begin to crumble.  Fitzgerald does many things to help the reader understand the happenings in the book's sequence of events.  This book at first glance seems to be almost a childish book because of its large print and lack of hundreds of pages, but as one reviewer points out in her review, in order to understand this short book one needs to read it with a fine-toothed comb.  I completely agree with Emma because in different parts throughout the book, he uses weather, colors and many other things to help describe the feelings in a setting.  Like in Gatsby and Daisy's reunion during the pouring rain at Nick's house, which shows the awkwardness between them, but their love rekindles just as the rain stops and the sun begins to peak through the clouds.  Gatsby's white flannel suit that he wears in their reunion represents his image of innocence and purity.  Fitzgerald writes of the problems of these characters as if he is looking back on the 1920s.  He brings the topics of alcoholism, Gatsby's bootlegging, Tom's racism, the common adultery in the group, wealth prejudice prevalent in the book, and many other issues almost as if he knew these things were going to be major issues in the twenties.  Or are these issues universal with humankind throughout time?  With some thought, one can see that the characters of this book can be compared to many people who live extravagant lifestyles today and throughout history.  Thinking about the issues presented in this book can bestow the idea that this book is not only relevant to the 1920s, but possibly the entirety of humankind.  However, another reviewer disagrees with me, presenting the idea that this book should have only been printed in a 1920's newspaper because of its unimaginative storyline and irrelevance to any period other than the twenties.  After reading his review, I found that he should read the previous review that I mentioned and analyze the themes and details that this novel offers and possibly recognize that although a little more exaggerated, this novel is comparatively applicable to today.  In conclusion, The Great Gatsby tells of the problems of fictional characters in the 1920s, but I believe it can be compared with people at any point in time.  This shows that Fitzgerald did a great job writing this book because people today and people fifty years from now can read this book and in some way be able to identify with it.  Although the book was very short and a bit confusing due to intricate details, the author did well to put everything that he wanted into his story in a small amount of space. With a little critical reading, one can find Fitzgerald's main ideas and the concepts of The Great Gatsby.  The issues that Fitzgerald put into this book make it seem as though he wanted to point out the problems of humankind.  Maybe he did this in the hopes that readers would see this and possibly try to change the thinking and actions of humans that are producing these problems."
"Fitzgerald is considered to be an important early 20th century American writer. I bought and read Fitzgerald's five major novels (""This Side of Paradise, The Beautiful and the Damned, The Great Gatsby, Tender is the Night, and The Last Tycoon"") plus one book of short stories plus the biography ""Some Sort of Epic Grandeur"" by Matthew Broccoli.His first major novel, ""This Side of Paradise,"" along with ""Gatsby"" and ""Tender is the Night"" are considered to be great novels, and I enjoyed the reads. The other two have serious flaws. Interestingly, the Bloomsbury Guide does not rate any of the five well known Fitzgerald novels as masterpieces. His best or most complicated work is ""Tender is the Night,"" but it is less well known than ""Gatsby"" which became a successful film.Fitzgerald wrote about half a dozen novels and over 100 short stories between approximately 1917 and 1940. The short stories were done largely to make money to support his life style. In later years, he worked on a number of Hollywood film scripts. He died poor in Hollywood in 1940 at an age of just 44, leaving an insurance policy as his main asset.Riding on the success of ""This Side of Paradise,"" Fitzgerald created the rambling  novel ""The Beautiful and the Damned."" That novel has good prose but is a step down from his first novel. It was not a commercial success. Fitzgerald wrote the next novel - ""Gatsby"" - with an eye on creating another commercial best seller.""The Great Gatsby"" is a much shorter novel than his prior two: just half the length. It is compact, polished, and contains beautiful prose. It is written largely in the first person by a young man who describes the life of his neighbour ""Gatsby"" on New York's long Island. It takes place during a warm New York summer, and like many other Fitzgerald works, there is a fascination with wealthy Americans. The story reflects some of the elements of the author's own life, and accordingly the protagonists have advanced in age to people in their twenties and thirties - no longer recent university graduates as in his prior two novels - and they are roughly the same age as the author.This is Fitzgerald's shortest and his most polished novel. Some think it is not as good as the more elaborate ""Tender is the Night"" or his breakout novel ""This Side of Paradise.""This is an excellent but short read."
"F. Scott Fitzgerald's sterling 'The Great Gatsby' (1925) is broadly considered the greatest American work of fiction of the twentieth century; with Twain's 'The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn' (1885), it is one of two viable candidates for the mythic title of the Great American Novel. Coming on the heels of the glib, hilarious 'This Side of Paradise' (1920) and the overextended 'The Beautiful And The Damned' (1922), 'The Great Gatsby' represented both an immense step forward in Fitzgerald's artistry and the kind of achievement only a handful of writers are capable of producing over the course of a lifetime.What makes 'The Great Gatsby' all the more remarkable is the fact that the economically-written novel is built upon a thin, almost predictable plot which concerns itself exclusively with crass, spiritually coarse people.With the exception of hopeful, naive narrator Nick Carraway, almost all of the characters are frayed personalities existing in a depthless, moment to moment world which lacks values, substance, and any inherent quality worth living for.Magnificently wealthy Tom Buchanan is an earthy, brutish man who believes that ""might makes right,"" while his attractive wife Daisy is a skittish, shallow, and unintentionally callous woman apt to go with whatever the wind blows her way. Their friend Jordan Baker, a jaded sportswoman with a talent for shrewd social observation, illustrates the novel's cynical view of both humanity and the American way of life. Jay Gatsby, whose flaws are somewhat easier to sympathize with, stands in contrast to these diversion-seeking characters.Gatsby is a delusional man with a benevolent God complex, a manipulative, calculating individual who falteringly believes that the past--and the truth--can be obliterated and permanently transcended by sheer force of will. Unlike the Buchanans and Jordan, Gatsby has more than filled the empty void of the universe with his fantasies of romantic fulfillment. But Tom, Daisy, and Jordan eventually show signs of human feeling and moral awareness, however briefly, while Gatsby, who is also exceedingly wealthy, clearly reflects their superficial vision in some of his own choices, actions, and values.The genius of 'Th'e Great Gatsby' is evident in the manner in which Fitzgerald subtly underscores and illustrates the motivators that drive and define the American psyche. In an America that is both a relatively new country as well as a capitalistic one, Gatsby and Tom are concerned with recreating themselves and achieving self - esteem, social respect, and power through the attainment and maintenance of wealth, the single recognized indicator of success in their world.A distorting-mirror image of the American Dream, 'The Great Gatsby' illustrates how a sincere desire for evolved selfhood can instead devolve into a nightmare scenario of the nouveau riche. To his credit, the pseudo-heroic Gatsby has a larger, if impossibly imagined, goal beyond the accumulation of wealth, property, and friends.The novel is also a meditation on how the American desire to achieve a socially respected, successful identity usually requires moral compromise and a series of carefully - constructed fabrications, which in turn may lead directly to self delusion. Jay Gatsby may be American literature's most famous chameleon, though one ultimately lacking the nimble antisocial personality to successfully pull off his charade.Interestingly, few establishment critics have commented at length on Gatsby's youthful relationship with wealthy, older mentor Dan Cody, a suspect relationship that Nick rightly refers to ""strange.""As a striking but penniless young man, Gatsby has been employed by Cody ""in a vague personal capacity"" while he remained with Cody he was in turn steward, mate, skipper, secretary and even jailor."" Having traveled together three times around the world by yacht, their long idle comes to end when Cody's wife Ella suddenly comes ""on board"" and puts a stop to their companionship. Then Cody--bereft of Gatsby's company--suddenly dies.As an adult, Gatsby keeps a portrait of Cody prominently displayed in his mansion, which Nick calls ""a token of forgotten violence."" Is Gatsby, despite his troubadour-like obsession with Daisy, in fact bisexually inclined? Or has his relationship with Cody merely been an opportunistic means to an end? Or one of honest mentoring?When Gatsby invites Daisy to see his palatial estate, Nick is surprised to suddenly come upon Klipspringer, a man Gatsby refers to as his ""boarder."" Klipspringer, who has never previously been mentioned in the narrative and who promptly disappears back to wherever he came from, is discovered ""in pajamas"" ""doing liver exercises on the floor"" in one of the spare bedrooms. Nick then recalls that he has seen the mysterious Klipspringer ""wandering hungrily about the beach"" earlier that morning.During an uncomfortable lapse in conversation, Gatsby lights on the idea of having ""Klipspringer play the piano,"" and calls out ""Ewing!"" Entering, Klipspringer is described as ""an embarrassed, slightly worn young man with shell-rimmed glasses and scanty blonde hair."" Sitting at the piano, Klipspringer plays a song of his own choosing, tellingly called ""The Love Nest.""Fitzgerald makes it evident that Klipspringer is both 'artistic' and subordinate to Gatsby's whims. Curiously, Nick, who is fascinated by the enigmatic Gatsby's motivations, never raises the question of Klipspringer again. Is the fashion conscious, antique-loving Jay Gatsby, like Holden Caulfield, one of American literature's encrypted homosexual figures?In a novel as concerned with questions of identity as this, the Dan Cody and Klipspringer episodes are impossible to overlook and can hardly be accidental. Later in the story, the cuckolded George Wilson says, ""God sees everything."" Is the reader intended to ""see everything"" about Gatsby as well? It's worth noting that both of Fitzgerald's previous books feature shrill, effete male characters whose antics border on high camp.Less than hugely successful upon publication, it wasn't until the fifties that 'The Great Gatsby' was fully recognized as the masterpiece it is. Balanced and poetically realized throughout, with 'The Great Gatsby' Fitzgerald mastered the art of revealing the soulful tragedy inherent in both the complex and commonplace members of mankind."
"The Great Gatsby is one of the best books of its time. F. Scott Fitzgerald's tale of American values in the jazz age of the 1920s is one of the great classics of 20th-century literature.  The novel is written about Nick Carraway's sum up of his summer in New York where things aren't what they appear to be in the life of luxury.  He visits his cousin Daisy Buchanan and her husband Tom in their lavish home only to discover how unhappy she is.  He returns from his visit to his home to see the figure of his mysterious neighbor Jay Gatsby. From that moment, Nick's life became more engaged in Gatsby's life than he could possibly imagine.This novel describes each character with great detail.  Detailed facts about each person's personality appeal to a wide variety of readers.  This allows them to have a better understanding of the situation they are put through.  Readers are able to put themselves in the characters' positions and wonder what they'll do next.The Great Gatsby, however, shatters the American dream.  During that time period, people came to America to earn an honest living.  While reading through it, it was evident that this idea was shattered by greed.  Any person with much wealth gained a great deal of power.  For example, Meyer Wolfsheim, a bootlegger and Gatsby's friend, became wealthy by being a criminal.  He exclaims about how he fixed the 1919 World Series with the utmost pride.  He was capable of such things because of his wealth through illegal activity.  Fitzgerald destroyed the vision for the common people.The book is wonderful for a high school level.  The classic deals with topics like alcohol that students in the middle school shouldn't be reading.  Another topic is that of adultery.  Tom Buchanan was having an affair during that story.  Elementary school and middle school children might not understand that it's wrong.  Beyond the story, the vocabulary and terms used are quite difficult to grasp.  Some readers might need a dictionary for a better understanding.  This is excellent for study to achieve better word usage.I loved Fitzgerald's style of writing.  He describes the time period so well of the Jazz Age.  The parties that take place at Gatsby's home are great account of the 1920s. Things were lively and full of entertainment and this novel explains it so well.  The setting and environment is brilliant; I'm sure many will love it, too.F. Scott Fitzgerald truly did write a new story that would defy odds of excellence.  It's a wonderful book that many enjoy for as long as it is published."
"Great novels are about things. The things they are about are provoking thought or providing illumination on some aspect of the human heart or the human condition. Additionally, a great novel will always evoke an emotional reaction in the reader, whether good or bad. Gatsby was intended by the author from the start to be a serious work of art for adult consumption, Fitzgerald was reaching for greatness. While books like ""Harry Potter"" or even ""Lord of the Rings"" may be a fine entertainment, in the end they are just a collection of ingeniously crafted plot points with relateable and entertaining characters. There is nothing wrong with this, people need and enjoy pap, but sometimes it's good to have a book or even a film challenge you to think about things more deeply.For any high schoolers ""forced"" to read this, let me say this. You will not ""get"" this book. This is not due to any intellectual or moral deficiency. A 17-year old Steven Hawking or Einstein would fare no better. This is not because the book is even slightly difficult to read, comprehend, or follow. On the contrary, the book is an easy read that does not have difficult language or elaborate plot intricacies. Many of you might still like and enjoy the book highly, I know I did in high school. Many will intellectually understand the themes or symbollism, because they are not complex, in fact they are very simple and straightforward, which is what makes this novel so great. But you won't really feel it in your heart, because when you are younger you don't yet have the tools to fully appreciate this book. Do yourself a favor. Reread this book after the age of 30, and just let your mind soak it in for the pure enjoyment of it."
"Even though this is the Jazz Age classic......we can read ourselves in it too, because people don't change dramatically with the times.  There are always greed, envy, and lust, as well as infidelity and excess.  A book to be reread periodically."
"The Great Gatsby is a wonderful book. It is story of a rich man, who is obsessed over Daisy his dream girl. Gatsby is the classic ""tragic hero"". I recommend this book for any English class or if you just want  to read a very good book."
"Can't repeat the past? Why of course you can, says Gatsby. Essentially, this is the prototypical Great American Novel - that old cliche of pop literary culture so often used by writers and laymen alike. The book conflates America's promise of the past, corruption of the present, and hope for the future. It is the beautiful and ugly side of American ambition, optimism, and sense of invincibility that makes so many Americans feel immortal.The story, which Mencken inevitably declared to be a trivial anecdote, is nevertheless an exciting look into twentysomething romanticism. Glamorous parties, nouveuax riche and old money values colliding, the luxury of youthful idleness, whirlwind romance. This is the perfect book for a high school student with dreams.More than anything, this book struck me as a metaphor for timeless American ethos. Gatsby makes the paradoxical attempt to move against the tide of the future to bring back the past. He wants, like so many people, to bring back that magical moment in his life when he thought life was eternal, the world was beautiful, and he was the biggest man in it. He wants to recapture the love that opened a plethora of infinite possibilities, turning his back on the reality of changing times and changing people.Gatsby's greatness is in making himself and others believe the sublime fantasy that thinks itself real. He wants his Daisy as so many other people have wanted theirs - pure, perfect, and existing solely for him. The ambition to defeat life may become tragic, but it never gives up hope - the hope of a better, stronger tomorrow. And in the end, it is action that moves the world, but it is hope that keeps the world alive."
"This review is on my blog: http://bookchick2013.blogspot.ca/2014/02/review-great-gatsby-by-f-scott.htmlI watched the movie before I read the book. I actually had to read this book for book club and was great-full for the change of pace. The last book was over 500 pages and still took me a day to read either way, but I actually like The Great Gatsby's movie which was spot on the book. I was glad this was the book chosen for Book Club.I felt that Gatsby was a good character, but felt confused by him. He seemed to contradict himself in some situations but I felt he was a character developed well. He was by far one of my favourites in this book. my other favourite was probably Nick, the narrator. We knew the most about him, as it was from his point of view. I felt Nick was a good narrator as he would explain things that some audiences may not understand.Daisy's character seemed to be left to open in the end of the book. She was one of my least favourite characters because of the lack of love she shows for Gatsby in the end of the book and that made me lose all the respect I had for her. After seeing the ending in the movie, I had kind of hoped the book would be different but, like I said earlier the movie was spot-on.I was warned ahead of time I might have a hard time reading this because it was written ""way back when"" but honestly I had no problem reading it. I actually liked it more than I thought I would because it was one of the classics. I generally don't like classics for I feel it has a lack of romance, which I can't read a book without, but this one was actually really good.Rating: 6.9/10Parental Rating: 14+"
"When F.Scott Fitzgerald finished up this novel in Paris, he was a man with his hands full. Zelda was beginning to show signs of mental deterioration and infidelity, and his cavorting and hell-raising left behind a wake of bad reputation in the social set he used to party hearty with. He was a bit old for such shenanigans to be tolerated anymore.This is reflected in The Great Gatsby. What is also reflected, and refined, is the paradox of an American trying to live to the ideal vested in the grail known as the American Dream. Fitzgerald was indeed talented and lucky as a young writer, but he was also undisciplined and still seeking to ""prove himself.""It is refreshing, upon perhaps my third read in about 10 years, to realize that none of the characters are meant to be likable. They all have shadows and weaknesses of character. Though the narrator tries to portray himself as an innocent; an outsider, he is culpable as much as Tom Buchanan for the events following the climax of the book. This is important, and had I realized it earlier, it would've served me as I passed through the ages exhibited by the characters in the book.As with America itself, there may be ugliness, indifference, and malice in some Americans. They are, after all, people. Yet people love America  despite these bad apples. Their affection more to do with what America means...what it meant to stand for. what it has hoped to be from its inception.Hope carries the dream. Hope endures even beyond what others would deem ""reasonable."" Hope transcends age.Hope is Gatsby's specialty.Read this book and feel for yourself the quality Fitzgerald describes as ""vitality,"" and never take it for granted again."
"A couple of thoughts:1.  Don't read this book, or any book, because you believe it to be ""a classic.""  That term is essentially meaningless, and the people who use it -- either as praise or blame -- generally don't have any souls.  Really.  And that is not a subjective opinion.2.  Do read this book because, in doing so, you may learn things about the reality of America, the dream of America, dreaming itself and the beautiful emptiness of it, and perhaps even yourself.  You may not learn all these things.  You may, in fact, not learn any of them. And, frankly, you may not like the way the book is challenging your conception of yourself once you realize just how deeply it is doing so. But at the very least, even if you hate the book after you have read it, you will have exposed yourself to some thoughts that are, in and of themselves, quite beautifully expressed.  Worse things can happen to you.  And if the worst thing that ever happens to you is that you don't like a book, you'll be luckier than most.3.  A lot of people have found in this book something worthwhile, although it hasn't always been (as evidenced by these reviews) ""pleasure.""  Some of those people may indeed be fools, and others of them may have been hornswaggled by the Evil American Culture Industry into thinking this book was more meaningful to them than, say, the Iliad.  But, probably, the rest of them are just being honest.  You might give them the benefit of the doubt.4.  Likewise, a lot of people (albeit fewer of them, again as evidenced by these reviews) have found absolutely nothing worthwhile in this book.  I encourage you to read their reviews, and then to press the ""read the rest of my reviews button"" to find out just how many of them prefer, say, the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (which is, without a doubt, funnier) to this book.  But, as in thought number 3 above, it is probably a mistake to generalize:  certainly not all of the people who find this book valueless are unsophisticated, imaginationless, anti-intellectual, snobbish, or even just plain douchebags.It is remarkable, however, how often they sound that way.5.  You may disregard thought 4 with respect to Luder of Saddam City.  I'm pretty sure he/she IS a douchebag.  And I reiterate:  he/she really doesn't get the book.  Or, I suspect, books generally.  But he/she does seem to like Spanish an awful lot."
"There's so much critique-wise that could be said of this book.  It's an entertaining, interesting story.  The characters are so well-developed and their actions and words so consistent and unique throughout the novel that they seem so real.  This is something most novels lack.  Fitzgerald brings even the minor characters to life.  The imagery and symbols are intricate, both serving to further the theme.  The symbols are an integral part of the story, like Gatsby's car, which characterizes him as ostentatious and symbolically leads to his death.  The characters themselves are symbolic.  The story serves as a historical document of the 20's.  The thematic material applies as much to our present society as it did back then.  It is condensed, fitting so much meaning into each page, each sentence, each phrase.  Much of the wording of the book is so memorable, so quotable, even magical.  The Preface, Publisher's Afterward, and the Explanatory notes of this edition, as well as Cliff's Notes are very helpful to understand and appreciate this novel.The basic theme is that of the American Dream.  Jay Gatsby is defined by his dream to win Daisy Buchanan, a popular, beautiful, but superficial girl.  To win her, he needs exorbitant sums of money which he gains through corruption.  Gatsby has all the ""toys""-- a mansion, a Rolls-Royce, a hydroplane, and connections to people like Meyer Wolfsheif who fixed the 1919 World Series.  Dan Cody circling the continent aimlessly in his yacht as he falls victim to alcohol shows that money is not an end in itself.  Gatsby is different because money is only a means to an end for him; still, he fails.  This book shows the harmful effects of a wide gap between the rich and the poor.  The wealthy Buchanan's are not productive at all and the poor Wilson struggles to survive and is pushed around by Tom Buchanan.  This book shows that such extreme wealth as Gatsby's and the Buchanan's leads to waste.  Gatsby has a pool he only uses once all summer.  He drives a Rolls-Royce which can cost over 300 grand in today's money.  Daisy drives the car and accidentally kills Wilson's wife who was having an affair with Tom Buchanan, Daisy's husband.  Tom manipulates Wilson into thinking Gatsby killed her and Wilson shoots him then turns the gun on himself.  The major theme of the novel is that ""money isn't real"" as the movie ""Blow"" put it.  The material world is illusion, in other words.  I've heard it said that ""You can't buy happiness but you can rent it.""  If that's true, then it helps explain Gatsby's failure-- he tried to, and thought he did, buy it.Gatsby's boyhood program for self-improvement as revealed by his dad at the ending is just like Ben Franklin's autobiography.  Two self-help books I've read and reviewed negatively are ""How to Win Friends and Influence People"" by Dale Carnegie and ""Awaken the Giant Within"" by Anthony Robbins.  After reading Gatsby it seemed as though these two books were studied and practiced thoroughly by Jay Gatsby.First off, Gatsby's mannerisms resemble what is recommended in ""Win Friends.""  Gatsby is very indirect.  He can't just go directly to Daisy or even directly to Nick to arrange the meeting between he and Daisy.  He has Jordan tell Nick about the background between them then has Nick invite Daisy over to his house (he's Gatsby's neighbor) and tells him to tell her not to bring her husband.  Gatsby then disappears outside when she comes and knocks on the back door.  He must have looked like an idiot to Daisy being so ridiculously  indirect and obvious like this.  Gatsby even bought his house in the neighborhood of Daisy for this reason.  Another aspect of Win Friends is to smile-- whether you are truthfully happy or not to charm other people into liking you.  Consider Nick's description of Gatsby's smile, ""It was one of those rare smiles with a quality of eternal reassurance in it.  It faced--or seemed to face-- the whole external world for an instant, and then concentrated on you, with an irresistible prejudice in your favor.  It understood you just so far as you wanted to be understood, believed in you as you would like to believe in yourself and assured you that it had precisely the impression of you that, at your best, you hoped to convey.  Precisely at that point it vanished--and I was looking at an elegant young roughneck...whose elaborate formality of speech just missed being absurd.""  As is advised to do in ""Win Friends"", Gatsby makes other people feel special like the way he calls everyone ""old sport.""  But keep in mind Gatsby has no real friends and everyone but Nick merely uses him.  They flocked to his mansion by the hundred for his parties but only a few people were at his funeral.The other Jay Gatsby handbook is ""Awaken the Giant Within"" by Anthony Robbins.  I once saw Tony on TV and Jay Gatsby came to my mind before I realized it was him.  I saw Tony's signature before and it was signed in a ""majestic hand"" just like Gatsby's writing on the note of invitation to his party to Nick.  Throughout his book, Robbins writes of his accomplishments of making money and buying all the ostentatious ""toys"" like Gatsby has.  Both men's obsession with materialism is so intense as to almost take on a spiritual level.  Comparing ""The Great Gatsby"" to these two books and the movies ""Blow"" and ""Casino"" are just some ways you can understand how Gatsby relates to our world now even though it was written about the 1920's.I don't feel a review of a 1000 word limit can possibly do justice to this novel.  To appreciate it yourself, all the more I can say is read it, read Cliff's notes, think about it, read it again, and observe how the theme relates to the world around you very much today."
"The Great Gatsby was a very good book that I'd heard quite a bit about,but I never had the chance to read it for whatever reason. Now that I've read it, I'm glad I did. The book did disappoint me a little; I wanted to know more about Mr. Gatsby. It was explained a little about how he got his money, but I wanted to know exactly how he got it. I guess it really doesn't matter, I was just curious.I found the beginning of the book a little slow, and I had a hard time staying interested. Once Mr. Gatsby was introduced I couldn't wait to continue reading. I don't really know why; I guess it`s because he's the title character. He brought an excitement to the book that wasn't there before.I didn't really care for Daisy and Tom. They made me fairly angry, especially Daisy. It's like she doesn't care about anyone but herself, I can't stand that. Tom, on the other hand, is just a bully. He does what he wants to and doesn't care about the consequences or who is effected by his actions.I would have to say my favorite character is Mr. Wilson. I kind of feel sorry for him. His wife doesn't respect him and he loves her anyway. He shouldn't, and he probably wouldn't, love her if he knew everything about her. I like Mr. Wilson because he just does his thing at the station, and he lives his simple life. Meanwhile, his wife is out living like they're millionaires, which they are not.Overall, I really enjoyed the book quite a bit. It wasn't extremely exciting, but at the same time I couldn't put it down. I guess I just enjoyed the story even though I would have liked it to go more in depth in certain areas. I would definitely recommend it to someone else."
"(This review is specifically for the audio CD, not the novel itself)Tim Robbins, while a fine actor, doesn't exactly make this novel come to life in his reading of The Great Gatsby. I wouldn't say he does an awful job; it's just that there isn't much variance from one passage to the next in his narration, as he reads with the same tone throughout. I realize that some of the characters in The Great Gatsby are superficial, and probably should have a ""stuffy"" voice attached to their lines, but Robbins seems to speak in a soft, tired, trance-like way that doesn't give any power to the reading. For instance, the end of the first chapter, when Gatsby first is seen by Nick is given the same dream-like intonation as the rest of the chapter. There is no emphasis.  It's as if he has run a race and is out of breath and is about to lie down for a nap. I don't mind it so much because I like the novel, and can get past a little of this, but using this audio as a resource for class defeats the purpose because students lose interest. Part of listening to a CD is to make variations of the story come to life and emphasis words and passages that students might not understand, something that doesn't happen often when a student is reading. However, I have found that reading most of the novel aloud better than the audio CD, because listening it tends to be a slow, tedious process and doesn't really justify the power and meaning the Fitzgerald's story is suppose to have. Therefore, I'll use this CD sparingly for class, but most of it is just read aloud. Overall, it is an average reading, and you probably are better off looking elsewhere for an audio book for The Great Gatsby."
"Having somehow not been forced to read this book, it never really crossed my radar as something that I wanted to read. And now with the film out, I decided to finally get around to the book. Happy that I did.The buzz words about this book go on about how it depicts the Jazz Age and a certain segment of NYC and the North Shore. It does indeed capture the zeitgeist of that time and that place. But what this book does do really well and what few others do so well is tell a story. And what a wonderfully written story it is. The words, the sentences, the metaphors all are crafted by a masterful writer. I was sometimes lost in phrases that I had to read over and over because they were that beautiful. Sentences like ""So we drove on toward death through the cooling twilight"".Our story, told from the vantage of Nick Carraway is about love. Whose love? Why the love of the mysterious Jay Gatsby for Daisy Buchanan. Mystery seems to an aphrodisiac. An aphrodisiac that Nick is drawn to. Quickly he is caught in the orbit of the Great Gatsby. Into worlds of excess, decadence, and of course into worlds of love and adultery. To reveal more would give away far too much. Especially for a book that is under 200 pages and can be read in one sitting. But what can be said of the book is that it leaves one with an impression that lingers. Thinking about the story there's just something on the edge of your lips that you want to say about it but that you just can't unless the person has read the book too.It's a beautiful book, wonderfully well-written, and with engaging characters. Some of whom you may want to kill. What more could you want?"
"all my life people have been telling me I really need to read this book. . .Like all books it's a lot different then people tell you it is.All the characters seem pretty pathetic.The bad guy, Tom, is the most interesting."
"Fitzgerald's words are like waves and I was only along for the ride. There was certainly more to get out of this book than I did, but it left a strong, satisfying feeling with me when I finished. When I awoke I was face-down in the sand."
"I had forgotten how delightful and evocative this book is--or perhaps it just all went over my head back in high school.It has made me think of three things: devices that compel the reader forward, the way a story folds, unfolds, and reveals, and death in the novel.The thing that propels the book forward--the mysterious Gatsby--is introduced at the very beginning.  Although this initial mystery does not take us to the end of the novel, nor is it even a particularly revelatory device, the mystery does get things going, giving Fitzgerald the space to lay out his characters, their place and time, and the voice of his narrator.Once we get to the bottom of the Gatsby mystery, once we learn Gatsby's history and motivation, the story continues to unfold. And the real telling of the story, the real events, surround the characters and their clashes with one another, with their desire and the things that either get in the way of their desire, or the things that the satiated desire reveals. And it is in this wanting and getting that the real story takes shape.And then I wonder about death in the novel. I suppose I wonder this because I just finished Moody's ""Ice Storm"" and I feel as though the death in that book was somehow unnecessary--not that I can imagine the novel completing itself without the death. In fact, I don't know what else would complete the book. But in the particular instance of Moody's novel, the death seems too convenient. Even in Gatsby, death comes not in the messy, senseless way of real life, but in the meaningful (if only for the protagonist) way of fiction. But of course, that it exactly what it is."
"The Great Gatsby is Fitzgerald's third novel and his best novel.It is better than any of his short stories even though he is a better short story writer than a novelist. The novel focuses on the lives of young and shallow rich people .Nick Carraway is the narrator who provides the perspective and the main focus is on the title character Jay Gatsby who is fabulously wealthy. Gatsby invites many people to his grand parties but none of them are his friends as future developments in the novel show.He has a fake life which he creates to win the hand of Daisy Buchanan, a woman he loved in hiss youth but could not obtain because of his poverty.Gatsby gains wealth in illegal and immoral ways and when he has an affair with Daisy,her husband investigates Gatsby's past and exposes him destroying the affair and eventually destroying Gatsby.The novel is how wealth without character is worthless pleasure without purpose is worthless and using money to buy friends without developing ones relationships so that friendship is not dependent on money is also a worthless way to live. Fitzgerald clearly sees the pointlessness of the young and wealthy of his era who live primarily off the inheritance from their parents but  his life in many ways would end up becoming like those he criticized partly because of the unstable alcoholic he married who enticed him to join in her self destructive lifestyle.After Gatsby, Fitzgerald's writing declined but the magnificent dialogue and descriptive phrasing plus his keen and compelling insight into the hollowness of a live driven by wealth and the desire for pleasure make this a great American novel"
"This summer I’m reading some of my favorite novels again, and reading some new ones I’ve been told about. One of my favorite novels from AP English was The Great Gatsby, so I’m beginning with this one. I love this novel because it holds so many meanings at the same time. It’s a novel about longing to remake yourself into an image of your own choice and not the choice you were handed by  your background. That makes it a universal novel, but also, it’s such an American novel because of  the strong American myth about anyone being able to “move up” in the world with hard work and planning. In this instance, Gatz remakes himself into Gatsby. Nick is the narrator, and he meets Mr. Gatz, Gatsby’s father, at the end of Gatsby’s life.. From Mr. Gatz, Nick learns about Gatsby’s plans to better himself and get out  of the life he would have been destined to stay in if he hadn’t worked so hard to get out of it.. Gatz shows Nick a list his son had written in the inside back cover of Hopalong Cassidy: “Rise from bed, 6:00, Dumbell exercise and wall-scaling, 6:15-6:30” and more. So Gatsby reinvented himself and had the big fancy house and car to prove it. Throughout the novel Nick writes that underneath the glittery surface, Gatsby is insubstantial. He never talks about who he is. It’s like he only reflects the world around him. He longs for a woman he can’t have. He longs to belong to the upper classes, but he is never truly accepted. He longs for whatever the green light at the end of that dock means for him. We all as readers know that it means a lot more than the longing for the woman in the house leading up from that dock."
"I recommend this book because it gives a realistic view of the American Dream in the 1920s.  The '20's were a time of change for women.  They were cutting their hair, working for the right to vote and playing golf.  These  new freedoms were enjoyed by the character Jordan Baker.The '20's were  also a time of getting rich.  Lots of people were making money on the  stockmarket, but only white people. All of the characters in the Great  Gatsby were Caucasian.The '20's were a time of organized crime and  bootleggers.  Gatsby was rumored to be earning his wealth illegally.  Life  had lost its meaning for the rich.  Daisy Buchanan's life was filled with  material comforts and luxuries, and empty of purpose.  ""What'll we do  with ourselves this afternoon, and the day after that, and the next thirty  years?"" she asks one afternoon.Nick Carraway, the main character,  symbolizes the average, middle class person who dreams of being rich.  He  moved East for a better job and more money.  During the course of the book,  he learns to know rich people.  (Daisy is his cousin.)  He realizes that  the American Dream is not as dreamy as it appears to be. In fact, part of  the American Dream is a nightmare.  Still the desire to be rich and have  the American Dream is strong and hard to resist.  Myrtle Wilson is treated  shabbily by Tom Buchanan a rich man with whom she is having an affair.  Still she prefers time with the rich Tom to the life she has with her  husband who is poor.I enjoyed this realistic view of the American Dream  in the 1920s."
"Well writes but I didn't change my opinion even with 50 years between reads. Nick, Gatsby and a couple of minor characters were the only people Iin the book that shouldn't have been drowned at birth for the good of mankind."
On my bucket list of books to read. It is a good book and I believe Baz captured it well. Not my type of subject. The Hilton's and Kardashians of the old. Superficial and the same as it is today. History does repeat itself.
"I really enjoyed this book. I admit, I was surprised. I went into reading this book as a big task, something to be avoided at all costs. But when I really got down to reading it, I realized how interesting the book actually  was. The first chapter or so was a bit slow, but after that the storyline  just kept gaining momentum. I strongly believe that F. Scott Fitzgerald was  the premier writer of the ""Jazz Age.""  ""The Great  Gatsby"" is often referred to as the quintessential novel of the  ""Jazz Age"" and I believe that this is very true! Some of  Fitzgerald's characters seem as real as the characters in ""Ordinary  People.""  Realism is especially clear in the main character, Nick  Cathaway.  He is a hard working man from the Midwest who was in the  ""Great War.""  Some people say that he lives a rather boring life,  but honestly, if your life were so much more exciting would you be sitting  at home reading this book?  I didn't think so!  Although Fitzgerald was a  great writer, I think he was a little politically incorrect. He also used a  lot of plays on words, which made reading the novel a little more  confusing. The notes in the back of the book did help a little but it was  more confusing then it needed to be. I did like how Fitzgerald used the  first person. It lets us get really close inside the narrator's head and  that's nice to be able to do. Overall I really enjoyed reading this book  and I can't wait to read other books by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Thank you for  listening and V.A. rules."
"I have to say as a required reading book I was skeptical on whether or not I would like it but I have to say I really did like it!I finished the book before my classmates did (of course) and let me just say I have reread the ending about 10 times. Seriously, it was that stunning/good. I got kinda teary eyed too at the end but I don't want to say why cause it will ruin it!Fitzgerald is an amazing writer and it's not wonder that this is a classic because the writer and the plot and the characters (and everything!) is so well thought out and amazing. When we did discussions in class for this book I was suprised at how many hidden meanings there were in the story and why Fitzgerald said that word in that one sentence.Anyway the book was amazing, it kinda makes you think too! Like is the American Dream what we think it is? or is it some corrupt image that we all have in our heads? And are all people what they seem? or do we put off an exterior person and act totally different in private? And why do people do certain things when they're in love?Yeah suprisingly love was a HUGE subject in this book which suprised me because I honestly had no idea what this book was about but I didn't think it was going to be about love.Let me just say right now, because I don't think it will give anything away, I hated Daisy. I know, I know! A lot of people like her but I hated her in this book. If you've read this you know what I'm talking about!http://www.thepaige-turner.com/2011/11/great-gatsby-by-f-scott-fitzgerald.html"
"There is no way a movie can capture the nuances, tenor and magic of this book.  Gatsby is written like each word is hand picked and covered in chocolate....like a chocolate covered strawberry.  No movie can capture this."
"This book was an unexpected treasure. At first it seemed a tale of life in the fast-lane, but in a juxtaposed twist became a serious gulp-inducer. It has all the important emotions covered and they all flow like a river."
"Gatsby wanted one thing and one thing only; Daisy. However, he failed to understand that not everything we want is what we need. This novel is a strong message to the young that money doesn't always bring you happiness."
I reread this in preparation for the movie coming out this year. I am so glad that i did as i had forgotten just what a classic this book is. A great story with robust characters that will transport you to another time.
"F. Scott Ftizgerald hits the mark with The Great Gatsby.  The book is flawless.  His excellence comes in his subtle use of characters, the ""twists"" in the story, and the slow, teasing unravelling of the  ""real"" story.We don't meet Gatsby right away.  We are given  hints, gossip and a vision or two.  Yet Gatsby, while not the narrator of  the story (as is Nick Carraway), is the main character.  This is Gatsby's  story, as told through his neighbor, Nick Carraway.  Even when we do meet  Gatsby, we, along with Carraway and the inhabitants of West Egg, are made  aware of the fact that we still do not fully know who he is, where he comes  from or very much about the man.  This subtle characterization illustrates  Fitzgerald's genius.There are a handful of moments in The Great Gatsby  when the reader drops the book down and says, ""Ohmygosh!"".  Fitzgerald doesn't make this book flat and predictable, but instead takes  some interesting turns.  One such turn occurs when Tom Buchanan gets  confrontational with Gatsby, and Gatsby, the polished gentleman, opens  right up and speaks the truth as he sees it -- giving a shocking  revelation.We wade into The Great Gatsby not knowing what lurks in the  murky waters.  Is this a story about a mysterious man with a dark past?  Oh--  okay, this is a love story!...No, wait...this is a story about  life...  It is not until the last word is read, the book is closed and set  down, that the reader truly ""gets"" The Great Gatsby."
"This is a great book. Nearly one hundred years after it was written, it has become a GREAT book.Not a long book, it's barely 50,000 words. This is the closest thing to a ""prose poem"" as exists.Sure, the incidents in the book are from the ""Jazz Age"".  But the book is about'making it' in America.  Faking it until you make it.  Or don't.  Or in the case of Tom Buchanan, wealthy, athletically gifted, outwardly a success, but a total failure as a human being.The movies that have been made from the book have been failures. They focus on what can be marketed, advertised: the wild parties, the drinking, the wealth.  The Baz Luhrmann movie will be even more Baroque.What people miss is the austerity, the simplicity, of the narrative. And the storyline. Fitzgeralds ability to paint with words. The reflections of the narrator, Nick Carraway. He sets the tone, tells the tale, and illustrates the moral. For ultimately, this is a moral tale.The ending begins:""One of my most vivid memories is of coming back west from prep school and later from college at Christmas time. . . . When we pulled out into the winter night and the real snow, our snow, began to stretch out beside us and twinkle against the windows, and the dim lights of small Wisconsin stations moved by, a sharp wild brace came suddenly into the air. We drew in deep breaths of it as we walked back from dinner through the cold vestibules, unutterably aware of our identity with this country for one strange hour, before we melted indistinguishably into it again.""Nick has returned home.  He's looking back on events.The last six or seven pages in this novel are so exceptionally well written they rank with a few of the most famous soliloquies in Shakespeare.""So we beat on...""One man, reflecting on the lessons of life."
"With the movie pending, this seemed like a good time to re-read a novel I haven't picked up in years. So long, in fact, that I can't remember my first impressions of it. So we're stuck here with my impressions from the re-read:Gatsby, you fool. You're smart enough to pull yourself out of poverty and desperation (albeit perhaps not in the most legal way, but one takes what one can get) and then waste it all on a silly girl? How are we supposed to feel any sympathy for that? My guess is that we're not.Fitzgerald was one of the Lost Generation, so we have to expect a lot of pointless stuff here. That's not to say it's not interesting - on the contrary, it's a regular soap opera: love affairs, cheating, lying, crime, rich people, etc and so on. He clearly disdained the idle rich and this novel showcases that. Yet as much as Gatsby, Tom and Daisy irritate (especially Daisy, as we never really get to know her at all), they also fascinate, something I believe Fitzgerald was disdainful of.The most fascinating character, in my opinion, is found in Myrtle Wilson, the poor wife of a garage-owner who longs to escape her existence. Although Fitzgerald devotes far more time to Daisy, it is Myrtle who is complex and compelling in every way. If nothing else, you should read the book just to get a glimpse of her.The book, of course, is a tragedy. Or is it? Tragic events certainly happen, but it is difficult to feel any sense of sorrow or compassion for them.With the movie coming out, I would suggest you read this one if you missed it during your primary education years. At only 160 pages or so, it's a short read and worth your time if only so you can poke fun at the inaccuracies/exaggerations in the upcoming movie and talk about what Fitzgerald himself would have thought of the production. ;)"
"Not being American, I never studied this book in high school. Which was probably just as well. Because like the vast of majority of the classics of English language literature, such a book is way beyond the comprehension of the twentieth or twenty first century teenager. And so, a complete waste of a good book.  After only a brief look at reviews of this novel on Good Reads or Amazon it is glaringly obvious that readers either passionately adore it or hate it with a frightening fervour - and for most it was compulsory school reading.  Now take a look at the trailer for the Baz Luhrmann film due to be released in May of this year. It brings the novel to life in such a way that no high school English teacher could ever have done! And perhaps nowadays that is how we perceive a 'Classic' novel such as this. Filmed five times previously only shows how truly timeless the novel is, and how each generation tweaks it for current relevance.This novel is so timeless it has been compared to a Greek tragedy with its classic love triangle - Gatsby, Daisy and Tom; secondary but essential characters who tip the balance into madness - George and Myrtle Wilson; and the Chorus - Nick Carraway who is a distant cousin of Daisy and becomes Gatsby's neighbour for the summer. Into this mix are thrown and stirred the greed, ambition and hedonism of the very rich in 1920s America. And above all perhaps boredom - these people have so little point to their lives, are so self absorbed, and have so little purpose that it is no wonder trouble results. Be careful what you wish for...There is little point in doing a plot summary as the story is so well known and the plot is so accessible via the Net. But you don't read a book just for the plot. At just 190 pages, this is a short 'Classic' read, written with such vividness you can feel the heat of the New York summer, the cool lushness of Long Island, the despair in Gatsby's heart, the emptiness in Daisy. With the doorstops that nowadays pass for 'Classic' novels, it is a true joy to read something written with such finesse and restraint. It may not be rewarding reading for a teenager but for an adult, most definitely."
"""Gatsby"" is still one of my personal favorites.  IMHO it is one of the great American novels, and one of the best American novels to tell the story of a particular class of people in any era out there.  In this case, the era is The Roaring Twenties and the class of people that the novel deals with is the extremely wealthy.  It was definitely an interesting era and ""The Great Gatsby"" is the novel that stands tall above all the other novels to deal with this subject matter.Jay Gatsby is a man of mystery and intrigue.  Women fall at his feet.  He supposedly went to Oxford.  He hangs out with the man who fixed the 1919 Chicago White Sox World Series.  Nobody really knows how he makes his money or how he made his fortune, but he apparently started from scratch.  He throws outlandish parties that all sorts of rich and famous people who do not know him come to.  People clamor to be on the list to his parties but do not know him.These people are portrayed as shallow, brittle, vain.  They have come by their money, but they care not whom the victims are along the road or in the path ahead.  Just so they can hold on to their claim to fame.  Anything, so that they can maintain their lifestyle.  Society is disposable, people come and go, they live and die.  It really does not have anything to do with them, does it darling?What happens in the novel is really of no concern, also.  This is profound, but it makes ""Gatsby"" the novel that it is.  ""Gatsby"" is the first book in ""The Big Read"" for Wichita, KS. this year (2012).  The contest for it is to re-write the ending in so-many-words-or-less.  This, too is very interesting, because the novel could have a number of differnt endings.  It makes one wonder how many possible endings F. Scott Fitzgerald had.Cam"
"Reviewing ""The Great Gatsby"" feels a bit presumptuous and for sure somehow redundant. What can one say that has not been said already about this seminal story?To avoid being totally repetitive I will start with some personal perspective. I read this book the first time as a teenager in my native Bucharest, at a time when I knew little about life in general and almost nothing about New York or United States.  When I finished reading, I was left with the impression that this was about some people quarreling after a car accident. What a difference 40 years make. Reading it now, I felt great empathy for the plight of the characters and I believe I recognized at least some of the universal themes pursued by the author. It seems to me that Fitzgerald advances here a very pessimistic premise about people's behavior and what they can expect from life, namely that those who are self-absorbed or just selfish will always end up better off than those who, in pursuit of valid or absurd dreams, insist on fighting the reality on behalf of their dreams.As we follow the story, Gatsby's dream of recapturing the lost love of his youth, Myrtle's dream of becoming a respectable bourgeois matron, Wilson's dream of being a successful business owner, all become vehicles for the ultimate destruction of those who dream them.  In the meantime the monumentally insensitive Tom and the cowardly shallow Daisy continue to prosper in the big city, not perturbed in the least by their heavy responsibility for what has just happened. Learning his lesson, the narrator, Nick , gives up on his dream of becoming a well-adjusted East Coast money man  and decides to go back home to Mid-West.Some people will see here a class contrast element. After all, Tom and Daisy are rich while their unintended victims are low or lower class. I believe that the essence of the story transcends class. In my experience, people like Tom and Daisy can be found in all strata of society, irrespective of income or status.The pleasure of reading this book is enhanced by Scott Fitzgerald wonderful gift for using little details like a gesture, a word, a simple noise or a clever comment by the narrator in order to bring depth to his characters and advance the story. ""The Great Gatsby"" effortlessly transports us to the ""roaring twenties"" in New York City, a time and place of great optimism and sudden prosperity for many. The author viewpoint is less rosy. He spots human frailty and suffering even in the middle of the most lavish settings. In a symbolic way, Daisy's car crash portends historical events still to come.  Ability to prophesize aside, Fitzgerald remains himself a product of the era. Within the story, he casually stereotypes Jews as shadowy money grubbing characters with hairs coming out of their noses and he is not above using variations of the ""n"" word when he thinks necessary. No matter; this is a remarkable novel, one of those ten or twenty essential books that everyone should read before claiming they know anything about human nature. I highly recommend it."
"I finished reading this book for the first time last week. I usually review the books I read here, but since this book is closing in on being 100 years old, is required reading in many American AP high school English courses and most likely everything that could possibly be said about it by the human race, positive and negative, has been said by reviewers of higher importance than I, I thought it would be silly to review it.But here's this: I liked it. I liked it quite a lot. As much as I read, it's almost absurd that I hadn't gotten to this one sooner, but I'm glad I read it at this age because I almost surely wouldn't have appreciated it in it's fullness if I'd read it in high school.My wife recently read it for the second time (and she loves it), and though our taste in books is usually pretty far from similar, she insisted I really ought to give it a whirl. I was in the mood for something older and in the modern classic realm, so here we are.I have to say it went by fast. I mean, it's a short novel; less than 200 pages. But I daresay once things get cooking (once Gatsby actually enters the novel, basically), it's almost written in a jumpy, quick-moving way. Sure, there are moments of quiet beauty and reminiscence, but the party scenes are perfect depictions of swirling chaos from loud-mouthed, gossipy rich people from the perspective of a man who largely keeps to himself. I love how well the tone of the dialogue encapsulates the time period and suggests that most of the folks were talking just to hear their own voices, responding with answers that had nothing to do with the previous speaker, and no one really listened and no one really cared (again I'm referring primarily to the rich folks at the parties... not necessarily Gatsby or the other main characters, though Daisy shows some hints of this high-living arrogance).This is getting dangerously close to a review (MAY IT NEVER BE, GAINES!!), so I'll wrap up. I reckon this is a novel with layers; something short and rich that reveals more good stuff every time you re-read it. That being said, I'm fairly certain I'll revisit this book somewhere down the road."
"The Great Gatsby could be stated as one of the greatest pieces of literature. Everyone should experience the world of Fitzgerald's writing. Fitzgerald created the characters with distinct personalities. He lets the reader feel strong sympathy for each character. In contrast, some readers may believe the characters are too exaggerated and seem unrealistic such as Daisy Buchanan. However, I believe exaggerated parts are necessary for the interesting plot.Jay Gatsby could be announced as one of the main characters. His perseverance to love one girl for a long time is very admiring. However, his dream of reuniting with Daisy crushes when he comes back and sees her with another successful man. When the reader finds out of his struggle, the reader starts feeling sympathy for him and realizes that money cannot solve everything. It is depressing to see Gatsby hold on to the past, thinking he could re-live it. Gatsby's idealistic characteristic as well as his wrongful idea of money buying happiness wins favors from his audience as well as myself and teaches us a real life lesson.The theme that money does not buy happiness is clearly apparent. Gatsby's character progression portrays how money cannot always bring the most desired, finding happiness. He thought prosperity could get him what he wanted, a common mistake that people in the modern society uphold. Many of us think money is all you need, that fortune could bring us joy in this money-oriented society. Wealth could bring us happiness to a certain extent; it cannot buy values that can only be obtained through experience. When he comes back as a prosperous man, he is shocked by the fact that his absence had caused Daisy to be with another man. The story was full of ups, downs and un-expectancies with an irony, which kept the reader wanting to continue on to the next page. Everyone who has read the book already could happily agree that it is hard to find a stopping point due to its intensity revolving around the characters and the stories they create. The overall language Fitzgerald uses in the novel defies typical comprehensive characteristics of an intelligent composition by making the book easier to follow yet still containing a higher-level reading."
"Prior to starting this novel, I was convinced I had read it some time in school while I was growing up.  Throughout my public school education, we had read a variety of classics from Steinbeck, Dickens, Hemingway, Miller, etc.  So I really thought I had read this one along the way.  After a couple of paragraphs, I realized that I hadn't, because I think I would have remembered the different feel this one seems to have from most classic American literature.The length of the novel alone is enough to show you that it's not quite the same as some of those other novels.  Fitzgerald seemed to have more of a sense of what to cut out and what to include than some of his contemporaries, because at no point during this reading did I sit and think ""Will you just get ON with it?!?""  I'm sad to say that I have done that with plenty of other authors, so I was a bit worried I'd have that reaction when going through The Great Gatsby.  I very happily enjoyed this novel and hope to read more of Fitzgerald's work in the future.The book itself is the tragic tale of our title character, Jay Gatsby.  Having never been satisfied with the life he came from, Gatsby invents a new self and goes about trying to find the person he wants to be.  Along the way, he meets Daisy, who becomes the big driving force in his life.  I think in today's day and age, we might call Gatsby a stalker - he's obsessive and goes so far as to buy his house in Long Island because of his ability to see Daisy's across the way.  While this would seem creepy if we were telling it from a modern perspective, it strikes me as being rather sad.  Gatsby goes from only knowing he wants to make money, to knowing he wants to make money for Daisy.  At one point during the story, he even says that he decided doing things was less important than telling Daisy about all the things he wanted to do.  It's really a sad case of lost boy syndrome, in my book.Something that really stuck out to me throughout the book was that people seemed to want to be around Gatsby, but no one necessarily seems to like him, going so far as to spread random rumors about how he acquired his fortune and what his past was like.  This theme carries through to the end when we learn that our narrator, Nick Carraway, is the only one who is truly there for Gatsby in his time of need.  While Gatsby isn't a model citizen, he doesn't seem all that scandalous to me, and certainly doesn't deserve the rumor mongering that follows him throughout the course of the novel.  Maybe it's just the fact that I'm looking at it from a modern perspective, so his actions don't seem any worse than things we see on TV on a daily basis.I picked this book up for Banned Books Week, and found it rather amusing when I was investigating the reasoning behind the banning of this book.  It was basically for language and some mild sexual content, which is just ridiculous.  I certainly didn't see any bad language when reading it, and the only references to sex were along the lines of ""so and so left the room for awhile"".  Again, maybe it's a more modern perspective, but those things are just silly.  I'm totally against the banning of books anyway, so I guess I've got a skewed perspective twice over.The only questionable thing for me is really the behavior of Daisy's husband, Tom Buchanan.  I found Tom to be annoying, as arrogant as he is described, and a bigot to top it off.  It's made worse by the knowledge that men like Tom did exist, and to an extent they still do.  Still, that's no reason to ban a book, it's just a reason to dislike Tom and root for Gatsby.I really would be curious to see what kind of things Fitzgerald would have come up with if he lived in our time.  It's a shame we lost him all too soon, because I think he has a unique voice and I would have liked to see more from him."
"The Great Gatsby is a timeless classic that can be appreciated decades after its publication. The mysterious Gatsby looms over the lethargic beginning, but as he comes into focus the novel becomes enthralling. The mysterious Gatsby is at first depicted as a wealthy, powerful man, but shocking irony reveals the truth. Gatsby's love for Daisy has driven him to an extravagant lifestyle. Gatsby, once portrayed as the wealthiest and most powerful man in New York, was nothing more than a hopeless romantic. Gatsby is further berated - Daisy's wife, Tom, accuses Gatsby of criminal activities and involvement. Nonetheless, Gatsby and Daisy still meet privately on several occasions, and Gatsby's ornate portrayal of Daisy is not fulfilled. Over the years, Gatsby has exalted Daisy with his immense wealth and imagination. The overarching theme throughout the novel is exactly that mentioned above.  Gatsby's exalting of Daisy has turned her into nothing more than a possession in his mind.  This can be paralleled to the American Dream, the desire for success, prosperity, wealth, and a family. Gatsby can never have Daisy because of his immense wealth, an ironic cynical idea that was likely portrayed since this novel was written in the midst of the Great Depression. Another theme parodies the constant quest for money in America. The upper class, repented by Gatsby, is motivated by greed and desire. On the surface, the upper class appear superior an powerful, but in reality they are so desperate that they seek wealth to fill the hole in their personal American Dream.Overall, the Great Gatsby is a timeless classic, brilliantly written on multiple levels. The entire storyline brilliantly parallels and satires the quest for wealth, needs, and desires. F. Scott Fitzgerald's writing is elegant yet precise. As previously mentioned, the beginning, though lethargic and descriptive, is still intriguing. At first, the verbose details may seem extraneous, but it proves to be a great beginning to an amazing novel."
"and lacking in content to be memorable such that I actually read it twice.It doesn't say much about me probably, but this is a book I've been interested in enough that I read it twice, but not on purpose.  I read the book on paper once 10 years ago, but apparently found the book lacking enough substance to remember I had read it.  The second time through, I read it on Kindle.  You'd think in starting a book a second time that something would click, but when you read a book such as this... a book that works as a character study in a setting I've read about multiple times (I find this book similar to The Sun Also Rises), the book starts out a bit typical to the point I passed off the familiarness to the genre rather than to having read the book before.  It wasn't until the climactic scenes at the end of the book that I realized I had read this before.Of course, we often read books twice when we like them, and we even occasionally find we like things on a second go around.  In this case, I found I didn't like the book on the second go around.  The book is a character study on a man named Gatsby whom moves into the ""neighborhood"" of his former girlfriend in the pursuit of ultimate happiness.  In this pursuit is where the character flaw begins.  It boils down to the ideal that money can buy happiness. And, of course, we often see that greed is more of an addiction that can rarely be overcome, and Jay Gatsby has that greed.The setting is in the jazz era of the early 20th century, and of course Jay Gatsby isn't the only character stricken with greed.  The book is simple as far as plots go, and the plot wouldn't even be all that out of place now nearly 100 years later.  The biggest strength of the book is really in the intricate weaving of characters surrounding Daisy Buchanan, the girlfriend Gatsby pursues.  While Daisy and Jay are the most important characters in the book, it is what I call the character flaws for all the characters including those two that give any interest to the book.  It is unfortunate that as the book progresses it is Jay Gatsby who dominates.I know the book is a classic, and I know many people like it.  I am actually surprised I don't; I liked The Sun Also Rises, which seems to be the opposite of many people (many like this book and not that one).  I'm not sure what it is.  I really seemed to me that liking one should lead to like in the other, and in that regard giving the book a second chance was worth it.  My biggest complaint is that the book is in someways too simple.Gatsby is a complicated character, but we are never fully given a view into his complicated mind.  I was left at the end of the book wishing I knew more about him especially what happened to him before the novel.  Of course there are hints and background, but I felt like I was wanting more.  The book almost seemed too simple and in some ways too predictable.  Perhaps that is unfair too having read the book twice, but I remembered feeling that way at the end both times I read it.  Gatsby and Daisy were relatively likable characters (not lovable for their various flaws), and I felt they deserved a bit better.Of course, it isn't Hollywood, and the ending provided only enhances the novel since as far as plot goes the ending makes the novel.  Never-the-less, I felt like there could have been more; more insight into the characters, more to the plot, more resolution, etc."
Still one of the great American novels! The prose is always exhilarating every time I read it.  The novel continues to speak to the hollowness of the American dream and the never-ending class struggle in this country.
"This is my first time reading The Great Gatsby. This is an amazing Book. It starts off slow but as you keep reading you see a lot of character development. Fitzgerald uses this book to write a love story based in the jazz age but doesn’t make it a happily ever after novel. He pushes the harsh reality into Gatsby’s eyes and shows how shallow some rich people can be. Daisy has an undying love for Gatsby but is too afraid to make the move of leaving Tom. The story is written in the point of view of Nick Carraway, whom I believe to have the most sense out of all the Characters of the book. During the story you see his relationship with Gatsby flourish into an obsession with Gatsby. As a reader I can never expect what each character will do. When you learn about Nick and Jordan Bakers relationship you will perceive they will get together and possibly get married. As you keep reading you realize Jordan and too selfish for Nick and Nick is too consumed with Gatsby’s life to think about her. When you learn about Tom and his affair you would assume he will eventually leave Daisy to be with Myrtle Wilson.  Fitzgerald makes each character start off very simple if not predictable but as the novel continues they each become more complex and very unpredictable. After the fight and car accident, one might believe Daisy would run away with Gatsby and get married and start a new life. That’s the farthest from the truth. The Book end with a true meaning of the novel and somewhat of an understanding of each character."
I read this book as a young person and have recently re-read this book for the sheer enjoyment of it. It is a classic and will remain one in my opinion. Great book that should be on everybody's 'bucket list' to read.
"As with many great works, I can read this book at many different times in my life and uncover new layers of meaning. F. Scott Fitzgerald creates a world that is almost like an optical illusion. With one twist of the wrist, something can appear as the exact opposite of what it previously seemed. The characters are presented in such a way as to create sympathy for them which ultimately leads the reader to excuse their reckless deeds.There is no character that doesn't have something to like about them, however superficial those attributes they may be. However, if one looks beyond the superficial allure, instead of being dazzled by that which shines on the surface, one can see the more important deficits of character and human decency.The character Daisy, with the constant references to her sonorous voice, alluring visage and pleasant demeanor, is painted as the perfect portrait of a modern day siren. She was indeed a ""beautiful fool"" who can get people to like her by acting in ways that pander to their sensibilities and expectations. It is because of her charms and her apparent helplessness that most readers will, in some way, excuse or minimize her cold-blooded actions. The fact that F. Scott Fitzgerald has the reader rooting for characters that are so obviously self-centered true testament to his skill as a writer.The writing is enjoyable to read. The character descriptions are memorable and the action of the novel is well-paced. I read this book in one afternoon."
"I first read The Great Gatsby when I was 18 or 19. I could not understand it.I could not understand the nuances of the sentiments, the hypocrisy of relationships, the relationships of practicality. I did not understand the things that were said and the meaning of the unsaid. I did not realise that there were people who led lives without having to work, and without having any real purpose except flitting from one social engagement to another.All I remembered was a great big golden car that gleamed in the sun.*That was a long time ago. And I have been touched by the realities of life since. And now I understand.I understand the poignance of having a colossal dream, one that is likely to meet disappointment when faced with the realities and practicalities. Yet somehow I want the dream to be fulfilled too, for the dream's own sake, because it is still larger than all our small, mundane lives put together.Now that I am touched by the God of the Earth, knowing that I need to keep my feet firmly on the ground, I marvel at those who even have some semblance of a dream, a hope.And so, surely, now I understand why Gatsby was great. Because of his capacity for hope, for love. It was bigger than what most people could ever be or even hope to have.*I recall that Gatsby car was seen as a phallic symbol by some critics. But aren't ALL big, expensive, impressive cars extensions of men, and as such all are phallic to some extent?"
"I don't know how I got through high school without having to read The Great Gatsby, but the truth is that I have only recently read it for the first time.  Whenever I mentioned I was reading it to friends, they all said something along the lines of ""That is one of my favorites.  You are going to love it.""  Sadly, I did not.Sure, the writing style was truly impressive.  Fitzgerald really has a way with words.And, admittedly, the storyline is interesting.  When Nick Carraway rents a small house on Long Island in 1922, he quickly gets drawn into the shady lives of his wealthy neighbors, including the mysterious Jay Gatsby who lives in the lavish mansion right next door.  In my humble opinion, the plot read like a juicy tabloid magazine about affluent socialites.While I enjoyed the book, I think the reason I didn't love it is that I didn't really care for any of the characters.  Deceit, arrogance, entitlement, infidelity . . . none of them really conducted themselves in a respectable manner.  The narrator, Nick, was benign enough, but he struck me as relatively colorless.  He merely served as the observer of the scrupleless folks around him.Despite these shortcomings, I can still genuinely recommend that you read the book.  It's a notable American classic, a quick and easy read, and you really should read it before you go see the new movie starring Leonardo DiCaprio this month.  So read it and enjoy it.  Just don't blame me if you don't love it."
"What a joy it has been to return to a book such as ""The Great Gatsby"" after an absence of thirty years.  I last read this book as a teenager and, although I enjoyed it then, it is a real delight to an adult.In essence, the book outlines the life and lifestyle of Jay Gatsby who lived on Long Island near New York City in the 1920s.  His background is shrouded in some mystery with various reports that he has been a killer, a bootlegger and a fixer of baseball's 1919 World Series.  However, the key to his background is unrequited love for Daisy Buchanan who he knew at the time of the First World War and before he was sent away to France.  Unfortunately, during his wartime absence, Daisy has married someone else and Gatsby is left yearning for her company.  He throws vast and extravagant parties in the hope that Daisy might drop by and their love can be rekindled.  His love rules his life as, across the water from his house, he can see the distant green light at the end of the pier at Daisy's home.  This distant light epitomises his love for Daisy; it is far away yet still burning.Without wrecking the plot for those readers who may not be so familiar with the book, Gatsby's life ends with pain and misery and no renewal of love.  In this sense, the book takes on the character of a Shakespearean tragedy.I can recommend this book to all readers of great fiction.  ""The Great Gatsby"" has a timeless quality.  It has endured for decades so far and will endure for many more to come."
"I've heard about this book since before high school, and I have finally taken the time to read it. I thought it was good, a little hard to access because it speaks so much to the generation of the roaring twenties."
"I had read this many years ago, and know it's considered to be a classic,  but this time around I found the characters and subject matter to be so distasteful that I wondered why I was spending my time reading it."
"Fitzgerald's most notable work, ""The Great Gatsby"" defined a generation; that of the Jazz Age (1920's upper-crust America).  Told in first-person through the young, middle-class metaphor Nick Carraway, the story has one of the most overarching themes I have ever encountered.  On one level a tragic love triangle between Daisy Buchanan, Tom Miller, and Jay Gatsby.  On another, it tells the story of New York's middle- and upper-classes, and the aftereffects of a lavish lifestyle on both societies.The narrative unfolds in a straightforward manner, and the language is beautiful, the prose intricately crafted with the care of a master gardener.The novel also touches briefly on the theme of war as well; Gatsby returns to find his idea of feminine perfection, Daisy, has married the bellicose Tom Buchanan.  Gatsby becomes infatuated with the acquisition of wealth, material possessions and appearances the centerpoint of his existence.  Which makes his ending all the more powerful; in the end, Gatsby is undone by his greed and egocentrism.There is much, much more to the book--including the character of Jordan Baker, the significance of Gatsby's surname, and Meyer Wolfsheim--but there is not nearly enough space to discuss this masterpiece of American Literature.Yes, it has been the hallmark of high school English classes, but that should not be it's grave; indeed, it is the foundation of modern literature and the defining moment for an entire generation."
"The length of the book is short, perhaps the writer did it in purpose; however, it's so easy to visualize the entire story through the writer's vivid descriptions. It's way better than watching the filme version."
"The Great Gatsby by F. Scotts Fitzgerald, takes place in the nineteen-twenty’s. The Great Gatsby is narrated by one of the main characters Nick Carraway. Nick tells his perception of the people around him.  This story follows the truth, the riches, the love life and the death of a man named James Gatz. (Later turned Jay Gatsby) During this time women were not thought to be equal to a man. During this time women were finding themselves getting more risqué. The Great Gatsby has a lot of examples of this. Fitzgerald has a vivid understanding of lives that are besmirched by self-indulgence are exceptionally miserable and unsatisfied. This book boils down to the most prevailing character Jay Gatsby, who is polished and world-discontented is nothing more, then a man apprehensive for love. When reading this book take in all the beautiful language. With this language you will be able to paint a depiction of what’s going one in the novel. Mature readers best cherish the language and symbolism in this novel. Readers interested in this book should be able to evaluate situations in the novel and analytically think. When you read this book be sure to keep a dictionary close by. Even though the language is beautiful it is also very challenging. For parents who are interested in purchasing this book for your child please take note, there is some racial and religious predisposition. There are also minimal blaspheming words. I enjoyed this novel and I this purchase is worth every cent."
"The Great Gatsby is the best comparison of East and West behaviors I’ve ever read. All the events in the story were so gritty and dramatic like in the West, but covered up with poise and glamour from the East. It’s not the most heart-wrenching book I ever read, but it’s certainly the most interesting. These five main characters are all so different but so connected and intertwined at the same time, like an unbroken line of understanding. I think my favorite part was how the entire story was narrated from the outside looking in. Nick Caraway is a 29 year old business man who seems very boring but is rather just shy and being boring feels safe for him. He likes his comfort zone. Gatsby however, is outlandish, extravagant, eccentric, and always charming. He has this sense that life should always be dramatic and full of amazement. He loves to live every day like it’s his last, but the sad part is he feels he needs to be wealthy to do that. Lucky for him he is, hence the wildest parties Long Island has ever seen. I like how Nick is the put together one while Gatsby seems most perfect. To me watching these two characters develop was most interesting. They basically went through the same life, just one simple and careful and the other exorbitantly and haphazardly. I compared their mannerisms and ideals, dreams and fears. Nick was the one who needed to explore life, while Gatsby needed something more down to earth. All in all, you’ll never forget a party a Jay Gatsby’s house."
"I read this in high school, which was a very long time ago. It was worth a re-read as an adult. F. Scott Fitzgerald had a wonderful writing style that is not always seen by our popular author of the 21st centry."
"bought for a sibling as a course requirement. she read the required chapters for class, but I found her reading the entire thing. when I read it remember enjoying the great story. It's definitely worth the read."
There is a reason this book is a classic. It is a great first look at symbolism in literature for younger readers - but it can just as easily be enjoyed by older generations! Passionate story that draws you in!
"In my opinion, anyone who doesn't like this book isn't very intelligent or capable of appreciating great literature. One of my favorite books. No one captures human nature and foibles like F. Scott Fitzgerald."
"I am now reading F.Scott Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby for the fifth time.  Each time that I read the work, it yields more gold.  In many ways this novel is a metaphor for a failed American Dream; however, it is only one possible dream.  I am not so cynical(yet) to believe that there is only one dream.  Martin Luther King's dream of service to humanity is certainly a viable one that remains.  Gatsby's only flaw was that he loved his mental projection of Daisy--his ideal woman. But the Daisy he loved and the real life Daisy were as different as night and day.  The real Daisy was shallow,self-centered, and materialistic.  Daisy could not love because Daisy was not really a person.  Instead, she was a one-dimensional imitiation of a human being; her husband Tom is her male counter-part; neither one is a whole person.  Yet, as Nick tells us ""They could always retreat into their money."" In many ways, Gatsby has as much relevance today as it did for the twenties.  In our super-materialistic, name brand society peolpe are brain-washed into pursuing Daisy-dreams of designer clothes, prestige cars and bigger, better houses.  Maybe, Gatsby even has moral and ethical implications: To pursue the empty god of materialism(Daisy) is to choose death.  ""Gatsby turned out alright in the end."" At least, he found a reason to live and a reason to die(even if it was misguided).The Great Gatsby captures the emptiness of an American Dream."
"What a human Gatsby was. Makes mistakes like everybody else but like many people, he can love, he can feel. And Nick, what a way to tell us the story. I liked he was the main narrator, liked his point of view"
"Not much is needed to say about this classic novel, but what is to be noted is how well it comes through on the kindle app. The formatting is perfect and it is a joy to read on an e-reader. Highly recommend."
"A book that is worth reading every few years, in fact I know people who make a point of reading it yearly!  It tells us much about human nature.  It is also interesting to see the 2013 and 1974 movies."
"This novel is a complex drama filled with passion and tragedy. Greed and the lust of power are very dangerous. A reflection of a darkening America, the book is more relevant today than it was in 1925."
"I have to be frankly dogmatic: There is no room for a critical review of Gatsby, unless you are Edmund Wilson himself or at least T.S. Eliot. And try as I might not to wax rhapsodic about this greatest of novels, I am overtaken and undone! I recently saw the theatrical innovation based on ""Gatsby,"" ""Gatz,"" and was struck anew by its transcendent beauty and also by the freshness and fascination of its narrative. The voice of Nick Carroway is a beautiful one, moral, full of world-weary sympathy, and always astutely tuned in to the voices of the grubby characters around him. You hear it and you feel as soon it as begins, and reading it is no less haunting than hearing it aloud on stage. Fitzgerald--and Nick, too--- are unerring in their understanding of Gatsby, Daisy, Tom, Jordan's, all their their sordid badness masquerading as glamor, all their innate incapacity for happiness,their fragility, sadness and their brutality. Finally, I love his clarity about the tragic self-delusion that is America. Fitzgerald may have been glamor-struck himself as a young man but he sees through it as surely as Proust his own snobbery. I wish folk would not teach it as a high school book unless they are true devotees; teaching it at a less than fever-pitch enthusiasm will surely kill off its beauty. And what could be more beautiful than its last few sentences, its only equal Proust's own last sentence in ""Swann's Way""!"
"I proudly join the long list of people here who loved ""The Great Gatsby.""  Indeed, I read it at least once a year, preferably when it's as hot here as it was in East and West Egg during the telling of the tale.  Fitzgerald captures so much of human attitude in his characters and the telling of the story that each reading brings a fresh insight not only to the story, but to its relevancy in the late 20th century.Two particular comments: doesn't it strike you that our current inhabitants of the White House are Daisy and Tom Buchannon?  Easy to be friend with, but they are not friends on whom you can rely.  They use people not deliberately, one suspects, but rather innocently, as Daisy and Tom do.  Though I voted for Bill in primaries and general elections, it's been an interesting revelation to me to see the Buchannons come alive in Whitewater, Paula Jones, personal aides left dangling before committee investigations, and the like.Second comment: this edition is the best I've seen.  I purchased it several years ago and Bruccoli's insight is wonderful.  After reading his discussion of time and Fitzgerald's use of time tables, time of day (both painstakingly accurate and terribly casual), and even how the chapters in the final version never quite made sense, I enjoyed a stronger sense of the mastery of the work. Enough.  Great book, great edition: read it and reap!"
"On the surface, this is a simple novel, not unlike many Romances-with-beauty-and-money. But the magic of the book resides in the depth of the context in which the story unfolds: the restless prosecution of money which characterizes Americans (in general), and which in this case would also buy love. It is a Romantic story in the strict sense of the concept.The novel evolves with agility, elegance, and freshness. Jay Gatsby is a new millionaire who desperately tries to recover his beloved girlfriend of old, now married to a bully and also millionaire man. The narrator is a neighbor of Gatsby, Nick, who is witness to Gatsby's efforts to reconquer Daisy Buchanan. Eventually the lovers reunite, but of course happiness lasts little, and the events unfold, as another reviewer has aptly put it, like a Greek tragedy. Social conventions impose themselves, and finally Realism triumphs over Romanticism. It all happens in the Twenties, when American society rapidly evolved towards the hedonism and materialism that characterizes much of it today. It is undeniably a great novel and it will last not just because it reflects neatly the American character, but because in the end it speaks to any manifestation of human nature. Say: back when you were a young person, and your loved one turned you down, didn't you dream of becoming rich and successful and THEN getting the girl (or boy)? How did it turn out?"
"I read this book many years ago, and wanted to re-read it before seeing the new movie.  I was just as wrapped up in this book the second time as i was the first time.  I still haven't seen the movie."
"The novel Great Gatsby is a classic that everyone should read. At first the thought of reading a book that was placed during the 1920's was dreadful. But once I started to read, I couldn't put it down. Though the ending isn't a Disney-worth one, Fitzgerald did a fabulous job. The book centers around the mysterious character of Jay Gatsby, as his history unfolds before your eyes you come to the conclusion that he may not be the person you think he is. The narrator, Nick Carraway, who is originally from the Midwest, is the neighbor of Gatsby (Gatsby-who throws extravagant parties), and is the person who discoveries the mysteries of Gatsby. Nick has a romance with Jordan who is a corrupt golfer. As you read Jay Gatsby is still in love with a woman from his past, Daisy. Gatsby and Daisy rekindle their love in the book and soon start an affair. The Great Gatsby is a great book for anyone to read. Author, Fitzgerald uses details that make you feel like you have been taken to a different time period. The book will put you in an emotional rollercoaster. You will dream of wanting love like the book, laugh at awkward encounters, and be shocked on nearly every page. You will be immersed with enjoyment, laughter, and sadness. I really loved the way that Fitzgerald developed the characters. I thought that the book was a good quick and easy read that will make a lasting impression in your mind."
"I honestly don't remember reading it in my NY school, only seeing the movie from the 70's. I was reacquainted with it when I saw the recent Leo DiCaprio movie. Had to buy the book and so glad I did."
"The Great Gatsby was recently voted as the second greatest english novel of the twentieth century, right behind Ulysses. And no wonder, The Great Gatsby is vintage America. As a panoramic snapshot of the Jazz-Age, The Great Gatsby provides a crystallized glimpse into the age that bore swing dancing, the end of prohibition and the new exhuberance of an America breaking out of the shell of old world puritanism. With poignancy and simple beauty, The Great Gatsby conveys the timeless story of endless love, and the jealousy that eventually murders it.The Great Gatsby is not simply a reflection of its times -- it is perhaps the greatest love story of the century. It is the story of a man who had everything but love, and gave everything for his love of Daisy -- a Marilyn Monroesque goddess who evokes the raw passions of innocence and beauty.The story is not complex -- nor is particularly innovative. What makes this novel a masterpiece is that Fitzgerald associates all these actions with a particular naivety -- the same naivety seen in Nick to Daisy to Gatsby. It is this unbridled ebullience that typifies the era that gave way to a depression which shackled the nation with fear for years to come. And in its particularly austere style, there arises an unmatched elegance, whose words cannot be matched by those who masquarade behind the incomprehensible jargon of ""knowledge""."
"This intriguing drama filled novel by F. Scott Fitzgerald reveals the concepts of love, wealth, and social class. This novel had my mind in separate places at first because of the confusing text. Fitzgerald’s quality of writing made each page suspenseful and made me dig deeper into the text. This was quite an excellent novel and his writing makes me want to read more and more of his books.The creative text kept me on my toes and made me want to read every single page. The book is narrated from the point of view of Nick Carraway but sometimes changed to the point of view of other characters. The book takes place in the roaring twenties at a time of prosperity and wealth. Because of Gatsby’s immense wealth, the parties he throws every Saturday make the scenes very descriptive. This book demonstrates descriptive qualities of the relevant topics during the twenties that make the time period more interesting. It shows how the people lived, acted, and the societal ways of the community.The Great Gatsby was by far one of the best novels I have read. Although the text was quite confusing in the beginning, I eventually was deeply involved in the later text. There were many mysteries that the reader may have to deeply think about to further understand the text. Overall, it was a great read and I would highly recommend it to anyone who loves great writing and descriptive text"
"The Great Gatsby was one of the best books I have ever read. Its takes place in Long island, New york in the summer of 1922. I really like New York since I have been there many times. This made the book better for me because i can relate to it more. The main character is named Nick Carraway. Nick is a young guy who has moved from minnesota to a district of Long Island called West Egg. West Egg is a very wealthy district. Nicks neighbor is a man named Jay Gatsby. Jay lives in a huge house and has parties ever saturday night. Fitzgerald does a good job of describing East and West Egg. He gives you a clear immage of what is going on and the various types of views. Throughout the book, there is a lot of chaos going on between the diferent couples which makes the story very interesting. I like how Fitzgerald describes Gatsby's house to be very gothic and prodiguous. Throughout the book you learn not only about Gatsby's past, but all the characters secrects.Almost all the characters in this book have or are cheating on the ones that they love.It was tricky to understand completely what was going on durring the book. Nick learns a lot about the people he meets in Long Island. Although most of the things he learns are not good things. Overall i thought this story was exiting and fun to read. Although I found it to be quite confusing at times. I would still recomend this book to all."
"I don't have to justify giving The Great Gatsby 5 stars. It's that good. I'm required by federal law to write at least 20 words, but all you need to know is that this book is pure class and genius."
"The Great Gatsby is a book written for romantics.  It is a prime example of how greed can control and destroy lives.  It is told from Nick Carryway's (Gatsby's neighbor and Daisy's cousin)point of view.  He is more  of a spectator and observer than a part taker; this allows the reader to  get a better understanding of what is taking place.  It starts out slow and  confusing, but once all of the scandals, parties, and affairs begin to take  place there is no way the reader will be able to put it down.  Jay Gatsby  is a poor army man when he falls in love with Daisy, and she is a wealthy  woman that doesn't want to change her way of life when she falls in love  with him.  So she marries Tom Buchanan, a wealthy business man, that can  provide her with the life style she wants; to Daisy money is everything.  Gatsby decides to spend the rest of his life doing anything and everything  to become rich and the kind of man Daisy wants.  Once Gatsby and Daisy's  lives begin to entwine several years later there is nothing to stop  them--at least they think so.  Every character goes through trials and  heatache that cause the reader to get so emotionally involved that he feels  as though he is there being a part of everything taking place.  Everyone  should read this book because it contains mystery, love, death, and  betrayal; all of the concepts that make a novel truely interesting."
"F. Scott Fitzgerald's classic novel, ""The Great Gatsby"", is narrated by the passive Nick Carrraway, who has recently settled into the West Egg section of Long Island, a decidedly less prestigious area than its East Egg counterpart.  He has come to find his way in New York and to make his name known in the bond business. Nick's story, however, is not so much about himself as it is about his new neighbor, the mysterious Jay Gatsby, who lives in a gaudy mansion next door and hosts wild weekly parties to all of New York's upper crust.  When Nick is brought into this fast-paced world, he must reexamine himself and the world he lives in.The novel is a classic examination of what it means to be a success the American Dream.  As secrets unfold about the mythologized Gatsby, we discover that he has reinvented himself into the persona that he is, and that he is a man who is tormented by an idealistic vision of the woman he loves, and his desire to capture that woman for himself.Written in 1922, the novel is both a tragedy and a scathing indictment of the time of decadence that preceded the immediate economic upheaval and crash of 1929.  Although it is situated very much in the context of the 20s and New York, it serves as a timeless story of a man's dream and the sometimes impossibility of those dreams."
"The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald is a fantastic novel of the Jazz age that mostly describes the differences and struggles between various social classes.  After reading this book, I can see the fantastic connection between the original cover art and the conflict of emotions within The Great Gatsby. The title itself connects perfectly with the character of Jay Gatsby; he is truly The Great Gatsby.The story within this modernist novel is the story of Nick Carraway, a young man of the midwest. Carraway moves to New York during the summer of 1922. Nick visits his cousin Daisy Buchanan and her husband Tom. From the visit with them on, Nick's life only becomes more and more chaotic. The layer that covered the infidelity and chaos of those in this book is suddenly peeled back. I really enjoyed the dramatic element of this novel simply because the drama keeps the book riveting. However, the amount of infidelity in this book portrays that perhaps the author could not think of another way to keep things alluring.Fitzgerald is a very eloquent author. His words seem to undulate across the pages as they flow together. I had to read some lines multiple times to truly get the meaning, but I did not mind because in diong that one recieves a deeper connection with the text. All in all, I recommend The Great Gatsby to anyone who enjoys a good dramatic novel."
"I absolutely loved the Great Gatsby. This may be due in part to the fact that the 20's is my favorite time period, but I think its mainly because I love the way Fitzgerald writes. His work is full of gems and wonderfully sad quotes. He successfully reflects the essence of the 'Lost Generation' more than any other author I have read, that 'party-hard' attitude punctuated by melancholy.His characters are rich and successful, but unable to escape the weight of their pasts. They subsist on the American Dream gone wrong, finding happiness only in their fantasy versions of others. The main character, Jay Gatsby, lives for the hope of a relationship with his lost love, Daisy Buchanan, but he finds out that the real person can never live up to the ideal he has set for her.In essence, this novel conveys the melancholy and loss of missed opportunities. Gatsby is unable to accept that he cannot live his life with Daisy the way he once envisioned, so he retreats to a fantasy in which he convinces himself that if he just tries hard enough, he can win Daisy back and make everything right again. But he can't. He is living in a dream world, and when it is shattered, he is unable to really come back to reality again. Basically, the whole book can be summed up by Fitzgerald touching last line, ""So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past."""
"I chose to read this novel prior to seeing the most recent film adaptation. I must say that I enjoyed reading the book thoroughly.  The film, while interesting throughout, left much to be desired."
"Rather intriguing. I enjoyed the author's writing style, however, I did not get as into the plot as I expected. Gatsby was a mysterious character who I still want more of!!!! I would recommend :)"
"The Great Gatsby is a unique work written by the american novelist F.S.Fitzegrald.I found my self,while reading it,living the twenties arestocratic society;Away from feeling sympathy with GATSBY."
"Jay Gatsby pursues the American Dream from his mansion in fashionable West Egg, New York as the Jazz Age unfolds and his dubious business deals follow the dizzy momentum of the Roaring Twenties. Wild parties mark his ascent from poverty to the newly rich in a time of inflated wealth and tinsel values. The shadows touch this storied, glittering world with adultery and greed as the story darkens in an ashen junkyard overseen by a large optician's billboard with omniscient eyes...Hell?...God?Gatsby's young love Daisy is now richly married and lives near the green ship's buoy light on more fashionable East Egg. The green light seems to mesmerize Gatsby with the promise of fulfilled love and legitimate class attainment as he stares at it nightly.The Dream is never realized though as Gatsby gets killed for the sins of one more powerful than he in a case of cruel irony played under the watchful optician in the ashen waste and ending in Gatsby's lonely friendless mansion. Gatsby ends in failed pomp much as the Jazz Age itself died under the dark realities of failed Great Depression capitalism.The film, CITIZEN KANE begins with a man's death and the emptiness of his possessions...a small empty crib tells us of the cryptic ""Rosebud""...with GATSBY it ends with a small notebook and a grateful impoverished father who mourns his son's buried love."
Revisiting an all time classic.  F. Scott Fitzgerald's genius comes through on almost every page as he brings to life the scenes and characters in this unforgettable plot.
"I didn't feel any emotional connection to any of the characters. The narrator, for some weird reason, is a passive observer barely relative to the actual story. I felt that the author had something to say, but failed to do it in a manner that could engage me. I felt that the author was enchanted with his own voice, but failed to enchant me with it.I expected more from the style. There are so many unnecessary flourishes and lyrical cadence. Too much, for my taste. The style overshadows the meaning, and often even obscures it. At times I even wondered if the overelaborate style is here to cover the absence of meaning, like the glitter covering the nothing underneath.I got the strong impression that the characters and plot were thrown into the furnace of preaching and symbolism. The author doesn't care about the characters, and neither do I. I finally felt a spark of emotional connection to the narrator (who's not even the protagonist) in the last chapter, because he finally got a semblance of a purpose which he half-heartedly pursues (trying to get people to visit the funeral). But by that time, it's too late, the story is over. Still, I added an extra star for that."
"Two or three remarkable things about this famous novel:a)The main place of action brings in mind the archetypical scenery of a greek tragedy or a Shakespearian play: two magnificent houses (Gatsby's and Buchanan's), imitating the palaces of two antagonistic kings in a drama, the theater being as well represented by a limited part of earth, a certain i s l a n d. The site encloses the power of a separate, mythic world while it helps Gatsby to shine as a king in every metaphorical meaning of the word. Additionally, it is surrounded by and expanded to the city life (traffic, middle class apartments and dull office blocks) as if this life were originated from and depending on that core, that splendid island kingdom (And not vice versa, which of course is the reality).b) The form described above is given neither to crystallized human pictures from the past nor to some idealized future visions, but to contemporary characters and elements. An author who infuses the air of classic into his own time is really great.c) The book is a masterpiece of the ""show, don't tell"" principle. Almost every single paragraph would support it, yet the most remarkable trick is the author's indirect commenting the basic story (the Gatsby-Daisy affair) by introducing seemingly unrelated episodes with minor characters whose quality, revealed by plain acting, can be used as a comment to the main heroes' attitude. The most admirable of those `secondary"" and seemingly ""unnecessary"" little stories is Jordan's golf- ball old scandal: why is the author bothered to so explicitly inform us of Jordan's having been dishonest at a golf tournament? Why is the narrator, Nick, referring to women's dishonesty in general? And what would be the novel itself without this certain detail, Jordan's golf ball by which she once cheated a game? Probably it would be the same. Except, D a i s y's (and not Jordan's of course) cowardice and dishonesty, which is not at all commented after Gatsby's sacrifice, is the key not only to the plot finale but to almost everything one would discuss about the book. (Notable also that immediately after Nick's reflecting on that rumor about Jordan's cheating,the conversation between the two goes on about her way of d r I v I n g! It seems the author gives us reading directions!). And I did have the final impression that this great novel is primarily neither on ""love"" nor ""the upper class"" and its vanity, but on the enigma of human morality."
I am not impressed with the characters in this book. I don't understand why it's required reading in the high school.
"One of the greatest novels of the twentieth century, The Great Gatsby lays bare the casual recklessness and unthinking cruelty of the privileged rich in the pre-depression, prohibition era of America. Set in the summer of 1922, the book portrays the brittleness of a society still quivering from the aftershocks of WW1 and looking fearfully towards an uncertain future. The hedonism and dazzling decadence of the ""Roaring Twenties"" is exposed as a thin veneer over a society riven by class division, old wealth and new, and showing the first signs of a breakdown in the old social order.The story is set in the fictitious areas of East and West Egg on Long Island. Facing each other across the bay that separates them are two mansions. The house on East Egg is the home of Tom and Daisy Buchanan, both born into wealth and privilege. On the other side lives Jay Gatsby, not just a self-made man, but self-invented. The narrator, Nick Carraway, is cousin to the Buchanans and neighbour to Gatsby, and finds himself rapidly becoming a conduit between them.To claim perfection for a book might be too grandiloquent (though I'm tempted), but I confidently claim that the first chapter of Gatsby is the perfect first chapter. We get to know Nick, restless from the war, running from his comfortable mid-western home to escape the weight of family expectations. But Nick is no country bumpkin - he is assured and confident, sliding effortlessly into New York high society while still retaining some of the clear-sightedness of an outsider looking in. We meet Daisy, beautiful, privileged and outwardly vulnerable; but already we begin to see the hard shell of self-preservation that exists beneath her filmy, gauzy exterior. We are shown Tom, seeking a way to fill his empty life now that his days as a football star are over - through him we see the fraying of the certainties of the established order. And as the chapter closes, we catch our first glimpse of Gatsby, thinking himself unseen, revealing his desire and his vulnerability in one simple gesture. All this in a few beautifully written pages, and with room too to give the reader a feel for the setting of the novel to come, both physical and emotional.Gatsby himself is one of the most unforgettable characters in fiction; a self-made man to whose lavish parties New York society flocks, exploiting his hospitality while gossiping shamelessly about his murky and mysterious background. But Gatsby doesn't care what the world thinks of him - only Daisy, the representation of all of his dreams and aspirations. For Gatsby, Daisy is the American Dream - the beauty, the wealth, the class, the privilege. And it was the odd democratisation of war that had allowed the Gatsbys and Daisys of this world to mingle - the uniform of an officer providing the entrance ticket that Gatsby's own background didn't give. This is a beautiful and poignant love story, but the Daisy that Gatsby loves is the memory of a dream; his pursuit is not so much of Daisy herself as of the time he holds most dear - the time when Daisy and he were in love.Through the contrast of the Buchanans and Gatsby, Fitzgerald blasts away any idea of American society as being equal or even meritocratic and shows that, just as much as in the Old World, there is an aristocracy and upper-class who will defend at any price the privilege that their name and old wealth bestows. Gatsby's name-change, his vagueness and lies about his background are partly to cover up the murky way he came by his wealth, but also to try to invent a background that will make him acceptable to this snobbish and exclusive elite. But he doesn't quite pull it off - his ostentation and stilted use of what he sees as upper-class language give him away at every turn. And yet, despite his shadowy past, despite his occasional vulgarity, Gatsby shows himself to have an integrity and honesty wholly lacked by the society to which he so much wants to belong.The first time I read Gatsby, I was so enthralled that I read it in one glorious sitting, breathless and amazed. It's a short novel, written with a wonderful economy that allows Fitzgerald to cast a laser beam at the divisions of this class-ridden society while still creating some of the most fully-realised characters in fiction, not to mention providing a well-plotted and deeply moving story too. A masterwork of fiction, this is a book I have read many times and expect to read many more with just as much pleasure. A truly great novel."
"I think I first read Gatsby when I was about 18, (the 40s), and don't recall being much impressed. It seemed just to be kind of a period piece. What a difference a lifetime makes! This time around I recognized a lot of people I had not yet encountered, and got a much deeper sense of how subtly individuals can interact. Further, Fitzgerald was describing a lifestyle which was utterly unknown to most of us then; now, with our fixation on celebrity and non-stop entertainment, it has almost become part of our national identity. If you haven't gone back to East Egg recently, do so; F. Scott knew what he was seeing."
"took us back in time, read this book as a high school student, and reread this book to aid my nephew in his homework assignmentI think it's a hard book for kids to understand.it actually showed how much things have changed and how things remain the same. F. Scott Fitzgerald has written some of the most depressing books on life, however he wrote about life which we all know can be very depressing. Not sure if I would recommend this book because it's hard to relate, some kids have a hard time comprehending the lifestyles of the rich and the hangers on they attracted."
Can't beat the classics. This is one that you won't regret reading.  Don't satisfy with just seeing the movie I'd you haven't read it yet.  Give it a go! Yo won't regret it!
A classic!  Couldn't put it down. Many fresh discoveries since I read it last in my college American lit. class.
"I read this book for the first time about 40 years ago and was probably too young to ""get it"" then. After recently watching the Baz Lehman film version (which I loved) I decided to read it again and believe I understood it this time: the sadness of a man who is so full of hope to bring back the past and regain the great love of his life, having spent all his energy trying to achieve this, but not realising that the woman he loves has ""moved on"". The message being you can't bring back the past."
"I read this only because my daughter had read it, and it is coming out in movie form soon.  I can't believe that I not only read something of F. Scott Fitzgerald's, but I thoroughly enjoyed it!"
It is always good to read great literature one more time. The Great Gatsby has an everlasting quality. Its language is still beautiful and its message as true of America today as in the 1920s.
"All I have to say about this book is that it is incredibly heartbreaking, romantic, and beautiful. F. Scott has a way with words like no other and you will want to read it over and over again."
"It was a golden era for some, the 1920s.  And for a privileged few who enjoyed the lavish parties thrown by Jay Gatsby, it was a time of decadence, vibrancy, and texture.But who was Jay Gatsby?  Did anyone know? And how were all these hangers-on connected to him?The Great Gatsby is a story narrated by Nick Carraway, who lived next door to Gatsby in a modest home, and who was a second cousin to Daisy Buchanan, who lived across the water with her husband Tom.  Some would say that Gatsby had purchased his home directly across from theirs for a specific reason.The story spans a short time in that Long Island summer season, with all the frivolity of blissful partying.  But this season would be very different.  Tragedy would conclude it, and the masses would disperse, almost as if none of them had even connected.And Nick would be left to piece together the tattered world left by those same oblivious masses:  especially the careless Buchanans.This was my first read of the novel, although I have seen one movie based on the story.  I am glad I read this, if only to experience firsthand the author's lyrical prose that digs deep and conveys so much about the glittering world populated by these dazzling and superficial characters.  This one definitely is a five star read."
"To me this is literary perfection. It is the only book I know of that is complete: not a word should be cut, or added. It has a palpable mood in which the reader in engulfed: decadence, melancholy, longing, hope, failures, dreams, and an unflinching striving for something purer in a world that wants to drag us into its arrogant and indifferent corruption. Gatsby is THE romantic hero, and Nick the sensitive observer on whom the moral foundation of the book rests. The symbolism is simple and works unobtrusively. I love this book and have read it several times now. It is like a great painting or scene that holds in its smallest details the universal design or chaos if that be the paradox.Reading some of the reviews I find people's opinions varying greatly. Some very intelligent people dislike it, even hate it while others love it, or think it good. The same can be said of not so intelligent people. As Nick puts it: ""I was within and witout, simultaneously enchanted and repelled by the inexaustible variety of life.""Do not be too greatly influenced by reviews or the book's reputation, simply read it and decide for yourself. In the end considering how short the novel is, how accessible, and if nothing else(I personally think it is much more) a literary phenomenon, it is worth reading for anyone interested in novels and literature"
"""The Great Gatsby. A story of a man who dared to live a dream - for a woman who didn't. A story of one great and foolish love that's been squandered by those not capable, those that chose to watch from the outskirts of life, because it's safer that way. Because he, the great Gatsby, lived a dream that threatened to expose their own blank existence by comparison, so they participated in the feast, they tore the juiciest pieces off each dish, only to wipe their greasy fingers on the table cloth, when the party was over, with the words, that """"poor son-of-a-bitch.""""Of course I can only dream to capture what The Great Gatsby is about, but this rang true to me when I closed the book. This voice kept telling me over and over. Don't you dare thinking you can, it said, don't you dare sticking your head out, I will whack you so hard, you'll be sorry. Don't you dare dreaming of style and flair and exuberance, I will yank the carpet from under your feet just so you know where you belong. Don't you dare. But I do. I will read this book many times over, to hear the story anew each time, to learn the beauty of language from those impossibly long sentences that wrapped their ideas around my head in an exquisite silk of thought. The way only Francis Scott Fitzgerald could command them. My hat off to the master."""
"The setting of The Great Gatsby by F.Scott Fitzgerald plays an important role in the development of the novel.  The unique way that Fitzgerald never refers to a specific year or era leaves it up for you to decide when you would like the novel to occur.  Most people assume that the 1920's would be the most likely time period for the book to take place, but it is just as easy to say it took place in 1990.  The way Fitzgerald did this leaves the book for the reader to enjoy as he or she so likes.  Fitzgerald did, however, describe some of the setting.  The West Egg and East Egg are perfect examples of this.  He does not go into great depth to describe the shapes, colors, and proportions of these locations, but rather the characters surrounding them.  During most of the book the characters you follow show you the atmosphere they are in, again leaving it up to the reader to chose how these places look.  Fitzgerald's writing technique leaves it open for the reader to use their imagination more than any other book I have ever read.  Usually when comparing a movie from a book I can think in my mind what I thought was similar and different.  However, this book made it hard for me to disagree or agree with any of the scenes in the movie because Fitzgerald left it so wide open.  Overall I think it was the best way  to do it!"
"Yes, okay, I was drawn to this edition because of the cover.  What a great photo, although I can't quite picture any of the females in this book dressed so sedately--well, maybe Jordan.  Yes, Jordan would wear this outfit.  I also bought this edition because it is just the book--no intro, no preface, no notes, and thank the book gods who watch over us for NO readers club discussion ideas!  Just The Great Gatsby as Fitzgerald wrote it.  So much action in such a short book.And what was so great about the Jazz Age, the Roaring Twenties, getting dressed up and getting drunk?  The first time I read this book, many years ago, I was completely caught off-guard and not expecting the violence so what a shock it was and I remember feeling like I had mistakenly read a few pages of Erskine Caldwell, and even now I feel like re-reading God's Little Acre.  ""Ain't we got fun""?  I don't think so.  I feel like I have been peeking in Gatsby's windows here, and it doesn't look like fun to me.And speaking of Gatsby, the character, just what was so Great about him?  Aha, the catch.  Read the terrific prose and see what you come up with.  I personally had to get a dictionary definition for the word ""facetious"".PS: It must have been very painful for Daisy's daughter, I mean for the Fitzgerald's daughter to read this.  Poor kid."
"This is a great novel.  I really liked reading this.  The narration by Nick Carroway gives the story some distance from Gatsby and the other characters.  His pursuit of Daisy Buchanan ends tragically, with the husband of the accident victim blaming Gatsby for her death.  He then shots Gatsby in his swimming pool.  The writing by Fitzgerald is of a very high quality, and standard.  The character of Gatsby is a bit of an enigma.  He gains wealth in order to try and rekindle his relationship to Daisy, who is married to a thug.  Although the parties at Gatsby's house are glamorous and decadent, the novel is really a warning about the consequences of the love of wealth and status on society.  Daisy will not leave her husband because she does not want to sacrifice her status and access to wealth.  I particularly liked the last 50 pages or so of the novel.  There is a number of passages that contain great writing.  The ending was very sad, but it was in keeping with the story.  I will always remember reading this book for another reason.  Just before I read about Gatsby's death, I heard about someone close to a member of my family, who had been unjustly murdered.  We had seen him only months before.  It obviously made reading about Gatsby's death more painful.  I suppose it is just one of life's coincidences."
"I hadn't read this since high school. It was nice to reread it as an adult. There isn't a lot of substance to it, but there isn't supposed to be. If you enjoy the 20's you'll enjoy this."
"Through ""The Great Gatsby,"" F. Scott Fitzgerald proved that if you only live life for today you won't be able to cope with tomorrow. The book went extremely slow paced in the beginning until I reached 40 pages  from the end of it. Fitzgerald did a great job getting the reader into the  story. He used so much description and image word choice that I kept half  interested. As soon as you get to that one point in the book, it just moves  so fast that you can barely keep track of everything happening even. The  story is a total depiction of the 1920s with the unsuccessful and  unfaithful relationships, the partying that went on constantly, and the  unexpected consequences of living life for today. The characters only did  what they wanted to make that day the best it could be. They never once  thought of what would and/or could have happened to them. They didn't think  there was anything wrong with what they were doing. People living in the  1920s didn't believe anything would go wrong in their society, but just  look what happened. Can you say, ""DEPRESSION?"" Depression is not  exactly the word I would use to describe what happened to Fitzgerald's  characters in ""The Great Gatsby"" after their lives backfired. It  would make more sense to use a word such as ---- suppression!"
"As a retired professor of English writing and literature, I have always loved this book and reread it every couple of years.  This time, having recently again seen the DiCaprio film of The Great Gatsby, and owning the earlier version with Robert Redford and Sam Waterston, I decided to reread it and decide which film is the better treatment of this classic American novel (some would say the best American novel).  Without doubt, the Redford version is better, in part because of the more faithful treatment of Fitzgerald's novel and more use of his exact stunning language, and in part because of Waterston's excellent portrayal of narrator Nick Carraway.  Redford makes the tragic hero glimmer from within as well as with the golden aura of his money, while Mia Farrow is appropriately insipid as Daisy, ""a beautiful little fool"" as she says regarding her daughter's birth.  While I enjoy Luhrmann's films, I think in his version of Gatsby, there is a bit too much Luhrmann and too little F. Scott.  However, read the book, watch both films, and make your own decision!  I also strongly recommend reading Frances Kroll Ring's biography of the last years of F. Scott Fitzgerald's life during which time she was his secretary, Against the Current.  A truly intriguing read from one who was there until the end."
"No matter that this book is supposed to be so great, I can't rate it a five because to me, it just wasn't one. It didn't leave me wanting more. It didn't leave me routing for the characters. Gatsby was in love with a dream, not a flesh-and-blood woman. When he encountered her again later in life after years of having been separated, she was a disappointment, yet one he still couldn't shake loose. They were both shallow creatures. Ironically, he thought he could win her love and keep her if he had enough money and a fine mansion, but none of that mattered in the end. The only likeable character was Nick. To be honest, after hearing so much about how great this book was, it was a short disappointment. I did think the author handled the accident part well in reference to the drivers and how the scene unfolded. The author did a great job of illustrating a pathetic man. The description was well done, but it didn't capture my attention from the first page, and it didn't hold it raptly until the last, but there were some parts where I wanted to keep reading. I realize it was written years ago and in a far different style than today's books, so I rated it a four, but I don't see what was so great about this book that it had the whole world talking. I've read much better ones that left me yearning for more."
"On the pretext of correcting punctuation and other errors by Fitzgerald, Bruccoli actually re-writes parts of the novel for Fitzgerald. He substitutes his own words for Fitzgerald's words. In the scene of Gatsby's death in the swimming pool, where Fitzgerald wrote ""like the leg of transit,"" Bruccoli writes ""Like the leg of a compass."" No asterisk, no footnote to tell us he has re-written Fitzgerald for Fitzgerald.This is so far beyond stupid, so far beyond incompetent, that it boggles the mind. Imagine the first sentence of ULYSSES ""Stately, plumb Buck Mulligan"" changed to ""Stately, obese Buck Mulligan.""Or the first line of The Go-Between by L. P. Hartley, ""The past is a foreign country. They do things differently there."" changed to ""The past is a foreign nation, people do things in a different way there."" Or Rebecca, ""Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again"" changed to ""Last night I had a dream about going to Manderley one of these days.""There are mediocre editors, literal-minded editors, obtuse editors, but Bruccoli is a criminal editor who should have his fingers cut off so he can't butcher any more books."
I first read The Great Gatsby at school and totally failed to realise how beautifully written it is.  I'm so glad I've read it again.  Now I fully appreciate every exquisite word of it.
"This classic tale tells the story of Gatsby, a self-made man and his doomed love for a married woman he'd met prior to her marriage. The narrator is Nick Carraway who lives next door to Gatsby on Long Island and is present for all the major moments in the affairs of his friends.It seemed odd to me that these people wanted Nick to witness their sordid conversations and assignations. The author seems to want to give Nick a romance of his own, but Nick's relationship with Jordan is never fleshed out. The focus is on Gatsby, a person I both disdained of and championed. He is rich and throws huge parties, but the people around him are hangers on who know nothing of him and enjoy spreading rumors about him in his home, while also eating his food and drinking his beverages. He cares nothing for these people and is only having the parties in order to draw his love to him. Sadly, when he needs them, these people do not come and he is alone.This is another classic which I found myself disappointed in. I expect that for books to become classics, there must be something remarkable about them, but I didn't find much to remark on with this book. It was not as difficult to adjust to the cadence and style of writing of this author and this era than other classics I've read."
"Well, the first time I read this book was when I was 13 and trying to fit  into the ""big leagues,"" modeling after my brother who gave me the  book and said I'd hate it because the content would seem all too mundane.  Well, I hated it.  I hated it so much, I would have never recommended  it...Now, I'm 16 and I re-read it three days ago, and I have to say it's  the most wondeful piece of American Literature ever written.  It stands  above and beyond To Kill a Mockingbird (though that is VERY debatable), The  Grapes of Wrath, An American Tragedy, and even Old Man and the Sea.I  would suggest reading the book if you are into a master perception of the  human character, and enjoy stories of rich people and greed and luminous  lifestyles.At times, I wanted to tear the book right in half because I  got into it so much and actually had real emotions, which is something very  few books have allowed me to recieve.  The only two are A Prayer for Owen  Meany and Of Mice and Men...wait...also Lord of the Flies.  But once I  finsihed the book, I thought about it, and realized how damn good it really  is.Read it if you have a good sense of diversified taste.  Now I am  reading some James Joyce and buying Advil by the package...DAMN YOU,  ULYSSES!--It's really a good book."
"I first read this book when I was in my late teens, in either high-school or college.  I didn't get much out of it and was disappointed with the ending. I remembered it being about lost love found again, and hoped that Daisy Buchanan and Jay Gatsby would run off together and live happily ever after. The End!  I just re-read it, and wow, what an absolute masterpiece--a story of the unhealthy obsessive-compulsion of Jay Gatsby, & the selfish immorality of Tom & Daisy Buchanan.  Gatsby was willing do literally ANYTHING to get his lost love Daisy back; and in the end he made the ultimate sacrifice for her. The Buchanans hopefully lived with horrible guilt over the outcome for the rest of their lives--but given their wealth and lack of common decency, THEY probably lived happily ever after.  I admired Nick Carraway for finding his way through the muck & mire and getting out of Dodge with his morality intact sans Jordan Baker who was inextricably linked to the lifestyle of the Buchanans.  F. Scott Fizgerald's outstanding talent with the English language goes without saying.  He kept dropping subtle hints all along, like jewels, about the characters throughout the whole novel, making me linger on the importance of a word, a sentence, or a paragraph.  I'm so very glad I rediscovered him as an adult."
"Ok, first off, The Great Gatsby is a great book that somehow reached me back in high school when I loved it even though I was forced to read it...  That is indeed a rarity, and is why I've read it quite a few times since then..  I even used Monarch/Cliff notes with this book -- for its intended purpose, and not just to get enough information, so I can pass a test...  So the book is great, but you should all know that by now..Tim Robbins' narration is for the most part, beautifully done... His characterization of Nick Carraway is so captivating and I can really get into the story when Nick is speaking..  The only problem is that Mr. Robbins kinda softens his voice where you have to raise the volume...  Which causes some problems when he switches characters - especially to Tom Buchanan, whom Mr Robbins YELLS his lines, causing me to quickly reach for the volume knob in the car...Theres quite a few characters in this book, and I think Mr. Robbins just ran out of voices..  Some of his characterizations, particularly women, are HORRIBLE.  I'll cut him some slack since he's a guy, but if you want to hear the worst stereotypical Long Island (and Southern) female voices, he's nailed it..Don't let this ruin it for you though, his narration otherwise is one of the best I've heard yet..."
F.Scott Fitzgerald is an extraordinary writer. He understood the greatness and weakness of our human character. I would recommend this book to everyone. This is definitely a must read.
"Outstanding!  He can describe in sentences what it take others paragraphs or more to achieve.  I had to read this in High school some 40 years ago.  I had no way to grasp the elements of the story then,  I’m so glad I read it now.  Bully, old sport."
"While a book many have read several times, it always seems fresh. The pursuit of happiness is a true human condition, but sometimes it leads to a large downfall. The lessons to be learned from the book are just as meaningful today as they ever were."
"When I was seventeen and believed I knew things about literature, I wrote a review that both dismissed this book, and talked childishly of how a teacher reading too much into it, and demanding explanations from everything about the book, had made the text boring, and poor.  I deleted that review, and now, six years later, returning to the book, and reading it in one sitting, I have come to an entirely new conclusion.  After literally hundreds of books, from Hemingway to Faulkner, to Joyce and Woolf, to Kerouac and Heller, the poetics of this book, of Fitzgerald's writing, is to be marvelled and enjoyed.The story of Jay Gatsby, told through the eyes of Nick Carraway is a wonderful experience that every American, nay I say, every human being should experience.  This is a text of utter beauty, filled with the poetry of life in it's lines.  It moves us forward into the realization of the failure of the American Dream.  It is a tragedy, it is a romance, it is a story of class, it is the story of an American soul seeking both victory and redemption.  The writing erupts from the page like sparks from sparklers, each page burning with radiant descriptions, powerful imagery, and insight that you wish was constant in the literature of today.The Great Gatsby is a timeless novel, capable of being enjoyed by anyone, black or white, rich or poor, American or European or Asian.  It is a novel that goes beyond that of a moment in history, and becomes a part of the soul.  It captures more than the heart of man, but the heart of life itself.  To recommend this book would be to say that this book needs a recommendation, but, if time and history are not clear indicators of its greatness, than it's opening pages should be."
"This is one of my favorite banned books -- now.  Just like everyone else, I read this book in high school.  Just like everyone else, I didn't get much out of it back then.  I remember ""Blah, blah, blah, Jazz Age"" and ""Blah, blah, blah, symbolism"" and ""Blah, blah, blah, foreshadowing"".  The problem was never with this book; the problem was the way that literature was taught.  If I could have just read the book cover to cover on my own, I would have enjoyed it so much more.  So, when I was in my twenties, I did, and then bought a whole lot more Fitzgerald.The Great Gatsby IS about the Jazz Age.  There is strong symbolism in this book -- the green light. And there is quite a bit of foreshadowing (and foreboding) in this book -- ""the all-seeing eyes"".  But there is also layer upon layer of wonderful in this book.When I first read this book, I wasn't the least bit sympathetic toward Daisy.  Now, almost thirty years later, I do have some sympathy, but it is limited.  When I first read this book, I didn't even really think about the child, much like Gatsby doesn't.  Now, when I have a child, I kept wondering what happened to her.  And that, I think, is the genius of this book and Fitzgerald's writing.Like Jane Austen before him, he is excellent at portraying his times and making his character breathe by having them speak and act in a way that is so very real.  I can relate to this book at different times in my life because I can relate differently to all the characters (and symbolism) at different times in my life.  I'm older now than Daisy, Gatsby, Tom and Nick.  I can stand back and know what will happen before it does happen, and I can change nothing.  I am ""the all-seeing eyes""."
I did not read this book in school like most have. What a wonderful classic. Would have read it a long time ago if I would have known just how good it is! Talk about the loss of innocence and just how cruel people are to get exactly what they want.
"Well.. it took me a few chapters to get into this but once I had a sense of who the narrator was I was able to fully commit myself to his life and what was going on and I absolutely fell in love.What a dramatic story! A tale full of love, loss, regret, fear, and just plain craziness. In short it has all of the emotions of real life all rolled up into one little tale about a man! It’s the telling of this man’s life story from a friend’s perspective and it was so unique, and written so well that I really did not want to put this down.Every character woven so dramatically around each others lives that the reader is left begging for more!The thing about this story is that you can feel the love from Gatsby as he agonizes over Daisy and every movement she makes. More than once my heart ached for him and I was curious and not very optimistic about how this story was going to end. But it was written so beautifully and harmonically that I just could not find myself leaving this story alone. And I know this is going to be one of my favs for years to come.I then immediately watched the movie. And how engrossed I was! The music, the tone, the performances, and add all that to the fact that the speech was nearly perfect to the book. This is one movie that I can say definitively, if you like the book, you’ll love the movie! Although I loved the fact that it was spot on, I also loved the cinematography. It was so graphically done, very reminiscent of The Moulin Rouge with scandalous attire, fabulous music, and wonderful plots! I was not surprised to find that Baz Luhrmann wrote both stories because I could just feel the exoticness in everything that was done, and loved it!"
"Narration made it very dramatic so that I felt like I was living in the time.  I would suggest anyone who had it as ""required"" reading in the 70's to listen to it on audio.....so much was missed back then.  I am now hooked on audio books."
"If a novel can be both ornate and spare, The Great Gatsby is that and more. It is a book history buffs might enjoy as much as those seeking simple entertainment, because Fitzgerald set out to write a story of the times in which he lived--The Roaring Twenties. Accuracy in contemporaneous fiction is challenging, because historical elements were included, such as the World Series debacle of 1919, and everyone's a critic!Fitzgerald sought to make it an extraordinary work, only part of which he accomplished by sketching a larger than life character, Jay Gatsby. Fitzgerald's first novel was published when he was only 24, still wet with a commitment to excellence that is available only to the young--not that more mature souls aren't allowed excellence, but no one has it in his or her own mind as much as those who've been less knocked about by sorrow, misfortune or tedium.""The Authorized Text"" adds to the pleasure of reading, because Bruccoli presents some of Fitzgerald's own words on the novel as well as on writing in general, such as ""An author ought to write for the youth of his generation, the critics of the next, and the schoolmasters of ever afterward."" Two out of three isn't bad. The youth of his generation were too busy living the life Fitzgerald described to be bothered with reading about it.This version also opens a peephole to common paperback publishing by tracing some of the errors that crept into the work over time. Corrections were made by comparing various editions to the galleys, which contained Fitzgerald's hand-written edits and rewrites, some of them notably more difficult to decipher than others, yet vast improvements to an already splendid tale.Finally, two more points stand out from reading this authorized edition. Fitzgerald's editor, Maxwell Perkins (Scribners), absolutely gushed over the manuscript, ""I think the novel is a wonder."" As effusive as Perkins was, he was not totally so. ""You are right in feeling there is a certain slight sagging in chapters six and seven..."" and ""Gatsby is somewhat vague."" Perkins went on for pages about Fitzgerald's treatment of Gatsby and his wealth, simultaneously accusing the author of saying too little and too much. Bruccoli calls Perkins a genius, so his critique may in fact be brilliant. Even so, they're both talking about the greatest book of one of the greatest writers of all time. All writers should take heart. The ONLY THING THAT COUNTS: The Ernest Hemingway/Maxwell Perkins CorrespondenceGatsby was a legend in his time. Only in his own mind? He did, after all, make himself up as Fitzgerald squeezed him out of his pen. And part of the greatness lies somewhere between knowing what is true and what we only wish were so. In Fitzgerald's own words, ""That's the whole burden of this novel--the loss of those illusions that give such color to the world so that you don't care whether things are true or false as long as they partake of the magical glory.""For me, ""the magical glory"" showed itself by racing me to the next page, though I wanted to linger over the words, and then too soon I finished the race, and there was no more Great Gatsby to read. (F. Scott Fitzgerald won.)"
"F. Scott Fitzgerald's classic novel about life in the roaring twenties and the pitfalls that accompanied that mostly carefree time has remained a classic for many years, and will remain for years to come.Told through the eyes of Nick Carraway, this timeless classic focuses on the life of self-made millionaire Jay Gatsby and his pursuit of love and happiness.  Gatsby lives next door to Nick, and it seems that Gatsby's house is always full of people who have come from near and far to get a glimpse or hear a story about him.  Many have formulated their own ideas, but Gatsby has remained mostly a mystery to his guests.  He's frequently torn away at his gatherings to attend to business or to speak with some fellow captain of industry.  Most people never meet him, but they enjoy his lavish gatherings.Gatsby's story really begins five years before the events of the book.  During this time, Jay ment and fell in love with a young lady named Daisy.  However, Gatsby was enlisted in the Army at the time, and he was forced away to fight in World War I.  He distinguished himself in many battles and earned the rank of major, but he longed for a life with Daisy.  Not content to wait for Jay to return, Daisy met and married Tom Buchannan, a bullish and pig-headed man.  Five years later, Gatsby, now a wealthy man, bought his luxurious home which happens to be very near where Daisy lives.Meanwhile, Jay's neighbor Nick Carraway dropped over one evening to one of his parties.  The two meet and soon become friends.  Over the remainder of the book, Nick becomes very close to Jay, and he remains his only true friend.  Events transpire among Gatsby, Nick, Tom, and Daisy that end up changing each of their lives forever.  Some survive; some don't.  In the end, greed, envy, betrayal, and even murder rear their ugly heads.This is an excellent work of contemporary literary fiction.  The reader gets a very real sense of what life was like during the roaring twenties.  The depression had not yet come, so life was good.  This book has remained popular for decades, and has been called F. Scott Fitzgerald's greatest work.  His story of the larger-than-life Gatsby is both exciting and tragic.I recommend this book very highly.  The story is well-written, and the character development is excellent.  I did have a problem with some of Fitzgerald's style of writing, but this in no means detracts from the overall story.  Read this classic work of American fiction and discover what life was like for a group of people during the roaring twenties."
"""He smiled understandingly--much more than understandingly. It was one of those rare smiles with a quality of eternal reassurance in it, that you may come across four or five times in life. It faced--or seemed to face-- the whole external world for an instant and then concentrated on YOU with an irresistible prejudice in your favor. It understood you just as far as you wanted to be understood, believed in you as you would like to believe in yourself, and assured you that it had precisely the impression of you that, at your best, you hoped to convey.""  -The Great Gatsby  F. Scott FitzgeraldHow many times can you, honestly, say that you have seen a smile quite like this? The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald, a well-known classic, is about Nick Carraway's experiences in transitioning from the laid-back life of the Middle West to the more up-beat scene in the East. Mr. Carraway moves into a house in Long Island's West Egg village that neighbors the great mansion of Mr. Jay Gatsby. Gatsby frequently has lavish parties with many wealthy guests, at one of which, the two neighbors meet. Carraway is also welcomed by the Buchanans; Tom, whom he knew from college, and Daisy, his second cousin. This book, set in the 1920s, tells of the lives and affairs of this circle of people, and a small number of others, through the eyes of Nick Carraway. I, personally, wish that there were more people out there that had the good qualities of Gatsby. This makes me feel like my life isn't as messed-up and complicated as others. I also think that reading this classic has helped me to better appreciate my normal (yet abnormal) family, friends, and circumstances. To those who enjoy a good book, I would recommend The Great Gatsby."
"The story was beautifully written but yet is so terribly tragic.  Gatsby's desperate attempt to win Daisy's heart is so terribly vapid.  Gatsby is a man with so little content, but yet so many complexities.  Fitzgerald's  writing style is so brilliant with the description of life on New York's  Long Island.  The shallowness and pure moral emptiness of the characters  resonates throughout the novel. Gatsby dies for his own criminal sins, but  also for the sins of the party goers.  Fitzgerald voyeuristically brings  the reader along on a joyride with Gatsby as his life spirals out of  control.  His murder stops the joyride not only for the party goers but for  the readers as well.  The lack of attendance at his funeral shows that he  had no true friends, but that everybody, excluding the narrator, used  Gatsby only for his money.  The people of Long Island, including Daisy, are  slaves to Mammon and this sickens Fitzgerald to the core.  Fitzgerald  through Gatsby questions American values, but American society in general.  God in Long Island is replaced by advertising bill boards for eye doctors.  The writing style is splendid and the story is captivating yet saddening.  Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby is the greatest novel of the 1920's, and top  five all-time in American literature."
"An all time classic and a great book. This is my top favorite book, I have loved it since high school. This was an easy download to my kindle and I have read it several times already!"
"This novel would be a great addition to your collection of books read. The great Gatsby is written in manner that is relatable to the reader.  The first time I read The Great Gatsby I was in high school. I found it to be a great masterpiece that I couldn't cope with putting down. (I even cried at the end...which never happens). I read It again as I entered college and it blew my mind away. It was pure magic and left me astonished by the language and the bittersweet romance of the hopeful but desperate Jay Gatsby vying for the affection of a married woman but his one and only true love.  It seems like every time I reread this novel, I find another flawless element that always keeps me wanting to read even though I already know what happens.I recommend The Great Gatsby for all high school students because high school is a time in your life that one starts to find true deception in everyday life that can be very relatable while reading this novel. High school is a time where deception is laden and you have to find out who you really are and identify what is fake and what is real. Also, when you re read this this book at a later point in your life, you will find different elements every time that will inspire you to pick up this book many more times throughout your lifetime."
"I was very surprised by how good of a book this was.  It was assigned by my english teacher during my senior year.  Up until this time I never really had any assigned readings i any of my classes.I wasn't thrilled  with the first book we had to read, which was MY ANTONIA.  I found that one  boring and rather uninteresting at times.  I expected the same from GATSBY.  I am happy to say I was wrong to think this book was no good.  It doesn't  seem like anything special.  It has a simple story about a wealthy man who  falls in love with a woman he can't have, told from the point of view of  another character who is friends of them both.Seems boring, eh?  Well,  I don't know how Fitzgereld did it, but he wrote the book in such a way  that it was both easy to read and fun.  Normally even good books like the  HOBBIT and 1984 have moments that you wish could end so you could continue  with the book.  Not this one.  Fitzgereld writes only what we, the reader,  need to know.  Everything seems important and everything makes you want to  continue on.My only complaint would be that very rarely does anything  truly spectacualr happens, which one would normally expect from a classic.  But in the end, it doesn't seem to matter.  It's a good book, plain and  simple."
"I'd like to emphasize that The Great Gatsby is not the best or greatest American Novel, but that it is a perfect one. Contradiction? Not really, because The Great Gatsby completely encapsulates what it is like to be  American, particularly in the 1920s. It perfectly illustrates all the  qualities that people fear and admire in the American people: ambition,  power, privilege. Its flaws don't qualify it as the ""greatest,""  but it is still pretty amazing! A lot of reviewers dissed this novel  because of the ""ordinary"" plot, supposedly reminiscent of a soap  opera. Well, where do you think all those soap operas (and movies, etc.)  got their plots from? For better or worse, Fitzgerald and his  contemporaries recreated the modern novel, just as Shakespeare (another  high school nemesis, I'm sure) recreated theatre. Without Fitzgerald, we  wouldn't have Douglas Coupland, or Jack Kerouac, or a host of other writers  who, directly or indirectly, were influenced by Fitzgerald's clear writing,  time-line crossing, sense of emotion. Granted, many inferior writers (like  the soap opera ones, and by the way, how do you know soap opera plots,  anyway?) have taken Fitzgerald's innovations and created awful versions.  But what can you do? Originals always spawn copies."
"I know I'm probably being a bit of a fuddy duddy by giving this book only 3 stars.  I also know that I probably should have read this book in high school instead of in my mid thirties.But the truth of the matter is...I'm not sure about all the hype.Is it a well-written book?  Sure.Was it possibly a game changer of a piece of fiction when it was written?  I would guess so.But I still can't help but wonder why....I mean, I get it.  Early on in the book I started becoming more and more aware of the decadence in my own life, recognizing how much like the party-goers I really can be.  And as things progressed, I definitely saw a lot of Gatsby in myself.And I recognize the even larger allusions and metaphors placed within the text (although the few I came across when looking up things like an Adams study seem quite forced).But when it comes down to being an amazing novel, it seems to me that this book is much overhyped.It's a fun book, and it's definitely worth the read, even if just for historical purposes.  But it gets lesser points just because of all the people who have told me it was the greatest book ever written.  If it weren't for those folks, I'd probably give it a four."
"It has been a while since I read a book in one sitting.  It has also been a while since I first read ""The Great Gatsby"".  Since then, I read articles and saw movies about F. Scott Fotzgerald and his wife Zelda.  It is hard not to draw some similarities between Fitzgerald's best work and the way his own life ended.  Without going thru the plot, this is all american story about difference between old money and new money.  Not all rich are created equal.  It is also a story of obsessive love that will not let go.  Can a man love so much that getting rich in order to be close to the woman of his dreams can consume his entire life?  How much does it take for a person to understand that one cannot live in the past?  Love story is set in it's moment, time and place.  Once any one of the components is not there, love is not the same or there is none at all left.  And then of course, there is pure love and there is recklessness - way of using people and there emotions as means of reassuring ourselves - with always disasterous outcomes.  This book  talks about all of that in a way that feels like being said in one breath.  Storytelling is so compelling and language so beautiful, you cannot put this book down until you are finished reading it."
"I finally read The Great Gatsby! And in 1 day. I did enjoy the book, particularly the descriptive language. I have a hard time believing that nobody told. I keep going back to that."
"Exactly what I needed, just a little paperback I can highlight and annotate for my English class. It didn't take as long to ship as I expected. It only took about a week and a half."
"The way that Scott Fitzgerald describes each detail in this classic book is always making you urging for more.I love every chapter and if they had Great Gatsby part two, I would cry"
"I really enjoyed reading Fitzgeralds Great Gatsby in class. I'd always heard of it but never actually read it so I'm glad we had to read it in english. The thing I enjoy most in a book is it's description, I like feeling like I'm actually there in the room with a character, and in Gatsby I was able to do just that. I love how detailed he is in describing the different locations they travel to and the people they meet.  I liked how it exposed the corruption and manipulation that comes with the power of money. Well not to say that all people with large amounts of money are corrupt, because Fitzgeralds clearly showed that even Myrtle who was poor and lived in a shabby home can be just the same as the rich and spoiled. It just goes to show that money can make anybody do crazy and dumb things. Like Tom and Daisy for example, they're infinity for excitement lead to the death of three people and yet they were able to back away clean of any remorse because of there status in society. Also there is George who was the most innocent of them all but because of Tom and Daisy's carelessness was driven to become a ""madman""."
"This remarkable book is one of the chief reasons I am such  an avid reader of classic fiction. The reasons for this novel's greatness are unexplainable and somewhat mysterious to me. i.e., I have no idea why I  love it so much, but I do!  With this masterpiece, I believe that  Fitzgerald has captured some unknown and unpracticed form of writing that  is seldom equalled. With a style all his own, he took an ordinary, everyday  setting and plot, with your average ""next door"" characters, and  created something exceeding the extraordinary.  Nick, the narrator, has  a refreshing, honest way of letting the reader know exactly how Gatsby's  story played out, and at the same time bringing us into his own life.  I found myself sympathizing with Gatsby, and his love for Daisy, as I would  with a member of my own family, and even having feelings, not present in  the book, that a man in Gatsby's situation would likely have.  It is  easy to see, however, how one could misunderstand the book, or have a low  opinion of it. There are a number of time-line and grammatical errors, but  if it is read for what it is, it will be a cherished favorite forever."
"I love this story. Fitzgerald, for all his faults, really did unearth a rare and a special feature of the human mind in his study of the fictional Gatsby. The story really has little to do with its narrator, and many of the events are just Fitzgerald's biased metaphor filler. ""But Subaru4Life88"" I hear you say...""the whole book is metaphor"".Sure. I neither agree nor disagree. Haven't given it much thought as the metaphors, if they be there, are too deep for my interest. I'm more taken by his flagrant obsession with Gatsby's fixation on Daisy. He was either writing from self-experience or someone he knew well, but I think Jay Gatsby and Daisy's relationship touches on the human being's fixation with striving for perfection, the best, etc. The whole novel does really.This novel sparks the thoughts that life is really best lived and known in the suffering and striving, not the pleasure we always want to achieve; that an individual can become so wrapped up in someone (or everyone) else that they lose track of who they are; that we cannot look outwards for satisfaction until we comes to terms with what is really missing within."
"A book I first read as a seventeen year old and revisit with religious like regularity, The Great Gatsby is a flawless diamond that never diminishes in quality and wonder. It's long been an academic staple for its multiple dimensions of genius. Like any literary darling, Gatsby gives the high minded, hegemonic, and painfully over-analytical professor types all the symbolism, theme, and structure they can possibly digest. More importantly, however, for us mere mortals of literary appreciation, is the intensity of the story itself. Unlike other stuffy old books of high literature merit, you'll be quickly and irrevocably engrossed. Fitzgerald's effortless writing and rapturous poetic ability is nothing short of breathtaking; one of those books that need to be accompanied by a highlighter. Truly spectactular.""Yet high over the city our line of yellow windows must have contributed their share of human secrecy to the casual watcher in the darkening streets, and I saw him too, looking up and wondering. I was within and without, simultaneously enchanted and repelled by the inexhaustible variety of life."""
"The Great Gatsby is no doubt F. Scott Fitzgerald’s greatest novel and an American classic known by all. This romantic, but cynical novel is about the wealth and lifestyle of New Yorkers during the 1920s, or Jazz Age. It deals with the aspects of class, love, and sorrow. The rich and the poor are shown to be complete opposites. For example, the rich, like Gatsby, are portrayed as vulgar and pretentious, while the poor, like Daisy, are elegant and graceful. I think Fitzgerald makes a great point by showing the rich are not always the best, which is something more people need to realize. Fitzgerald also shows not all love stories turn out perfectly. In the novel, love is not found, only the thought and dream of love is. However, sometimes chasing that dream leads to tragedy. The end of the novel is shocking, leaving the reader to feel much despair. Fitzgerald’s writing is absolutely brilliant and I would recommend The Great Gatsby to anyone. I think it is great that students everywhere are being required to read this book at some point in time. It is the most perfect novel and definitely keeps you on your toes, wanting to keep reading until you finish."
"Saw the movie, really liked it.  This book is beautifully written.  One of my favorite books, although I mostly read non-fiction.  I had to make an exception here."
An all time favorite for the simplifying of the human condition. A story that offers unique appeals throughout a lifetime. A new perspective gained with each read.
"There are few books that I will reread, but this is definitely one of them. I know that I was supposed to read this in high school, but can't remember if I did or not. Regardless, I finally picked up another copy and read it again. There is not much else to say about this timeless American masterpiece. The writing is stunningly good, the symbolism is inspiring, and the characters are sympathetic despite their gross materialism and hollowness. This book resonates as much with our own time period as the Jazz Age that it is set in.On the surface, this is a book that tells the story of a tragic love story. Simmering just below the surface, the novel is a first-class commentary on the hollowness of the pursuit of money and things. Gatsby is at once admirable and pathetic, rich and the poorest of men. Finding purpose beyond the material world is the only thing that can differentiate us and him.If you read this in high school and remember not liking it, try it again. Books that are force fed often taste bad going down no matter how good they are. This is a great book and one that I will read again and again over the years. Highly, Highly Recommended."
"I first read The Great Gatsby in high school and I have picked it up and read it again many times since.My first few repeat readings were for the quality of the writing -- the absolute clarity and economy of the words, and the ""just right"" tone.And I still read The Great Gatsby for the writing, but now with each reading I seem to gain more sympathy for all of the characters -- even the brutish and stupid ones.I finish the story each time feeling that I have lived among those people, smelling their perfume, riding in their cars, dancing at their parties, guessing at their secrets.All these years and all these readings later, I still can't say precisely why Fitzgerald makes me feel this way, but each time I jump back into this wonderfully realized little book I feel as if Nick is beside me on the sofa or across from me at the table, telling me a story I have never heard before.In this day and age when every third or fourth novel is carelessly called a ""masterpiece,"" it is always a pleasure to read Nick's opening words, spoken especially and unambiguously to me, and know what a masterpiece truly is."
"""Till she cry 'Lover, gold-hatted,high- bouncing lover,I must have you!""exerpt from a poem by Thomas park D'Invilliers.This is how F.Scott Fitzgerald decided to begin his most famous novel.  I think that it was an extremely apt quote because it set the entire mood of the Novel.""The Great Gatsby"" is like a rollercoaster ride of decadence, betrayl, love, hate, rich and poor, but most of all extreme amusement and a platter smorgasbord of words that i had forgotten even exist. It is written about an era by a man who who lived in that era which gives it an air of the historical realisim one would not find if it had been written yesterday. It has been researched that Fitzgerald felt much like the narrator of the novel  ""I was within and without, simultaneously enchanted and repelled by the inexhaustible variety of lilfe""Sugary Daisy, wild Myrtle and the shadey charm Jay Gatsby himself fly past you in a swirl of champange bubbles and false promises, all you have to do is hold on until the ride is over and you are left ruffled, dizzy and with the tremendous urge to do it again."
"The jazz age sounds absolutely thrilling! Of course, there is so much more I would love to say, but I would hate to spoil a single minute of it. Download it! It is definitely worth it. Trust me, I've read it twice now and I'd read it all over again if I didn't have a huge stack of other books to finish."
"A classic novel, not so much one you read to love as to understand the time. Each word is chosen with care, The novel itself is short, a very tight read that requires your full attention. People who read the Cliff's Notes are missing out on the beautiful details of this classic of American literature."
I find this to be a great story. I guess what makes it great is his word craft an  the flow of the narrator. Fitzgerald provides a window into a world most people especially when he was writing rarely see. And with his story telling abilities he made  it more then a picture but something tangible.
"This was a truly amazing piece of literature.  It is hard to find someone who can pen a phrase as well as F. Scott Fitzgerald, but I was beyond impressed with this literary masterpiece.  I am sure now that the movie came out, people will be clamoring to read this, they will not be disappointed."
"This book uses a lot of symbolism and allusions, which if you understand them can really enhance your reading experience. this book details the highs and lows of the twenties which Fitzgerald did experience, which is what makes this book sooo good. it's a classic so I definitely recommend it."
"If F. Scott Fitzgerald's estate could get paid a penny for every writing student who has read excepts of The Great Gadsby in books about writing, his estate would be worth a trillion dollars with accrued interest. There are several pennies that I added, but I didn't know where to send them."
"This was a memorable way to ""read"" the F. Scott Fitzgerald classic.  It made a long car ride thoroughly enjoyable for my husband, myself and our 14 year old son.  I highly recommend it!  The superb reading performance by Mr. Scourby made the characters ""come alive"" for every listener."
"I reread this book recently, not having read it for at least ten years, and it held up beautifully.  As haunting as I remembered it, plus several humorous moments - the fake bookcase, for example - that I'd forgotten.  A great, great book.  Read it, and if you've read it, read it again."
"This book came in good condition with minimal wear. This is my first time reading it and I found the language to be dated and sometimes hard to understand. It was a ""dry"" read until i was half the way through; then I did not want to put it down.  Overall, I really liked it!"
"""Isn't it pretty to think so?"" Somehow that sentence captured my attention, and I began to picture young rich Americans from the jazz age.Reading this book at an age,beyond high school, made me re-think American literture and its contribution to intellectualism."
"""The Great Gatsby"" was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald is told from Nick Carraways point of view. Nick lived on Long Island Sound, but he lived in West Egg on the very tip of the egg, only fifty yards from the  Sound. Nick knew only what he would see or was told about Gatsby. The book  is about the changing of hearts for people that have so much money all they  need is someone to love. Money isn't everything because love can over take  money. Gatsby would give up everything for a true love such as Daisy. ""The  Great Gatsby"" is a good novel full of surprises that will make you think  twice about money and love.F. Scott Fitzgerald writes from Nick  Carraway's point of view.  Nick is the narrator and through Nick we find  out about all the other characters and how they become the way they were.  Nick would figure out the other characters and learn about them when  spending the day with them. That way you were able to find out where each  character came from.  All the other characters had different views than  Nick which made him nice to have around for a day because he would look at  issues from a different viewpoint helping them out."
"It's F. Scott Fitzgerald ... and, it's ""The Great Gatsby"" ... and it's ""Great"" !  What else needs to be said ?I have a classic tale concerning this book that dates back to high school (1961).  I ghosted my way through the book but I was totally unaware that ""The Great Gatsby"" is one of God's favorite books !  My punishment for disrespecting 'His' favorite book was my being sentensed to actually LIVE the book !  I met a ""Daisy"", she had a mansion on the bay, she had a long dock with a light on the end of it, and about the only thing that DIDN'T happen was I did NOT wind up floating dead face down in her pool.  I would have but I didn't allow myself to take the blame for some of her crap.  OK ... after all that, I read the book ... and it was great !  Coulda saved myself a hellovalotta trouble and grief if I'd read it back in high school !  My advice?  Read the book.  It's 'great' (like I said). And avoid sexy ladies named ""Daisy"" who have great houses on bays with docks that have lights on them.  Let someone else get shot and wind up face-down in the pool ... I didn't get shot but it was close.  BTW ... this is Sue's husband, not Sue.  I met my wife right after (during the tail-end) of my living-the-book adventure."
"This was an awesome book!  Highly recommend to anyone who is looking fo1r a good read.  Drama, intrigue, mystery, suspense, amazing!Thanks"
"It's a classic for a reason. Very good book, would recommend to everyone. It's an easy book to get into and the writing style is easy to follow, but never boring."
"Criminally, I was never forced to read this in high school or college.  After seeing it on all of the ""Best of"" lists and being told that it was inexcusable to have not finished it already, I took three days and read it.  And it is great.The story itself is intriguing and beautifully-told.  Fitzgerald had a ""pretty"" (for lack of a better word) style of writing -- the way he worded things in this book just read so well.  The story is simple (as it must be in a >200 page novel), but every word is used to great effect.The symbolism is perhaps more what I am left with, however, after reading this novel.  As Nick Carraway (perhaps, the only ""good"" character in the novel) loses his innocence on his 30th birthday, it seemed to be a commentary as to the end of the 1920s -- the end, in many ways, of American innocence.  And Gatsby's tale, the mystery behind his rise, the inevitability of his fall, all shrouded in rich parties and mansions -- they aptly reflect the decedent materialism that often comes with success but leaves one empty and incomplete.The Great Gatsby is a wonderful novel that I highly recommend."
"The Great Gatsby is probably one of the better novels by F. Scott Fitzgerland’s is full of drama, love and a lot of excitement based in the 1920’s. I truly enjoy the descriptive ways that things were explained. It is good for anyone that doesn’t want to read a long book and it has great suspense that can keep you on the edge of your seat. Like much of Fitzgerald's prose, it is neat and well--crafted. Fitzgerald seems to have had a brilliant understanding of lives that are corrupted by greed and incredibly sad and unfulfilled. The novel is a product of its generation--with one of American literature's most powerful characters in the figure of Jay Gatsby, who is urbane and world-weary. Gatsby is really nothing more than a man desperate for love. It is a magnificent novel on every level. Fitzgerald writes about the Jazz Age in language that beautifully evokes music. He writes about a hot day in a way that almost makes you sweat. His characters are well-drawn, and the plot is engaging and fast-paced. Though this novel is possibly best appreciated by college-level readers, advanced high school students will find a lot to enjoy and discuss."
"When I first read some of the reviews that stated that high school students could not appreciate the boor, or that they were not sophisticated readers I laughed.  I remeber reading the book in high school and loving  it, disecting it, reading critical studies and articles on Gatsby. But,  after reading one of the reviews that discussed Tom's racism,  anti-semitism, etc. and failure in chronology I am now inclined to agree  that the book may go beyond some high school students, and in a their zeal  to deconstruct a text before having any of the proper background, maturity  or tools can not appreciate what is one of the finest American works ever  written. The mistakes in chronology are minor and insignificant to the  point and power of Fitzgerald's work.  The racism is a crucial aspect in  Tom's character.  And rather than going on to explain why I suggest that  any high schooler who misses this takes another reviewers suggestion and  try again a few yeras later.  No one has to like this book, but there is a  reason that this may be the ""Great American Novel"" and if you  don't understand that you may need to wait a few years."
"I always wanted to read The Great Gatsby but for some reason or another it always eluded me. Back in college, almost everyone had read this ""great"" masterpiece of literature. I'm glad I finally had the opportunity to sink my teeth into this novel and see once and for all what it was all about.The story was wonderful to read and its subject matter was appealing for the most part. The industrial age must of been a sight to behold. The author does an adequate job of detailing the age and the times of West Egg. Although the lavishness and splendor of the many parties that took place in West Egg were nicely detailed, I found the imagery somewhat sparse and lacking detail at times. The author does a great job of portraying his characters and their morals but for some reason I didn't find this in itself to capture my attention. The story line was so-so in my opinion and could of been better. But in the end, this novel was worth the read. I'm happy I had the opportunity to finally have read this book and eventhough slightly disappointed, say that I experienced what it must of been like living in West Egg during the Golden Age."
"The Great Gatsby is the story told from the view of Nick Carraway, who just moved from Minnesota to New York to learn about the business.  His next door neighbor is a man named Jay Gatsby.  Gatsby is a mysterious man whom Nick meets at the party, which was held at Gatsbyfs residence.  Nick learns that Gatsby has a lover, Daisy, who was married to Tom, and Gatsby asks Nick to help him.  Nick holds a reunion at his house and Daisy sees Gatsby there, beginning their relationship.The story is set in New York and its during the 1920s. The title character, Gatsby is a wealthy man who earns his money through some criminal activities, and he does it only to make Daisy falls in love with him.  He does anything to make Daisy his.  The major problem in this novel is when Tom finds out the relationship between Daisy and Gatsby.  Even though Tom is cheating on his wife, he becomes outraged on Daisy and Gatsby, and it leads to the end of the novel, tragedy.  I recommend this book to those who like money, romance, and who wants to see the life style of the rich! People who like the classic genre would enjoy reading this book."
"Yes, it is a fine book written in Fitzgerald's signature lyrical style, but this is far from the greatest novel of the 20th century as it is often touted to be."
"I love Fitzgerald's view on the lifestyle of the 20's. I read this again in preparation for the newest movie, and I love and hate the characters more this time."
"Fitzgerald's original version, like his prototype Tender is the Night, was big and wordy, called 'Trimalchio', for the man (in Petronius' Satyricon) to whose entertainments everyone wishes to attend, who ""has a clock in his Dining-Room, and on one purpose to let him know how many Minutes of his Life he had lost.""  His editor, Maxwell Perkins, was able to flitch off the fat, leaving the sparse bones and the lush flesh, a spare work of, in Conrad's phrase, ""light, magic suggestiveness"".Gatsby is hard to pin down.  The list of ungrateful guests at the start of chapter four has been compared to the display of naval forces in the Iliad; yet it stays and what's more, it works.  What appears episodic in Gatsby actually serve as the wheels under his yellow limousine, hurtling towards his violent destiny.  Each shedding of his assumed persona combine in an apotheosis of tall poppy syndrome, a decline and fall of a class-conscious Icarus.[NB: the graphic adaptation by Nicki Greenberg, rendering the characters as creatures great and small, but faithfully adhering to the novel, is well worth a look]"
Awesome book. The American Hamlet. The writing style and usage of words is different than today since it was written neraly 90 years ago but still a good read.
It was a good book I guess.  Some parts were pretty boring but other parts were really good!  So read the book if you want!  I was forced to read it at school!
Such a joy to read with his wonderful descriptions and engaging plot. It was fun to revisit this classic as an adult and read it from a whole new perspective.
"Fitzgerald's insight in this book cuts through the blinding American optimism of the time. Though at the time he wrote The Great Gatsby he could not have foreseen the economic and cultural crisis approaching in 1929, he is clearly suspicious and wary of the culture surrounding him, and the tone of this book expresses that he expects evil will come of it. His characters put their faith and their trust in unstable things- wealth, social superiority, commercialism, the power of culture- and their typical american idealism and ambition makes them reach too far for things they don't have, and they end up losing what they did have. Fitzgerald's narrator, Nick Carraway, is ambitious, but is not blinded by the glamour and excess of the society surrounding him. Nick is the only character who is actually grieved by the tragedies which befall the other characters, because he alone values human compassion above society and ambition. From a Christian perspective, this book shows what happens to culture and the individuals who make up that culture when Christian ambition and even basic humanity are sacrificed for social greed."
"This story is timeless because although it takes place during prohibition times back in the 1920s, some of these ideas and sentiments persist today.  This story is about a culture still reeling from the impact of war (WWI in this story particularly).  People are out to pursue enjoyment and entertainment (visceral, fleeting pleasure - All part of human nature so, many of us have been there at one time or another if we can take an honest look). In the end, these are futile attempts to forget about things, grabbing on to something void of value and the right kind of support.  The main character, in this story particularly, is from the new wealthy class.  He throws lavish parties and looks for happiness and meaning in life through relationships that turn out to be shallow and superficial.  There are some good hard lessons in this story, applicable for today too, but if it helps us take a step further and even examine our own lives then we're better off for it. In the end, it's better to be loved for who you are rather than to be highly esteemed for the appearance or perception of what you have.Matthew 6: 19-21"
"I felt, that this book was a very good read. It was somewhat boring throughout the first chapter, but once you move onto the seconod third forth and so on chapter the book starts to become entrancing and I felt that I could not put it down. I wanted to just keep reading to see what drastic effect would occur next to the characters. Fitzgerald, offers a very interesting look into what life was like in the 1920s. He Shows the reader how life was somewhat deteriorating back in the 1920s, what with the love problems and money problems. He shows how people always look back into the past to try to relive everything and have everything that you had when all you had to do was stop living in the past and start living in the present. Stop living on past moments and look at what is right in front of you and what you have. Fitzgerald writes the book with such vivid description of everything and it makes the reader feel like they are there, witnessing everything that is happening. I feel that I could read this book many more times and never get tired of it!"
"This was a pretty good book about the sad and corrupt people of the 1920s.  Don't be bullied by William T. Vogt's review, though, read it for yourself and form your own opinion.  It is easy not to have any sympathy for  the characters because of faults such as greed, brutality, and arrogance.  But it is important that you look beyond those characteristics when  reading.  You must remember this is the 1920s, you must take into  consideration the background of each character and their motivations (every  scene is important), then you will understand them more and perhaps gain a  bit of sympathy if not like for the character.  Even the Great Gatsby  has his faults (don't be fooled by the title).  When reading the story, a  question that you should try to answer is if this is truly a love story or  the story of two people who think their in love (consider motivation and  character).  Another question to ask is why this is titled the Great  Gatsby.  Overall, this is an excellent commentary on 1920s life through  the eyes of Fitzgerald."
"Wow Gatsby spent most of his life focused on getting one girl even when she was not on the market to be gotten. In the end it cost him his life and no one cared. I ask myself why didn't anyone care? They didn't care because they knew he didn't care about them, he didn't build any relationships outside of those that would get him closer to what he wanted ""Daisy"". Even then those relationships weren't strong because the people knew that Gatsby was only using them. How sad to have wasted what could have been a good life on an unattainable relationship and not taken advantage of those around him he could of had relationships with.This book made me stopped and think about what I spend most of my time focused on ""getting"" and how I treat those around me on my journey to getting that thing no matter what it is. Funny how a book will make you appreciate the relationships you have and make you reach out to others to build new ones, so that at the end your life, when ever that is, your life will have mattered to someone and people will notice or even care when your gone!"
"This brief novel about a hopeless, lovesick romantic, the Great Gatsby of the title, is full of all the longing, materialism, craziness, desperation, and need for acceptance you can find in American life and history, what Fitzgerald has narrator Nick Carraway refer to as “spectroscopic gayety”. Its characters have become classic American types: Tom Buchanan the rich Yale football player jerk; his wife Daisy the ultimate trophy wife in her white roadster with her green dock light and a voice full of money; Jordan Baker, the desiring and desirable miscreant golfer; and Nick Carraway the bitter narrator, who had so many advantages, who turned to the unending work of learning the bond trade but who got drawn into the life of Gatsby with devastating consequences for his own worldview, deeply divided though his reaction is to the unfolding tragedy he witnesses. Uniting them all at the endless parties he throws at his Long Island estate is Gatsby whose love is undying, whose idealism is perfect, whose faith in himself is limitless and whose love for Daisy means everything to him. His determination to repeat the past and win back the love of Daisy puts in motion a tragedy even his vast fortune can’t derail. The vision of this novel is deeply moral, but the novel is also poetic in its appreciation for what characterizes American life, its particular beauty and depravity. Add to that the regional theme of Middle Westerners living on the East coast, and the vivid setting of the the wild parties of New York, and what you have is a novel which expresses an attractive though highly critical summation of the American character."
I read this for the first time while on holidays and was lost in the beauty of the words and phrases used.  Many paragraphs just caputured me and made me ready them over.  It makes you realise how beautiful books can transport you.
"This book really highlights the differences in class back in early 1900's.  Amazing how money makes some treat others, without knowing anything about them.  Still the same way of thinking for many today...no matter race or gender."
"Excellent read - the story is fascinating, and promotes intelligent thought about the twisted sides of human nature and the consequences of distorted perception.I highly recommend you read this before seeing the movie!"
"This is justly termed one of the greatest literary works of the twentieth century.  This relatively short novel is a biting commentary on the nature of class distinctions in American society in the early 1900s.  Gatsby, the 'hero,' is an extremely rich man who lives in a mansion and throws extravagant parties.  But he has not always been that way.  Once he was a pauper.Gatsby is in love with Daisy, a married woman who comes from a wealthy family.  Though Gatsby now has money, he has 'new money'--in other words, he has not come from a long line of wealthy individuals.  This, in some ways, makes him inferior, at least in the eyes of Daisy and her husband.  The power of this novel, the lasting appeal it has, lies in Fitzgerald's poignant commentary on American upper-class mentality.Nick, the narrator, comments that the rich are often ""careless people,"" and that they ""smashed up things and creatures and then retreated back to their money...and let other people clean up the mess they made.""  What makes Gatsby great is his driving ambition, his burning desire to penetrate the upper social strata and get the heart of the woman he loves.This novel is very tragic, but Gatsby himself seems to be more of a pathetic hero.  This is one of the things which gives the novel its appeal, and which makes Gatsby 'great'--he can be seen as the underdog clawing and fighting his way to the top, only to realize he isn't welcome there.  Besides being beautifully written, well told, and enjoyable to read, the Great Gatsby has a very important message to convey--sometimes (unfortunately), money IS everything."
"The Great Gatsby is a story that consists of a lot of drama dealing with life, love, and social status. Each characters personalities and behavior is an example of every human beings temptations, flaws, wants, and desires. F. Scott Fitzgerald created the book The Great Gatsby in a way where it symbolizes a typical human being. Each character shows a human flaw, our arrogance, needs, wants, and temptations within life. He describes the steps we use to get there and how we try to be on top to achieve things. Gatsby, Daisy, Tom, Jordan, Myrtle, and George are images of an idealistic American life. The way Daisy and her other family live is full of riches and never a day full of work. At the beginning of the book, Daisy admitted to herself that the things nobles do, like go on picnics, was a rather odd thing. That alone was a big point in the book because she segregated herself from the commoners. That proved that she thinks of herself of being different. Also, Gatsby, Daisy, and Myrtle all ends up having an affair in the book. The affair leads to unfortunate endings and a twisted story line. Overall, the book was great. Not only was it a great read, it had a great plot and the way the book was organized was spectacular. Fitzgerald not only wrote a great story, but he created a book that got in depth with the American society and the way we chase after our dreams. Making us realize that sometimes, no matter where time brings us too we cannot turn back time and live in the past. All that you can do is move on and be who you are, accepting the future and taking grasp of it."
"Forced to read the book in high school, and later as an adult forced to reread the book to prepare for work as a substitute teacher of American Literature, I found that I never liked the book.  Although I loved the short stories by F Scott Fitzgerald, and I loved The Beautiful and the Damned.  His other works are lighter, less poetic and not so tragic.  The dialogue in The Great Gatsby was just too artificial and the many depths of meaning layered among the work allegory, symbolism, etc just too much to take in.  I just didn't want to work that hard as a reader.  I never liked the movie either.If you think you would like F Scott Fitzgerald, as a lighter version of social commentary on the 1920's, which was the time period F Scott Fitzgerald lived in, then read the short stories.  I also enjoyed reading F Scott Fitzgerald self-biography.  It was said that The Great Gatsby was somewhat biographical, and F Scott Fitzgerald was well educated, wealthy, and narcissist just like his character.  Although he later divorced I don't think F Scott Fitzgerald's own love affairs were quite as tragic as his main character.I have written a parody on The Perils of Pauline myself, entitled, Pauline's Perils of Perplexity so I am intensely interested in the classics of American Literature, but The Great Gatsby is just too depressing for me.  But as a work of importance to understand the time period, it is worth reading so I gave it 3 stars.  All I can say is children do your homework and read the book, but you don't have to like it."
"The cheap paper, small font and low contrast push this book below my low quality production threshold.  I do not want a refund because it was my own mistake for buying a sight unseen book on the internet.  It is being recycled."
"This Roaring Twenties novel embodies a profound understanding of human passions and frailties, yet it is written in simple prose so that the reader flies through the story effortlessly. This is one of the great American novels!"
"This was, of course, not the first time I have read this classic - it is probably the fourth.  I have to say that I was not as blown away this time as I have been in the past, but it is still a great book, a classic, a stellar example of the Great American Novel.  It is also a very teachable book, with many interesting points for readers - the glamor, the romance, the wealth, the dreaming and longing for somebody to love.  But what struck me hardest this time was that the book is primarily about loss and illusion and defeat.  Gatsby, as great as he was, did not get what he wanted.  He may have even wanted something that could never have existed for him.  It is a deeply disillusioned book, with a bleak view of romance.  In this story, unlike in Wharton's ""The Age of Innocence"", true romance does stand a chance against the crushing weight of social pressure.  In fact, despite all the romancing that is going on, there does not seem to be much real love between any of the characters, except for Gatsby's obsessive love for Daisy (she responds to the power of his passion and personality, but how does she really feel?), and the camraderie between Gatsby and the narrator.The whole story is as fascinating to me as it ever was.  'Fitzgerald was capable of writing some of the most graceful and beguiling prose that anyone has written.  And the character of Gatsby, that embodiment of American dreaming, that rags to riches guy, that smooth gangster with a naïve and loving heart - he was probably FSF's greatest creation, and one of the greatest creations in American literature."
"It's interesting to notice the one common thread in all of the negative reviews of Gatsby.  They all criticize the ""lack of action"".  It's indicative of the American need for a definite ending, either good has  to win, or evil has to win, and the American reader must always be told  exactly what is happening in clear omniscient narrative.It's the same  with movies.  American movies are so packed with effects and plot, there is  hardly any room for the viewer to make his own assessment of the nature of  the characters.  Notice that foreign/Independent American films concentrate  on the CHARACTERS, whereas Hollywood studio films concentrate on the PLOT  (and usually a few explosions thrown in and some gratuitious sex  too).The beauty of this book, as with Fitzgerald's other works, as with  Faulkner's works, as with Hemingway's works, lies in the development of the  characters... complexity to the point that each reader takes something  slightly different from the book, as each reader has had different  experiences."
"Although The Great Gatsby is thrilling and emotional it can also be a boring book at times. Many parts of the book involve a man named Nick telling a story that a person writes as he tells it. The book was fairly easy to read except for a few challenging words here and there. The book is a classic so the way people spoke when it was written is different than what we speak. The Great Gatsby is a book about a middle aged man named Jay Gatsby. Jay moved to a house next to a man named Nick, because he wanted to be close to a woman named Daisy. Gatsby and Daisy go back to about five years before when they were in love. Gatsby went to the army and then Daisy married someone else. Everything from there involves lots of parties and something so unexpected that i cannot say and that you will have to read yourself. Overall i gave The Great Gatsby a four out of five because it was a really good book that was emotional and a very thrilling read. I did not give it a five because the book can be a little boring. I recommend this book for ages 13 and above. I recommend that you read this great classic."
"The Great Gatsby is a document of an era, like the Rosetta Stone -- an artifact that, all on its own, permits us to decipher the words and meanings of another era. In this case the era is the Jazz Age, a time of promise and excitement, especially for young people intoxicated by its novelties. It's no easy thing to capture a moment like that, but Fitzgerald does it with remarkable fluidity, because his writing skills are simply unparalleled. You can open any page of this great book and revel in the sheer artistry of phrasing, the wit, the precision of description. Since it was published it has continually been enjoyed by generation after generation because it is the perfect snapshot of the moment. For an equivalent in later years, On the Road captures the 50's brilliantly. For contemporary times, the very best I've found is the remarkable Love Songs of the Tone-Deaf, which demonstrates ably that the concerns of the Jazz age -- fast living, young people grabbing the world by the throat and giving it a good shake -- are still with us. Great books from great writers, evoking eras perfectly."
"Off the top, i have to admit that i started this book last summer, found it very dry, and gave up before the end of the first chapter. i have never done this before but at the time i was sure that ""The Great  Gatsby"" was just not the book for me. Then i was asked to read it for  my english class at school, so, i started again still convinced i would  never reach the end. The beginning i found to be quite slow abd the overall  plot never reaching a point of greatness. Even thouhgh this was not my  favourite novel, i found something that i did enjoy. F.Scott Fitzgerald's  style of writing cauhgt my attention on a number of occasions. He used a  great deal of well placed symbolism in forms fo location, colours, the time  period and also names. i am sure that a lot of thought nust have gone into  this book before writing it. Fitzgerald did an excellent job of giving  evreything a significant meaning, but he could have added his ""special  tough"" to the situations throughout. This is a book recommended for  those who enjoy a simple plot and the search for a deeper meaning."
"Personally I can't tell if the 'The Great Gatsby' is about Nick Carraway-- the young man who narrates--, or about Jay Gatsby-- the man who Nick narrates the novel about-- story. Yes, Nick is the narrator and the first character we are aware of, but Nick mostly narrates to us who Jay Gatsby is. It could easily be Nick Carraway's story of new experiences, big cities, love, and a mysterious man whom he met living in Rhode Island. Or it could be Jay Gatsby's story of how hope, money, love, and crime can change a man as narrated by Nick. But either way you decide to take that information, it's still a novel on its own level. Set in the 1920 New York, which is always, fun, Nick unknowing finds people with deeper meanings than expected. 'The Great Gatsby' is a novel that stands time and despite some not understanding the language, it really teaches you something: it’s great to follow your dreams but don't let it ruin you. F. Scott Fitzgerald really put together an outstanding novel with plots that each seem to make you question the motives of the characters.Is it love or is it greed?"
"I pretty much had my mind made up about this book going into it. Having read numerous spoilers over the years (Gatsby is, after all, everywhere) and having just finished two depressingly weary previous novels of Fitzgerald, I was braced for another unredemptive drag through the dust with yet another hoard of hard-drinking, adulterous characters. And, in essence, that's exactly what it is. But there's more to this one than just that. I wasn't more than a chapter in before I could tell this was something different from anything else Fitzgerald had done. It's lighter, less self-indulgent, and as a result a much more piquant and incisive study of character and culture. A large part of its difference is the narrative voice, which is thankfully far away from the Avery and Anthony of his earlier novels. For once, we have a basically decent character objectively observing the crumbling of the immoral rich. It's not a book I would enjoy reading over and over again, but there is a magic here that makes me understand why it is so beloved."
Thought provoking with a high degree of relevance to contemporary times....more impactful when read at a more mature age then when I was in high school.
Thoroughly enjoyed reading this and listening with the whisper sync. Great timeless book. Fitzgerald brings his setting and characters to life vividly.
I haven't read this since high school and gave it a go for something different.  A quick read and I read it a lot differently now that I am a grown up!
A great read. Incredible vocabulary. A story of love lost on a narcissistic lovemad man and the friend he ropes into being the best man at his funeral.
"The Great Gatsby was a true representation of the classic plot twist. I fell in love with the movie when I saw it a few weeks ago, but I was skeptical that I would be disappointed in the comparison between the book and the film. To my surprise, they were both very similar, the film bringing the book to life. What I truly enjoyed about the book was the enchantment of the characters. They weren't necessarily personified as magical characters, but as people who have majestic personalities. The way Gatsby himself is such a hidden being for the first chapter of the book is what really kept me reading and engaged with the text. The ending was a bit of turn around, a downfall for the reader. With the way the author set the story up, the reader tends to lean towards a certain character based upon their opinion. In my case, I leaned more towards Gatsby's point of view, mostly because I loved the way he waited so long for his long-lost love. The book is a fantastic read that will keep you up at night trying to finish each chapter! I'd recommend it to anyone from age 15 and up."
"Yes the first 25 pages is really quite astonishing and it's difficult to continue with your eyes open , it's a classic so i guess you have to make an effort to keep them open if you want the fruits. The description is  through the eyes of a cynical, mysterious and a wierd man which is why it  gives the whole story a different outlook, but that what i enjoyed best,  this book it written so differently from what we're used to read, the man  gatsby, his stories - all taken so cynically by the narrator nick, i love  the way he puts it and then how he ultimately becomes so credible that he  takes everything as it is given by gatsby. Gatsby's lust for money and love  for daisy is icing over the cake, the end's just a little sad but that  makes the book a classic.  I think it's a must for the lovers of  classics and to those who want to write in future, it's a piece of the  finest writings i've read. If you're looking for a plot or continuous  reading i would not suggest the book.This book is a masterpiece when  it's writing and chharacterisation is concerned."
"It's also a love story, of sorts, the narrative of Gatsby's quixotic passion for Daisy Buchanan. The pair meet five years before the novel begins, when Daisy is a legendary young Louisville beauty and Gatsby an impoverished officer. They fall in love, but while Gatsby serves overseas, Daisy marries the brutal, bullying, but extremely rich Tom Buchanan. After the war, Gatsby devotes himself blindly to the pursuit of wealth by whatever means--and to the pursuit of Daisy, which amounts to the same thing. ""Her voice is full of money,"" Gatsby says admiringly, in one of the novel's more famous descriptions. His millions made, Gatsby buys a mansion across Long Island Sound from Daisy's patrician East Egg address, throws lavish parties, and waits for her to appear. When she does, events unfold with all the tragic inevitability of a Greek drama, with detached, cynical neighbor Nick Carraway acting as chorus throughout. Spare, elegantly plotted, and written in crystalline prose, The Great Gatsby is as perfectly satisfying as the best kind of poem. A wonderful summer read."
His skill of creating images with words is amazing. His tragically flawed characters are unforgettable.  The kind of novel you can easily read again.
"After living abroad in the Middle East for a year and traveling through more than twenty-five countries, I recently re-read The Great Gatsby, seeking the familiarity of America.  The Great Gatsby captures what is different about Americans and the American experience.  At its most basic, America represents endless striving for greatness.  Whether in business, science, athletics or world affairs, Americans imagine and seek the best.  Though we often stumble and fall short; though we often cut corners to achieve our dreams - striving for greatness is the essence of America.  In Gatsby, we feel what it is like to want something so badly, to succeed in reaching it and to ultimately fail.  How many of us have not shared these experiences in some way or another?  American writings today, such as David Ebershoff's Pasadena (2002) and Scott Gaille's The Law Review (2002), continue to explore Gatsby's central theme of obsession with greatness.  In this time of global uncertainty, we can get back in touch with what it means to be an American by reading such books."
"After living abroad in the Middle East for a year and traveling through more than twenty-five countries, I recently re-read The Great Gatsby, seeking the familiarity of America.  The Great Gatsby captures what is different about Americans and the American experience.  At its most basic, America represents endless striving for greatness.  Whether in business, science, athletics or world affairs, Americans imagine and seek the best.  Though we often stumble and fall short; though we often cut corners to achieve our dreams - striving for greatness is the essence of America.  In Gatsby, we feel what it is like to want something so badly, to succeed in reaching it and to ultimately fail.  How many of us have not shared these experiences in some way or another?  American writings today, such as David Ebershoff's Pasadena (2002) and Scott Gaille's The Law Review (2002), continue to explore Gatsby's central theme of obsession with greatness.  In this time of global uncertainty, we can get back in touch with what it means to be an American by reading such books."
"The Great Gatsby is a novel written in the 1920s about the American Dream.  The characters are striving for wealth and popularity and there are several conflicts on the way.  The Great Gatsby is told in first person by a man named Nick, who just moved to New York for a more extravagant lifestyle.  Jay Gatsby, Nick's mysterious neighbor throws lavish parties where only the wealthy residents are invited.  Nick attends these parties and becomes close to Gatsby and learns many of his secrets. Many love triangles form due to extra-marital affairs which adds to the development of the plot.  An old relationship is rekindled between Gatsby and Daisy, but Daisy has a husband.  Daisy is ultimately faced with the decision to choose between her long lost love or her husband. By reading this novel, the reader gains an understanding as to what life was like in the 1920s.  The Great Gatsby is a thrilling novel where you are constantly turning the pages to find out what happens next."
"The story is compelling on all levels, and the writing is never self-indulgent.  Every word is written in service to the characters and their story."
"This book is simply a mysteriously juicy story of a love triangle gone horrifically wrong. And the tale of Gatsby, you'll find out,has an ugly past."
"The only great novel published after An American Tragedy and before Gone With The Wind, The Great Gatsby tells not only the story of the fictional and dangerously deluded Jay Gatsby, but serves as the perfect metaphor for the parallel story of America itself. We were/still are a country so consumed with the acquisition of wealth that is has virtually destroyed the soul of the country. The Yale-educated F. Scott Fitzgerald (a cousin of Francis Scott Key, who wrote the Star Spangled Banner in 1812) wrote the best novel about America in what has been described as the American century, yet the novel also proved eerily prophetic on several counts: it hinted at the destructive forces of the capitalist system, pre-dating the disastrous 1929 Wall Street crash that would bring about the Great Depression and World War II; there are descriptive quotations that mirror the racism and anti-semitism of the roaring twenties, and there is the constant clash of the establishment vs. the nuveaux riche, the class warfare of which Fitzgerald was a personal witness."
I hope I understand the movie more than I did the book!  No more great books of literature for me..back to my trashy novels and feel good stories!!
"A classic. Read for the first time in high school for summer reading during a very memorable summer and revisited in 2013 because of my enjoyment of Baz Lurhman's new treatment. Ironically re-reading the book takes me back to a better day, that summer in high school when, like Gatsby, so many of my dreams seemed so easily grasped, within reach and just a formality. Now as I read the book and examine all of the failures that contributed to the forgotten and broken dreams that now place me in a life I enjoy (my children and parents at least) but never envisioned or would have accepted as my future. I too wish, like Gatsby, I could just go back to the start, go back to the past. If I could just get there everything would be all right and I could re-create those dreams and re-shape my life based on that time of overwhelming hope. I shed a tear when I read the book 20 years ago, shed a tear in the movie theater and shed a tear when I re-read it.... For Gatsby and for myself. Thank you Mr Fitzgerald for what is truly a classic study of life."
"I know this will be lost in the thousands of reviews already written for this book, but it is honestly one of the best I have ever read.Why can I say this with so much confidence?Because I wrote a term paper involving critiques from the historical, feminist, and more lenses on it, with weeks of research (by choice -- we got to choose the book). So trust me, if you haven't read this book, do yourself a favor and buy it. I'm a big library person, and this is one of the only books I actually own.The characters, the imagery, and everything contribute to this being a classic. It's not just a book about partying or rich people, although first read, it may appear to be -- it's about the human condition. It's about our lives. It's about love and growth. It's about us.I like how this edition looks, too. Very simple cover, and very light to carry around, which I had to do a lot. It's really a quick read, if you're not analyzing every sentence, but it's a book that will leave you feeling satisfied."
"This book is a true masterpiece with a wonderful plot and incredible artistry of language which opens up the roaring 20s era in all its glory. This is not only a love story of the rich Jay Gatsby and the glorious Daisy Buchanan, this is the epitomy of all which that time period stands for. Fitzgerald paints an era where money and status were the true faces of the American society and people were defined by their glamourous houses, expensive clothes, and lavish habits. It was the era of the parties lasting until dawn, the era of nightlife and gossip. But it was also a very unsteady era where that green light which could bring you up to the top of the mountain could just as well make you fall from grace. Nevertheless, one finds himself hoping that ""one fine morning...""I was never forced to read the Great Gatsby in school but reading it now I know instantly that this will be one of my favorites and I will read it many more times because one time is not enough to understand all of its levels and fully appreciate this masterpiece."
"The Great Gatsby is a book full of ironies. Gatsby was great because he was pure in his pursuit of love, yet as the tragedy unfolds, he had to pay for his ""greatness."" Fitzgerald cleverly depicted a whole range of characters who are your typical everyday people with slightly accelerated and dramatic events happening around them. After all the book is set in the Roaring 20's.Gatsby himself was the touchstone character. He provided the contrast to all the characters around him. As one party scene in the book presented, most people were phonies - yet, Gatsby remained uncontaminated. He pursued love. And his failure was Fitzgerald's condemn of the world in which the Roaring 20's was, or rather how it always is.When reading this book, you see the society, you see your own life, and you'll see the fireworks produced by the deft writing that only Fitzgerald brings. It has something for everyone. And you'll see your bit of world, though less glamorous, perhaps, is no less colorful than the one painted by the author."
"In all these years, I'd never read this great classic. Now I have and am eager to see the movie.There are four things I want from a novel and this has all of them:- Richly developed characters, honestly portrayed with flaws, people we end up interested in, if not caring about. All the characters here are colorful, glamorous -- and shallow and flawed.- Great writing that mostly is invisible, like background music, swelling occasionally to the point where it's noticed as a pleasant surprise. F. Scott is a master at this, with a constant bed of unusual, rich phrasing and images like no one else's.- An engaging story.- A theme -- a takeaway that triggers thought for a days and weeks afterward. I see myself in these broken characters -- how I have treated wealth and being accepted, the lengths we go to find love and when that's missing, to find a level of acceptance that suffices for love.Overall, a must-read. (And it's not very long. Could read in a weekend.)"
The most beautifully composed sentences that I have ever read. Fitzgerald's writing actively immerses the reader in every setting. Just read it.
"Not much to say! I read this book in high school and purchased it TWICE to relive the majestic and sadness of the beautifully, reclusive Gatsby."
"Since any attempt to offer fresh insights into this classic novel of the Jazz Age would be futile, I can only propose another way to appreciate the reading experience. That's by viewing the most recent Gatsby movie first. After seeing it and marveling at the way the excesses of the 20's were portrayed, I decided to reread the book. The combination of the two experiences were mutually reinforcing. It turns out that the movie follows the plot of the book quite accurately. In fact, many of the famous lines from the book are included in the movie. Because of that precise tracking, it was possible to focus on and appreciate more the amazing writing. No need to strain to follow the plot.  Conversely, scenes in the book are made more vivid by visualizing scenes from  the movie. For example, the movie does a fabulous job of depicting a wild party at Gatsby's mansion. Also, the casting of the actors is consistent with their role in the book.So, see the movie and then read or reread the book. Not the other way around."
"I can only attempt to redeem the view many earlier readers on this board  held of The Great Gatsby.  This book is a classic and has been so well  loved for so long by most types of people because it's so very easy to  read.  Fitzgerald has quite a lucid prose style; he's not a minimalist like  his friend Hemingway but he keeps his writing concise.  Gatsby can be read  very easily by the skilled reader; I'm fifteen years old- I read the book  first when I was fourteen- and have read the book five times since then,  sometimes in a matter of hours.  If you want to read a book that's hard to  get through, pick up D. H. Lawrence and Kafka (who are both masters of  writing in their own right).  It kind of makes me sad to see how illiterate  many of my peers are-  I'm not sure if it's our generation or just the  adolescent's innate desire to COMPLAIN constantly.  But Gatsby is a work of  art because of the way Fitzgerald turns the lives of these shallow people  into an art form that flows easily into the reader's subconsious."
"An entertaining read. Good use of English. Writing style imaginative. A story of an obsession that leads to an inevitable, tragic conclusion."
"Wonderfully enchanting. Definitely illustrates the parallels of love and especially money. TRAGICALLY beautiful , although, it was a bit slow"
"I have been dying for a good piece of literature. I wanted to read something classic, but not dry. The Great Gatsby totally fufills that! Now, I'm basically going to do a character study so, enjoy!SPOILERS AHEADJay GatsbyGatsby is such a bloody multi-faceted character. He was in love with Daisy for years, and never truly gave up hope that she would one day return to him. He did eveything he could to make it possible for them to be together. He was so blissfully happy when his wish finally came true, that he knew deep inside Daisy would get back with Tom, but he was afraid to admit it.Daisy BuchananDaisy is, first and foremost, an airhead. I do not like her at all , but I pity her deeply. All she truly wants is to be loved. She knows Tom doesn't care about her, so, when she realizes Gatsby still loves her, she reaches out to him.The Great Gatsby is by far my favorite book. I would reccomend it to everyone.AimeeAge 13"
"I was fourteen years old when I first read this book and I loved it.A few weeks ago when I was feeling down and depressed I read it again and for some odd reason I hated it. I suppose it was the way I was feeling but  right afterwards i wrote a very negative review for this book which I would  now like to take back. A few days ago i decided to read the book once again  because I was wondering why I had been so bored and depressed by that  second reading. I read it again and was soon  discovering my original  enjoyment of the story. I suppose it was just typical teenage moodiness. It  is a great story, and I especially like the descriptive bits, like where it  describes Daisy and the tennis player(I cant remember her name at this  second) as floating in white dresses on the coach. Gatsbys parties and the  drunken party at Toms mistress's house are wonderful. The characters are  very true to life and I loved the mysteriousness of Gatsby. This is a very  sad but good book and I fully recommend it."
Second time reading this book. Amazing as ever love the depth the symbolism. The story line is so rich & the story is so eloquently written.
The descriptions are lyrical.  Fitzgerald paints with words and wastes none.  Just a few deft strokes and the reader sees what he describes.
"I recently re-read this ostensible ""classic."" The book is simply a seamy melodrama interspersed with passages of self-consciously ""poetic"" purple prose. (Some of it works, some is embarrassingly bad.) The effete narrator's feckless, anomic sensibility is difficult to endure throughout the first half of the novel and then degenerates into complete despicability by the maddening moral passivity he displays as the second half plays out. He's privy to concealed instances of first manslaughter and then murder (of his supposed friend, the eponymous hero) by the rich principals and does absolutely nothing about it. I sense that the book is a ""classic"" only because American academicians - desperate to get some modern WASP into the canon - have conned themselves and generations of gullible students into making an imagined literary mountain out of this shabby, morally-stunted molehill. Oh - and don't let me forget the occasional (admittedly faint) whiffs of anti-Semitism..."
"The Great Gatsby's deceptively ephemeral story is not so much the deserved masterpiece of one of our most gifted writers as it is the stunning illusion of a great magician. In that, it is a literary portal that allows  us to peer into the narrow lives of a small band of the bored and  privileged. It is both a metaphor of its age and an uncanny prognostication  of our current malaise. So where's the magic? When one steps back from the  book, there's no plot, the characters are rather bland, they don't do  anything particularly interesting, and what they do accomplish in the very  short timespan we spend with them is so trivial or mean that we are left  wondering why we enjoyed the book so much. The answer lies in the fact that  magic is never about the rabbit; rather, it is about the empty hat.  Fitzgerald The Great's magic wand is the English language, his scarf the  shadows cast by limelight, and we, his vaudville audience in our straw hats  and bowlers, are mesmerized by his amazing show."
"Ernest Hemingway, who had a lifelong love-hate relationship with F. Scott Fitzgerald once described Scott's talent as ""perfect and delicate as the wings of a butterfly."" Yes, and that is what the lucky readers get  in The Great Gatsby:that wonderful, exhilerating, lyrical delicacy shadowed  by tragedy. I keep re-reading this book. It contains four or five of my  favorite scenes in all literature: the scene of Daisy on the couch in the  cottage with the breeze billowing her dress; the car accident at the party  when we glimpse this dancing shoe emerging from the car; the great passage  about ""those thrilling, returning trains of my youth"" and the  scene where they're getting drunk in the hotel. There has never been a  better, more subtly written drunk scene. Many have called Gatsby the best  American novel of the century. It's not hard to see why. It's got  everything in it. And it still stands, fresher than ever, as the great sad  story of the American Dream gone sour."
"The thing that this book brings out more than anything is the idea that the rich gained their power and notoriety through some type of moral superiority.  That is completely trashed in this book.First of all, Tom Buchannan is the most unctuous character in this book, if not all literature.  He is the picture of the eastern establishment rich kid who had everything given to him.  And he is a leach to his wife and skulks around with Myrtle.Daisy and Gatsby are also pathetic characters.  The thrust of the novel is also important in that it brings to light the fact that money and vast riches cannot bring happiness.  We still see that today.  The 1920s and the Jazz Age were the beginning of the era of conspicuous consumption and while Gatsby throws weekend long parties, he almost never partakes in them, and he is rather quite miserable.The ending of the book, not to give spoilers, demonstrates the conceit of the era.  A seminal work of American Fiction."
"OK, who am I to review a great American classic?  Well, we never read it in high school.  Back in the 60s, this was considered as far too racy for us to read in a small Texas town.  And, I just never got around to reading it.  With the movie coming out, I decided to read it before I saw the movie.  [By the way, I loved this version of the movie.  And, I'm glad I read the book first, it really explained the movie.]  Having read some of the lead reviews, I agree that reading it at the age of 64 is totally different from someone reading it at the age of 16.  Then, I would have loved to have seen Daisy and Gatsby fall in love and live happily ever after.  Today, I can clearly see that everyone in the book, with the exception of the narrator, is totally self-centered, and cares about no one else.  There is an amazing feeling of sadness that surrounds everyone and everything.  Set in the current time, the 1920s, it is also easy to see how it is comparible to today's America.  Behind the glitz and glammer, there is nothing."
"The Great Gatsby was one of the books that I read in high school that I have been meaning to re-read, in an attempt to see whether it would mean more to me when I was older, than it did when I was young and easily bored.In my mind the book is still OK.  I agree that it shows countless flaws in the the character's pursuit of the American dream.  I'm not sure which errors in judgement were more pronounced in this story - trying to solve problems and win love through money, or the acts of infidelity themselves.I was left wondering what I would have thought if I had been in the position of the narrator Nick Carraway.  It seemed as if he moved to West Egg only to find himself in the middle of the affairs of Daisy and Tom Buchanan and then unexpectedly he became the confidant of J. Gatsby.  How strange it would have been to be expecting to start a new career and life, and to be caught up in so much drama.In all, I enjoyed the story and I am glad that I took the opportunity read this classic again."
"I truly in every way have no idea what more can be said about Fitzgerald's classic The Great Gatsby.  Due to the new film that came out, I downloaded it on the Kindle Fire to re-read it, having not done so since middle school (in my mid 30s now).  I remember enjoying it as a child and loving what the instructor would point out, but now, decades later, so much more is to be found within.  While a fairly short novel, the amount of depth to each character is almost profound as one moment you like one and a few pages later you have a different view of them.  Flash forward and you think something again entirely different.  Without spoiling anything, what it says about the past, the future, money, wealth, love, loss, the 'American dream,' rich and poor, black and white, and countless other topics is awe inspiring.  As I said, nothing I wrote is anymore than what anyone else has written about it over the past near 100 years, but if you have yet to read it or if it has been awhile, do yourself a favor and dive into it."
"This was my first time reading ""The Great Gatsby"" and it certainly won't be my last! The book is beautifully written and the author writes in a powerfully evocative way. Fitzgerald sets up a scene with such skill that I truly felt I was part of the story.The Great Gatsby is set in the 1920s American Jazz era. It is narrated by Nick Carraway, Gatsby's neighbour and trusted confidante. The story follows Nick as he embarks on a new life in New York. Slowly, but surely Nick gets to know his neighbour; the flamboyant, ridiculously wealthy Jay Gatsby who is madly in love with Daisy Buchanan. The love story between Gatsby and Daisy Buchanan perfectly portrays the infatuation and obsession of first love.Fitzgerald's beautiful writing and incredible character descriptions immediately drew me into the story while the plot kept me glued to every page. It was such a pleasure to read a book that is so well written and I agree that it certainly deserves its high praise and accolades as ""the great American novel."""
"I found this both charming and terribly sad.Fitzgerald's elegant craftsmanship with attention to detail using such economy of words was extraordinary. It was such a delight to drift off into another time as he captured the soul of Gatsby's world in the 20s. It was an interesting use of the 1st person as Nick Carraway narrated the story.But there was such sadness with the apparent meaningless of these characters lives. All fluff and bubble without any soul. I found I felt sorry for Gatsby, unlucky in love and seemingly wealthy from dubious commercial activities that never got fully explained. Daisy, I felt nothing for, as she came across as the most callous selfish individual, blessed with beauty and good upbringing.I can understand why the novel is held in such esteem by the literary world. In less than 200 pages, Fitzgerald was able to describe the folly of the hedonistic life that has even greatest prevalence today, making the novel very relatable to a modern readership."
"I am not of the generation that had to read Gatsby at High School...My first time was at University in an American Lit class.At the time, I really didn't see what all the fuss was about. I couldn't relate to the characters and I think I was too young to get why on earth someone could be so obsessed about a pretty vacuous person like Daisy.Many years later, having been obsessed and obsessed about myself and after watching Baz Luhrman's version of the Great Gatzby, I developed an understanding of what I think Fitzgerald was saying in this novel. I was inspired by the movie to have another read. I am about 3/4's of the way through [I'm pretty sure about what happens in the end]- and am enthralled with the prose and the story. And of course, I have the vision to go along with the words.If you want a well constructed, thoughtful story about class and money and the excesses of life- then pick it up and have a read. You won't be disappointed. It is a rich experience [excuse the pun]."
"F.Scott Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby is a story about self-made millionaire Jay Gatsby, who uses his vast wealth to buy his way into Long Island society.He provides parties  Most of all, Gatsby wants to win back the love of socialite Daisy Buchanan,now married to Tom Buchanan,who comes from a rich family. Calmly observing the passing parade is Nick Carraway, Gatsby's best friend,who acts as the narrator of the story.Fitzgerald's novel provides the reader a view about the decadence of a person brought about by materialism and the so-called American Dream.It obviously provides us a great view of the Roaring Twenties when this novel was written.Added to that,it also examines themes about love,betrayal,starting all over again and the recklessness of youth.No wonder it is a great read that many would surely enjoy and many Americans could relate to.If Jay Gatsby were alive today,he would have probably said ""This is a classic novel,Old Sport!!!"" when asked about it after reading the novel."
"Rich man Jay Gatsby has everything he could possible want, money beyond imagination, a waterfront house on long island sound, and parties at his mansion day and night. The one thing his life is missing is the one thing that he desires most-Daisy Buchanan. Fitzgerald's Great Gatsby tells the story of greedy upper class people who have only desire to get more and further distance themselves from the lower class. Jay Gatsby throws all his extravigant parties but has only one goal in mind-attracting Daisy. Her husband Tom is already wrapped up in an affair with low-life Myrtle. The Rich folks' treatment of each other and disregard for others is at the center of Fitgerald's novel. Other themes to look for are his use of weather to set the mood of the scenes, use of colors(especially yellow and green) to foreshadow upcoming events, and the disparity between the upper and lower class. I recommend this book to all young and old, as it is a classic read that everyone should experience at one point in their life."
"The Great Gatsby is indeed a great book. Great books and authors are much like children, each one is both different and special, with different flaws and strenghs. To truly appreciate the unique beauty of Gatsby, you have to look in the right place.  The tone of Gatsby is that of a man who is filled with a longing for a woman and a dream that he is driven to pursue. Gatsby is torn by his knowlege of the transparency of his illusive dream and his his obsessive need to conquer it. I do not admire chasing illusive dreams,I admire the courage to dream and the incredible drive it takes to chase the dream -- the power of his spirit and the courage that he shows when he holds nothing back in his quest, risking everything. It takes a brave hearted man to soar to remarkable heights only to crash to the ground, when the common man hugs the ground instead. We admire them when they soar and we admire them when they fall and manage to get up again.Great story, great writing, great book."
"Excellent read, now that I'm 46 and not forced by school to read it, and historically important. A slice of time that we will not experience."
"If you haven't spent time with this classic, or if the last time was in high school English class, buy this. It's quick and well worth it."
"What more can be said about this extraordinary work?  It truly has everything--the universal American themes of success and money, finely drawn characters, perhaps the most doomed love story ever written, and finally, a bitterly tragic ending.I first read this book over 30 years ago at a time when I was first discovering Fitzgerald's genius.  However, I have since found myself coming back to it again and again.  The mood Fitzgerald's words generate is like nothing else I've ever experienced in literature, with the possible exception of the writings of Isak Dinesen.In ""Gatsby"", a sense of impending doom seems to loom over the entire story.  Here you have a hero whose only goal in life is winning the love of a boundlessly shallow and self-centered woman who can never be worthy of his affections.  Daisy's persona, combined with the world of money and carelessness that has produced her and her kind, can only lead to tragedy for Gatsby.A masterpiece ..."
"The novel, The Great Gatsby by Scott Fitzgerald is not a book for me. I felt like the novel was too boring, and dull. It was really hard to get into. This novel is about a man named Nick that lives next to Gatsby, who throws parties at his mansion every Saturday. He then befriends Gatsby. In the beginning of the novel, it was confusing when Tom showed Nick, his mistress. I felt like nothing really actually happened in the book. There wasn't really a plot. This book is supposed to be a reflection of the 1920s, but doesn't really exude it. The 1920s was fun and exciting, and this novel was not. Also the actual writing was way too eloquent and he used lots of big words, that was distracting from the actual plot. His writing was way to flowery, which made it unenjoyable. This book was just basically about affairs. I also didn't like how Nick was narrating it, because he wasn't a sole part of the plot. He was just there; nothing important. I don't understand why this is a classic..."
"I think, or I glean, that American high school students are required to read this book, held up as a shining example of national literature. Perhaps because I'm not American, this novel wasn't on any lists when I studied English in high school and university. Just as well; I mightn't have appreciated it then.It's understandable that The Great Gatsby would be taught; it's damned good. It's tight, compact, linear, and practically every sentence is a work of art. I bought the audio book and listened to it twice. Then I picked up the novel and read it in a couple of days. It's excellent; there's no way around it. It's also rather different from Tender is the Night, also good, perhaps more evolved, but not nearly as flash or impactful.If someone employed Fitzgerald's style today, their prose would likely be labeled too ornate. A shame, because it's poetic and powerfully descriptive.Troy Parfitt is the author of Why China Will Never Rule the World"
"Unlike most of the reviewers, I did not read this book in school. The renewed hype on this classic made it a choice for a book club, and I'm glad it did.  My review is not based on how much I liked the characters or how wonderful the story was, but rather on how well the author wrote what he had to say. Most of the characters are not very likeable, and a couple are plain disgusting.  I spent the entire book wondering why Nick put up with Tom and Daisy, when he seemed to have so many admirable qualities, and why he stood by, even abetting, behavior he didn't believe in.But the story was so thought provoking, and had so much to say about how much character matters, and how important it is to place your aspirations and future hopes on substance.  The one happy result seemed to be that Nick learned that lesson from the tragedy of his friend, Gatsby.Reading the book decades after its publication also sheds light on F.Scott Fitzgerald's own short and often tragic life."
Don't just rely on the movie (especially not the Decaprio one!).  Read the book and enjoy the characters as Fitzgerald really wrote them.
"The Great Gatsby is a classic piece of literature by F. Scott Fitzgerald!  The story of love lost, found and lost again, the beautiful language will touch the heart and mind.  It's amazing how simple things were back when Fitzgerald wrote this - the book isn't very long, and it speaks of so much: love, jealousy, tolerance, sacrifice, abuse, the inability to admit fault or appreciate what you have, the very essence of the American dream to become who you want to be.This book is like an old black and white movie where men were men.  It's entertaining, but the author allows you to think for yourself and draw your own opinions rather than spoon-feeding you a story with the desire to sway your judgment toward his own.  I was really amazed at how the writing captured my attention and imagination so thoroughly that a couple of written lines could produce the graphic images of a horrific car accident in my mind's eye.This is truly a thinking man's book and a must read."
"I know that it will be unpopular to express a middling opinion of this great classic, but I cannot deny that is where my feelings fell. Though the story is well-written, I just could not bring myself to care about what happened to anyone in this novel. Some of the figurative and symbolic language is lovely and effectively used, but the characters were mostly shallow. I guess that's the point, they are selfish people who chase after riches and happiness without ever truly finding it. Daisy is initially presented as the perfect woman, as seen through the eyes of Nick and Jay. It is only as the story progresses that the reader realizes that Daisy is a user of people. She draws them in and spits them out. This story could be just as easily set in present day as the 1920's with young people grasping for wealth and popularity in place of anything meaningful in life. I suppose this timelessness is what makes it a classic, but I have read so many books that were more enjoyable."
"Its easy to see why this is considered a classic of American literature. Historians see it as a mirror of those who lived during the Jazz Age. To me at a deeper level, it deals with the issue of what you want in life  or out of life, and what you do when you find you can't get it, and you realize you can't. And, no amount of money or power or friends can get you there. To those peers living during the self-indulgent Jazz Age, the Great Gatsby speaks prophetically about the realiy of not finding satisfaction through indulging. The way to realization of goals is to be ethical and principled. The only one in the book who is that and is thus the hero turns out not to be Gatsby, not matter how great, but the narrator who is the ""least among these"", telling the story and is a distant observer of those caught in the chase. Anyone contemplating setting out on life's journey to find fame and fortune ought to consult the Great Gatsby before going too far down the  road."
"And I mean the book and me.  Although I am not perfectly aged.  I mean by my title that with age, I have been able to really appreciate the beautifully poetic words that Fitzgerald used for his story.  I think that teachers must assign this because they think the simplicity of Fitzgerald's words are easy for teenagers to understand. They may be able to understand all the words, but I really don't think most teenagers can truly understand the meaning behind the beautiful word choices Fitzgerald made.  I for one, did not and I just loved this book the second time around.  Life experiences make it easier to see Daisy and Gatsby for what they truly are, very shallow people.  I think only Tom shockingly looks good in this book.  He recognizes his life for what it is.  When I was young, I really thought Tom was a bad guy.  I feel differently after reading it the second time.  I still see this as such a sad, sad story, where nothing happy takes place.A must read!"
"It is so well written, quick read and really takes you back to that time period.  I wish he had been drinking less and had written more!"
"F. Scott Fitzgerald was an excellent author and this book gives a fascinating look into the world of the 1920s.  I usually read non-fiction military history.  Nevertheless, I decided to read this after seeing the movie with Leonardo DiCaprio.  I read this book on a Kindle HD.  There are no negatives with the Kindle version of this book.For a story that was written almost a century ago, it still manages to capture the imagination of the modern reader.  This story, which is not overly complex, is compelling enough to keep most people engaged.  The reader’s heart goes out to Gatsby and Daisy, two people who clearly belong together but are kept apart by the circumstances of their life.  The ending is just as poignant when no one shows up for the funeral.Bottom line:  This is just a good story that will grab both the attention and heart of most readers.  As someone who normally reads non fiction, this was a good, thought provoking change of pace."
"This is a novel about class and ambition, not true love. Gatsby is that rarest of Americans, a rags-to-riches self-made man. He worked his way up from poverty. But he isn't happy. Why? Because he did it all for Daisy, and yet the web of American society (a supposedly classless place) prevents him from ever having her. Thus he is tragic. Gatsby may be amoral, but why is he so? He was born poor but ambitious and then he became successful and it killed him. The very top is out of reach, even if you get there. It's a fool's game. If Gatsby were set in today's world he might aspire to be a Donald Trump-like character. The tragedy (and farce) of our society, which Fitzgerald realizes, is that Donald Trump was born rich.People who read this novel as a love story are missing the point. Gatsby is not in love, he is infatuated with Daisy because of what she represents. Many people confuse this with love (in literature and in life) but that is a terrible mistake."
"Just realized I bought this book and never finished it. I know it's a classic, really tried to like it.  Started out thinking ""wow this Fitzgerald guy is quite a writer"". Considering all of the description I suppose he is a literary craftsman.But as the pages went by nothing really happened. With the outpouring of words I never felt like I knew or cared about the characters. Maybe that's how the one percent live, maybe that's the point, but I just didn't get any energy from it. Certainly not any good energy. Not clever, suspenseful. The mystery of a rich, single guy's past can only carry a plot so far. Not particularly thought provoking. One can only take so much yearning and wistfulness.I must have set the story down and never thought to pick it up again. Maybe someday I'll get stuck in an airport and finish it. And maybe discover that it gets really exciting at the end. Somehow it doesn't matter. For me the energy was all wrong."
"Now that, my dear friends - is a piece of quality writing.*MINI REVIEW:*This book left me speechless - the writing style, the characters and the overall cohesiveness of the storyline was amazing and well thought-outWe are told of the events occurring in Jay Gatsby's life from the perspective of one of his close friends Nick Carraway. I found this quite an interesting approach and perspective which suited the book well. The novel is full of vivid imagery and the language that Fitzgerald uses had me in awe with his ability to pull the reader so deeply into the story.This book did have a tragic end unfortunately, and things do not exactly end on a bright and rosy note. In a way Fitzgerald made everything so cleverly ironic that you come to think that really, everything ended just as it should have.I would definitely recommend this as one of the must-reads and best literary classics of the 20th century!"
Beautifully written and still relevant today. Evelyn Waugh's Brideshead Revisited is however a superior work based on a similar theme.
"Great book. As an English teacher, I don't know that I would suggest someone under 16 read this text. However, I thought it was great."
"This is simply the most beautiful book I've ever read, I practically have it memorized.  Hopefully you all will enjoy it too.  Thanks~"
"As  I type, I'm beating against my deadline for a journal of responses to The Great Gatsby, which I finished about two weeks ago, but still cannot decipher enough. Fitzgerald writes in the most crystalline prose, as  somebody said, and if one is looking for something mesmerizingly  well-written, this novel should be approached. However, I give it only four  stars because eventhough I can relate to Nick Carraway's perception of  Gatsby, and his opinion of him (his dream is very noble, and he lives in a  fantasy world, never letting the outside world crush this), I'm still  perturbed and annoyed by the rest of the characters. I will have to read it  in another time, so as not to feel under AP pressure as I try to  interpret/analyze it. Finally, I believe the story is moving once one  remembers all those disgustingly superficial and supercilious people do  have souls.When I started this book , the Jazz Age fascinated me, but now  it kind of disgusts me."
"The Great Gatsby is an excellent book which keenly depicts the pre-Depression era.  As a junior in high school, my class read this book which I thought was going to be the typical boring English book but it is  truly a well-written work.I believed the book starts out pretty slow but  as reader gets deeper and deeper into the book, they can find mystery,  intrigue, romance, and other subplots.  Readers can find the mystery which  surrounds Gatsby.  He only reveals bits and pieces about his past which  leaves the reader to speculate some things about him.  The intrigue and  romance mingle into the odd love relationships of Tom, Daisy, Gatsby, and  Myrtle.  Did Daisy truly love Gatsby?  Does Tom even care about his  mistress Myrtle?  All the confusion will make a head-on-collision toward  the end of the book.So even if you do not get any of that symbolism or  delve deeper into the novel, it's still worthwhile to read this American  classic."
"Well written.An American classic.Dialog with an original, memorable ring to it.So what am I missing?Ten opening pages of conflict-free narrative and throat-clearing.Long rambling descriptive passages.Unsympathetic, amoral, shallow characters.Dated.Anti-Semitic: how often must we be told that Meyer Wolfshiem has a big nose? With hairs growing out of it - just to make sure he is unappealing.To say this book ""explores themes of decadence, idealism, resistance to change, social upheaval, and excess"" is being very generous. One could just as easily say that it lacks focus, meanders, and displays many of the traits of a first novel: vague protagonist, too much description, lack of conflict.Oh, it's literary.The only real conflict comes three-quarters of the way through the novel, when (spoiler alert) Gatsby's lover Daisy `accidentally' kills her husband's mistress. Now this was good and the drama and tension picked up sharply--only to be dropped toward the protagonist's naval-gazing.And, before someone tells me how wonderful the writing is, yes, it is, to a point, but please take another look at the number of sentences written in passive voice.Would have made an excellent short story, starting at page 120.If written today, I suspect this book would be most likely be rejected by NY."
"I liked the book, but I didn't necessarily like the people in the book.  It was a different time, mainly made up of ""HAVES &  HAVE NOTS"".  It was well written and I learned a lot of new (old) words."
"The American Dream--as it arose in the Colonial period and developed in the nineteenth century--was based on the assumption that each person, no  matter what his origins, could succeed in life on the sole basis of his or  her own skill and effort. The dream was embodied in the ideal of the  self-made man, just as it was embodied in Fitzgerald's own family by his  grandfather, P. F. McQuillan.The Great Gatsby is a novel about what  happened to the American dream in the 1920s, a period when the old values  that gave substance to the dream had been corrupted by the vulgar pursuit  of wealth. The characters are Midwesterners who have come East in pursuit  of this new dream of money, fame, success, glamour, and excitement. Tom and  Daisy must have a huge house, a stable of polo ponies, and friends in  Europe. Gatsby must have his enormous mansion before he can feel confident  enough to try to win Daisy.What Fitzgerald seems to be criticizing in  The Great Gatsby is not the American Dream itself but the corruption of the  American Dream. What was once--for Ben Franklin, for example, or Thomas  Jefferson--a belief in self-reliance and hard work has become what Nick  Carraway calls ""...the service of a vast, vulgar, and meretricious  beauty."" The energy that might have gone into the pursuit of noble  goals has been channeled into the pursuit of power and pleasure, and a very  showy, but fundamentally empty form of success."
"I read this book back in high school and could not remember most of the story.  Once the movie came out I decided to read it again.  It was a nice break from current writing styles.  A pleasant, easy read."
"This class novel was mandatory reading material sophomore and senior year of High School, but I continued to read this book through out college in my leisure time bc I love it so much.Such a good story"
"""The Great Gatsby"" by F. Scott Fitzgerald1922, West Egg New York; After returning from ""That delayed Teutonic migration known as the Great War"", Nick decides to leave his family roots in the Middle West behind and try his hand at being at the Bond Business in New York City. Nick rents a small cottage which unbeknownst to him is located next to door to the areas social Mecca. Jay Gatsby, the local legend throws extravagant parties all the time and all of the areas upper crust take full advantage of their gracious host even though no one seems to really know who he is or why he constantly extends hospitality to all of these strangers. Surely it can't be without cause. The reason eventually makes itself known to Nick and his cousin Daisy Buchanan who lives on the opposite side of the bay...I try to throw in a classic every now and again. I find that many don't age well but Gatsby was actually a great read. Fitzgerald captures the embodiment of an era in this superbly written book.The Good: F. Scott Fitzgerald's writing is what makes this story. The story itself while interesting and having its share of twist and turns is successful because of its delivery. Written by most other authors this could have been bland and uninteresting. Fitzgerald's prose and his examination of this time period are where the real interest lies.The bad: Nothing memorable.Overall: A great read and worthy of the moniker ""Classic"""
"It took a little longer than I'd like for it to be shipped to my house, but no biggie. It arrived in perfect condition. Such a wonderful book, second time I've read it and I'm really not a big reader! lol"
"I read this book in high school and liked the informal style of the narration, though the message was a bit depressing. Jay Gatsby, the title character, was a hopeless romantic and idealistic dreamer whose positivity eventually led him to ruin. Because he made some mistakes in figuring out how to pursue happiness, he was led only to pain, and had some trouble with trying to figure out at what point it became useless to pursue his happiness. He always longed for the early days of his youth, when he and the girl he loved--Daisy Fay--were together. Sadly they grew up, and Daisy Fay became Daisy Buchanan, and Gatsby doesn't really know how to deal with the fact that she really does love her husband. But because Daisy is connected in Gatsby's mind to everything pure and wonderful about his life, he thinks the only way he can reclaim that beauty is to win her back.Disillusionment played a large part in this book. Nick, the narrator, wanted Jay Gatsby to be happy, and did his best to help him out despite being a realist himself. The author's depressing message appeared to be that the world is going to crap and morals are degrading all over the country, and there's not much anyone can do about it. His point was well-taken even though I don't agree with it completely. It's hard not to feel hopeless sometimes when people like Gatsby are rewarded for their positive outlook by having the rug pulled from under them."
"I have probably read this book 20 times and it seems to get better with time.  The first time I read it was in high school and I couldn't fully appreciate or understand it.  Then as an Education major in college, I taught it to my students when I did my student teaching and had to know every nuance about it.  What do I love so much?  Mostly Nick Carroway's narration and the way Fitzgerald describes things as the writer.  He uses such rich imagery that you can just picture the scenes and characters in your mind.  And yes, all of the characters are shallow and mostly immoral, except for Nick, the narrator.  To me, this is a story about love, longing for something you want so badly and will do anything to have, how money doesn't buy happiness or fulfillment if you don't have love, how people will use others for money, and how money can ruin people.  It's also an interesting portrait of the east coast and rich people during the 20's.  Every time I read it, I get so lost in the descriptions of Daisy, Gatsby, Jordan, Gatsby's parties and the guests at his parties, the sprawling mansions, etc.  Overall it's a very romantic book about wanting something you can't have - and then getting it only to have it not fully meet your expectations.  I will admit, the ending is depressing and sometimes I stop reading before the book ends because it's just not pleasant.  But this will still go down as my favorite book of all time."
"What a disappointment.  Too flowery, and it just kind of ended.I saw the movie and it was much better and made it much more understandable.It may be a work of art but I can not recommend it."
"Just as FANTASTIC as I remembered it from high school!  This was my second time around, still amazed at how Nick overcomes his past.  I'm an avid reader of complelling characters both fiction and real life.  I just finishing readingDays of Moonshine and Roses part onea story about a real life ladies man slash ganster that is a blend between Nick and Gone with the Wind's Rhett Butler.  I highly recommend it as well.The great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald is a fictional story taking place during the American Jazz age.  The story, set on the East Coast of the U.S. follows the journey of a young Nick, a real party-hardy type.  Nick's pursuit of wealth and sweet Daisy, not of the Dogwood fame, is the classic stunblebum chasing the princess escapade.The Great Gatsby is a Rags-to-Riches great read and will be enjoyed by anybody looking for the misadventures of the spoiled upper class."
A classic. A reflection on F. Scott Fitzgerald's life. Full of twists and surprises in the end of the story. Highly Recommended.
"Happy to have revisited it...Excited, a little nervous about the upcoming film. I need to go back to see earlier versions."
"Nick Carraway spends a summer learning about responsibility and romance as his cousin, Daisy Buchanan, begins an adulterous affair with a long-lost love, Jay Gatsby. This one-sentence plot summary does nothing to relay the considerable issues of the book. We learn that Jay Gatsby has a strong sense of romance--he is a product of the American Dream, where everything is possible as long as anything can be bought. He becomes a product of reputation, a carefully cultivated fictional past, and ready money at a time when established order has suffered a severe jolt from early twentieth-century ennui and loss of faith. Fitzgerald's analysis of shifting societal proprieties remains relevant as we begin our new century, but Jay Gatsby's yearning for a pure, enduring love makes this book timeless. If THE GREAT GATSBY isn't the greatest American novel, it must be in the top ten. I cannot recommend this novel highly enough."
"I was essentially forced to read the book, and I am glad I was. While I was reading this book, I thought I was watching a soap opera. It has everything you could want in a interesting, action packed story, everything from love triangles and murder to back stabbing and philosophical enlightenments.The book gave me a pretty clear and convincing perspective about the early to middle 20th century obsession with the American dream, otherwise known as the great, ideal, promising American dream. The tragic story of Jay Gatsby exemplifies the flawed aspects of the American dream, warning readers even from modern day of the danger and sacrifice demanded from the pursuit of the American Dream. And because we are a growing society still pursuing financial success in most matters, the book applied and will apply in the near future."
"I read this book last year in my American Lit. class. From the beginning I had a feeling that something is different about this book than any other book I have everread. So, it became the first book ever which I read first page to last page. I really liked that how the theme of American Dream is presented throughout the novel. I really admired the main character Gatsby since he gives up everything for his love, but in return he has to lose his life. The reason why I loved this book so much was that the dedication of Gatsby for the goal of his lifetime and the hard work he did for that. This book is really inspirational. It also talks about the American Dream of people. Additionally, it also mentions the changes in the values in the 1920s. I would definitely, recommend this book for anyone who wants to read a really good book to enjoy and also to learn.Sorry for ruining the story for you."
What can I possibly say about a book that many rate one of the 2 best novels of the 20th century? It is a classic tale of love.
"Great Gatsby -Scott Fitzgerald, A fantastic piece of literature which made Gatsby Great as well as Scott Fitzgerald. Gatsby is almost too fashionable with his high standard of morals. Always charming. Always the gentleman. He would be the ideal catch for a woman. He is kindhearted and an all-around decent man.The setting is an entirely different era than we are now accustomed too, but it is a noteworthy time. Gatsby isn’t really all that different and neither s Nic Carraway as he narrates the story to the reader. In some way Carraway could be described as a voyeur. He watches Gatsby. They have much in common except Carraway is well grounded. He is self assured. Whereas Gatsby, though a decent man can be a little flakey. He is easily swayed and tempted by a woman who could easily tarnish his reputation In this pre-depression era, if a man is not trustworthy, he may as well tuck tail and runaway."
"Like a lot of people, my first experience with The Great Gatsby was being forced to read it in high school. Honestly, it was one of the few books I read because I had to that I actually enjoyed. Twenty years later I decided I wanted to reread it after seeing the Baz Luhrmann film. I had bought a Kindle so that I could read while on the arc trainer at the gym, so I downloaded it. I loved the digital edition. The type was large enough so that I could read it while it was on the machine panel in front of me, and it was so easy to swipe from one page to the next. And I love the book so much, I found myself disappointed that my workout was over and I had to stop reading. Fitzgerald's language has a way of being straightforward and flowery all at the same time. And the story is so timeless, so tragic, but so engrossing. I truly believe this is a book that everyone should read at least once in their life."
"THE GREAT GATSBY is one of those books that people either love or hate with no inbetweens. There are many who consider THE GREAT GATSBY to be the great American novel. I wouldn't go so far as to say that, but there is no question that it is a great book and a classic piece of American literature. The book evokes a particular time and place like very few writings can. The words in the novel flow together like cool water in a fresh-water mountain stream. However, what I find most amazing about THE GREAT GATSBY is that even though the novel doesn't have any truly redeeming characters and has a plot that is pointless and somewhat predictable, the story unwittingly sweeps the reader into the world in which it takes place so that before one realizes it, the story is over and the book is finished. Not very many stories can do that. It's not difficult to understand why Andy Kaufman loved this book so."
"This book is, yes, a classic, but a decent one.  Most people have read it and most love it, but there seems to be a stubborn group of Fitzgerald-haters, so it's obviously not for everyone.The imagery  stood out among all other good parts of the book.  It is very lyrical,  almost poetic.  If nothing else, F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote a beautiful  novel.Gatsby is the best part of the whole thing, too.  Dark,  mysterious, and rich, we never really get a good look at him (don't watch  the movie for this reason), but he's an intriguing character, worth at  least a glance.I don't know if this book is a classic, but I don't know  what makes a classic.  The story is well written and the scenery is  gorgeous even if the plot is a little convoluted.  This book won't change  your life, as is noted by another reader a few reveiws down, but is worth  reading once for any number of reasons."
"I find it interesting that so many of my Goodreads friends have this marked as 'read' but very few left reviews. (Goodreads is an online reading club/website) I felt a little stunned when reading this book as well. It wasn't at all what I expected. For starters is only 180 pages.The Great Gatsby - To me the title is sarcastic, condescending, and empathetic. It's a story about a man who ""...paid a high price for living too long with a single dream.""Gatsby told lies about his life to win Daisy. He then created a life to make those lies a reality. In the end nothing mattered. I was all a lie. Gatsby was a disturbed, obsessed man. The fact that no one attended his funeral showed that everything had been made up, superficial - he lived a life of smoke and mirrors.I'm glad I read this and may pick it up again some day. I'm afraid my reaction to it was based on preconceived notions."
"I had to read this book for my junior year of high school and I remember disliking it greatly. I was very bored with it and I didn't care about any of the characters whatsoever, even Gatsby. Like one of the reviewers who have this book two stars like me I would describe it as empty. ""Empty"" is how I felt in the beginning, middle, and end of this book. Sure the prose is really good and Fitzgerald has a wide vocabulary but so what? When I read a book I read for enjoyment, not for all the literary crap. I don't get how this is a classic and I don't feel is deserves to be up there with other classics like ""To kill a mockingbird"" or ""Of mice and men"" because in those stories, unlike this one, I felt real emotions throughout the story and cared about the characters in those stories. Overall I give it two stars, definitely one of my least favorite books but I've read worse."
"the great gatsby is undoubtedly one of the all time classics, and a must. it portrays wonderfully the meaning of the american dream. gatsby is the epitome of idealism, believing that the past can be repeated, and that his love for daisy, and her love for him, can be re-kindled. his vision of the world is pure, albeit for his materialism, the reader is made to sympathize with him. beautifully written, the prose-style is poetic, lyrical and magical. f. scott-fitzgerald uses a combination of allegories, sybolism an motifs to paint a most vivid and vibrant picture of life in the 20's, and the search for the holy grail, the ideal. an almost flawless book. potent, pure, yet realistic. scott-fitzgerald allows the reader to keep believing and searching... ""the milk of wonder""...""the palp of life"" can be achieved...the ""elusive rhythmn"" .to be read over and over again."
"Finally getting around to reading the classics.  Good story.  Should read more F. Scott Fitzgerald, he is one of the greats."
One of the greatest books ever written. Got the book so that I could re-read it before the new movie coming out on the 10th.
It was exactly as it was described. Almost new except for a few markings which are not distracting at all. Very Satisfied :)
Thought I should read this after seeing film.  Found it very interesting and that the film stayed on the actual story line.
"Never read this book and thought it was about time, especially with a new movie coming out.  Am so glad I did.  Great book!"
I absolutely love this book. Everyone who loves the jazz age shoulddefinetly read this. It's a sad but beautiful book
"I've always had trouble pinning my favorite book, but now I know undecidedly that this book will always win over the others"
"The Great Gatsby is truly a work of art. I guess part of my love for the novel is caused by my nostalgia to live in the roaring 20s. The characters each have different backgrounds and somehow they become more involved with each other and their lives are intertwined. As they Nick Carraway becomes involved with Gatsby, Tom, Daisy, and Jordan he learns secrets that he asked to keep, but should he? Who would it hurt more? The beholder of the secret, or the individual the secret it about? Nick is in this wedge of secrets as the book progresses. The way F. Scott Fitzgerald mixes the characters lives together is by itself amazing, but then he adds the colour of the twenties and the parties and Gatsby. He uses thorough imagery to portray Jay Gatsby’s carefree, expensive life. The novel ends with a decision: Gatsby or Tom Buchanan? There is a huge plot twist that is sad but incredible."
"I could read this book over and over and over again. In fact, I got the audio book just so I can listen to it while I run."
I have read this book several times and I alsoam from Long Island and it is remarkableeverytime I reread this.
"This book was well written and easy to read. I finished it in a few days, with not continual reading. It held my interest."
"They are very money hungry people an begin that way makes them shallow people, but in the end the i think they realize it."
"I absolutely loved this book, there isn't much I can add to the reviews...I just seen the older version of the film and have to say the book is the best (yet to see the new movie).However when I have finished the book, I was left kind of empty as the story really grows on the reader and you are part of the cast - this shows how well written it is as this is the most important thing to connect with the reader.Whilst looking for something similar to read after this book, I came across The Principle Of Chancewhich will take you back to 1937 Hollywood movie business. It also tackles some similar issues as depression and it is a love story too. Maybe you could try Jackie's [ASIN:0446357170 Chances] if you are a fan - nevertheless The Great Gatsby is a favourite and so far nothing can replace the experience it gives you. A truly GREAT book."
"did not care for Gatsby, but really liked Life of Pi.  Life of Pi was exciting and gripping making you want to read more."
"Before I started reading The Great Gatsby, I thought it would be somewhat a girl book. When I asked my sister she said it wasn't and it is a very famous book. In this book it has very good characters, a well-done plot, and good word choice. It is a fiction book that can also be classified a somewhat mystery. The story is set in the fictional town of West and East Egg, in New York. The time period is in the 20's or 30's, so there is vibrant music and attitudes.  In this book you will encounter many well-planned characters. To name a few characters you will encounter Nick Carraway, Tom Buchanan, Daisy, and Jay Gatsby. All of the characters twist into the good plot that The Great Gatsby gives you.  In the end this is a pretty good novel. I would recommend it to a person that likes fiction and some mysteries. I liked it enough to give it a good four stars!"
"The first time I read ""The Great Gatsby,"" I found it superficial and trite.  It took a much more careful read to realize what a masterpiece this book is.  Fitgerald uses the quick and flowing style of writing born in the Jazz Age, making this an easy read as well as a very satisfying one.  I'm tempted to say that the basic storyline of Gatsby, a self-made millionaire, who pursues his fickle sweetheart to a tragic end, is outweighed by the synesthetic descriptions and intimate character studies.  Fitzgerald has a skill for highlighting the dark, tragic moments in the book by contrasting them with beautiful and carefree lifestyle of its characters.  This can make the book seem too light and at times arrogant; however, look deeper at the dialogue and actions of the character to find the disquieting sense of melancholy that make this book so sadly lovely."
Saw the movie which was great I recommend it be seen in 3D. The book was almost verbaiting with the dialog with movie or visa versa. Although the ending in the book was much better.
"I ordered this for my daughter in law. It is a fine book, with a great binding and dust jacket. It is getting harder and harder to find good quality hardcovers at reasonable prices."
"At the risk of sounding as one steeped in vanity and geek-ness, I shall  relate the brief story of how I discovered this book. I wanted to record my  voice, on the computer, for the purpose of sending to my friends online  whom I've never met or talked to on the phone, and have thusly never heard  my voice. Not being one blessed with the ability to produce stirring speech  on command, I decided I would record myself reading from a novel. The  first novel I selected from my parents' rather diverse library was  ""The Great Gatsby."" I'd never read it before, but I deemed the  first few paragraphs worthy of representing my voice to my online friends.  So I recorded myself reading them out loud. The book enchanted me. The  sound of the language alone prompted me to record nearly three pages before  I retired to my room to devour the complete novel. It's now 5:51 AM, and I,  having just finished reading this wonderful work, am confident that F.  Scott Fitzgerald will join the growing pantheon of my personal favorites.  His fascinating ability to make viewpoint and character shine as much as  plot -- and his vibrant prose -- sets him among those I consider the greats  of literature, such as Vonnegut and Salinger. A must read for any  fascinated by humanity."
"I read this book for my American literature class back in collage, and I loved it so much. The whole idea of the rise of the new rich after the World War reminds me much of what has happened to Kuwait after the Iraqi Invasion of Kuwait took place in the 1990. Much has changed in the status of people in society, somewhat I could relate much to the novel from what I have seen and heard of changes in Kuwait compared to what happened in America.The novel is very well-written and describes the crises of what people go through and what the American society went through at the time. The character of Gatsby is fascinating filled with mystery and adventure, yet at times one would sympathize with the character at time especially the beginning of his life. People at the time had to make an appearance of being rich to cope with survival in the environment of the fortunate ones.The green light Gastby used to see from his house at Daisy's house resembles his dream to live with her, very much associated with the ""American Dream"" and the ""Green"" land of which the first settlers in America saw.Much to be discussed about such a great American Novel. Needless to say ""Must-Read"".P.S do not watch the movie if you have not yet read the book."
Fast service as described. I have been buying used books for my son to read for high school English. I hate to buy new ones just to see him mark all over them. Very pleased so far.
"One of the most famous novels to come out of the Jazz Age, The Great Gatsby is a tragedy of a man whose pursuit of the elusive American Dream leads to his destruction.Gatsby, as seen through the eyes of Nick Carraway, is a larger-than-life self-made man with a dubious background, whose opulent parties at the brightest-lit mansion on West Egg precedes even the man himself, and who looked the part of ""an elegant young rough-neck, a year or two over thirty, whose elaborate formality of speech just missed being absurd."" In this fleeting impression Nick has of Gatsby at their first meeting, there is a sense of a buried identity under the artifice that is not quite successfully kept from view.Gatsby is obsessed with Daisy, Nick's married cousin, who becomes more a symbol of what he wants to possess, but which ironically loses its significance when it is within reach.The novel is complicated by Nick's narrative, which is never reliable, and like Gatsby's identity, never quite stops shifting, and oftentimes displaces the focus on Gatsby to become more revealing about Nick. That we never get a true picture of Gatsby or Gatz, is perhaps the strength of the novel as a modernist text, in the way it sets questions about identity and the construction of it in place."
"I have been slowly and fitfully working my way through the classic novels I last read in high school and college, in order to enjoy them without a term paper or final exam hanging over my head. In rereading The Great Gatsby, I was less concerned with the symbolic meaning of the gigantic eyes of T. J. Ecklesburg and more struck by the alien landscape of the ash field those eyes looked down upon. I was less worried about what the green light at the end of Daisy's dock meant exactly and just knocked down by the image of romantic futility painted by Gatsby waving his arms at that dock. In other words, I was more open to the experience of the novel as a great story, rather than great literature. I feel like Daisy and Tom, with their vapid shallowness and complete lack of compassion for other people, are as relevant representations of our culture today as they were of Fitzgerald's then. The American dream is still a powerful and myth that has not yet been debunked, and Gatsby could have been as easily victimized by it in the early 21st century as he was in the premiere age of the nouveau riche. The mark of a true classic is not that it is still being taught in college classrooms, but that it is still a recognizable and moving story decades after it was written."
"This was my second time reading The Great Gatsby with the first time of it being required reading in high school.  I remember really enjoying the book back in high school, but I couldn't remember anything when I read it this past week for book club.  It was like reading it for the first time.It was brought up that the characters were really well developed and that the novel was well written.  I found that the characters in fact were not well developed.  I walked away feeling like I really didn't know any of them.  The only thing I took away from the characters was that Nick looked down on everyone, and Tom, Daisy, Jordan, and Jay were very superficial.The Great Gatsby was very descriptive, which I enjoyed, but the thing that bothered me was improper punctuation.  I wanted to mark up the book with corrections!!The plot was really lacking for me as well.  There was a dinner, a couple of parties, a hit and run, and a murder suicide.  That may seem like a lot that happened, but it didn't really go into much detail of the events.  So, with that being said, I was really disappointed with the book this go around.My full review can be found at http://thebookwormrunner.blogspot.com/2013/05/the-roaring-twenties.html."
"The Great Gatsby was a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. This book is based off of the 1920 time period which F. Scott Fitzgerald dubbed “The Jazz Age”. The overall point of view in this novel is Nick Carraway narrating in both first and third person, presenting only what he himself observes. Nick alternates and changes in some sections where he presents events, as they appeared to him at the time. The tone of this novel was really well shown and written. The tone was Nick’s attitudes toward Gatsby and Gatsby’s story is contradictory. At times he seems to disapprove of Gatsby’s of manners and ethics, but he also admires Gatsby. Nicks charter changes in the story he goes from a new guy just moving in to Minnesota looking to continue his job to being invited to Gatsby’s party. The book overall I did like. There were just some minor things that I did not care for. I also am not a big fan of the time period the setting in the book was based off of. I am more in to the modern time period of writing. If you enjoy the earlier time period of writing style then you will definitely enjoy this book. I would recommend this book to just about anybody. F. Scott Fitzgerald did an absolute wonderful job at writing this book. I did enjoy reading this book."
"Really liked the book.  It's a fast read, good story, and a bit of a surprise ending.  It's fun to read older books - the writing is so much better than many contemporary novels."
"Very good! Even though I already read this book, I still bought this one, the book touch and look both very good"
"I enjoyed reading it again.  I love the language and  I had forgotten the story.  good summer read, not too much"
"Every time I read it, I love it. Such modern and consistent ideas in any age. Yet with a glamorous 1920's theme."
The book is nice and it came as described in the correct binder and cover. Plus the book itself is a great read.
"While some listeners/readers have objected to Tim Robbins' rendering of this modern classic, I found it quite listenable (?).  It's eviden that Robbins has taken voice articulation in his acting training (something you wouldn't necessarily decipher from his acting roles).  The central characters he renders distinctively, and that is no easy task.  Some non-actors can do it well; some actors can do it well. Many actors, and non-actors don't do it well. As part of the intrigue of the book is the difficulty in really getting a hold on just who these characters/people are, an interpretation that is competent should be good enough. To the point, in a letter to Max Perkins, Fitzgerald admits not being able to fulfill his obligation as a writer in rendering satisfactory emotional threads for his characters."
"Is it possible to make enough money to buy love or erase past mistakes?  This story portrays the tragedy of someone who tried.  The book is a whirl of lust and tragic death that climbs to the mountaintop of hope and possibility and then descends to the depths of despair when all the attempts to buy happiness fall to pieces.  This is a good wakeup call for those who pursue the American Dream with reckless abandon.  You cannot buy your family, a spouse's love, or a do-over for a mistake.  Money is a merciless god.  And it makes you miss the real and valuable relationships after all.  Nick is that one person who really cared and really tried to help Gatsby.  And Nick wanted to be a friend whether Gatsby had money or not.  So in the end, The Great Gatsby is a reminder of what is really valuable in life."
"I really liked this.  It's short and simple, beautifully descriptive and carries within it the weight of great devotion and tragedy.  It's a book one would call a work of art.  I would read this for a taste of the  fabulous lifestyle of the rich, decadent and charming in New York at the  height of the Roaring 20s.  Also, for Gatsby's utter devotion to a lost  dream, the depth and the consequence of such a devotion.If anything, I  felt the characters of Nick Carraway (narrator) and Jordan Baker weren't  built up enough.  Fitzgerald's method of description wasn't too much to my  taste either.  It was rather amusing when at one point, within the same  conversation, he uses ""inquired Jordan humorously ... said Jordan  helpfully ... snorted Tom contemptuously ... demanded Jordan crossly""."
"It had a slow start but stick with it, a great read overall!! I have not seen the movie yet, but I plan to now."
"I felt that The Great Gatsby was a good book. It definitely illustrates well the daily activities of life in the 1920's. There are many things that were happening at that time that influenced the plot of the book such as the war and the KKK. I enjoyed reading material by a new author. Fitzgerald does an incredible job of bringing to life the settings of the book, and he uses such vivid and colorful words to describe them. There are times when the novel could become a bit confusing as far as the time element was concerned, but Fitzgerald would usually give subtle hints to allow you to estimate around what time it was.  I think that the book is a book that can be enjoyed by many different kinds of readers, and it is a good book to read if you are interested in getting a taste of life in the 1920's."
"Yes, I am in highschool and was required to read this book for my American Literature course, but I enjoyed reading it. It takes a lot to keep me entertained when it comes to reading and I'm not saying this is the most exciting book in the world but I for some reason I wanted to keep reading it.The style of writing is good and easy to follow and relate to.As for the story line, I liked it over all but like most books I wasn't completly satisfied. I thought that the author could have gone a little more in depth with each character. There is a good amount of symbolism in the story though so it's good if you want something to think about.I know it seems like I am putting the novel down but actually I do recomend reading it. I think you will really enjoy it."
"I remember reading this book a long time ago in high school and, like many books in high school, I detested it, holding any teacher's attempts to explain a book's themes and symbols as a colossal waste of time.  Now that I am a little older and wiser, I understand what Fitzgerald was getting at.  Many American's have their own green light, their ""American Dream"" that they are always reaching for, but may never attain or may attain only to be left wondering, like Jay Gatsby, was it worth it?  This is a great reflection on the American Dream, as all the great works of American literature are.  The tragedy of Gatsby's life and longing are only enhanced because of the fact that every American has their own dream.  And Fitzgerald's reflections on the moral wasteland that made up the wealthy's lifestyle in the 1920s has as much resonance today, post-2008 stock market crash, as it did 90 years ago.  And while I wouldn't go so far as to call this book ""The Great American Novel"" as others have, I do believe that a new generation of Americans, traumatized by the Wall Street bailout and the economic disparity between the rich and the poor in this country, will find new meaning in this classic work."
"I own it. I read it.  I recommend it. However, I recommend that you read all his works in order, so please get Flappers first, and read the first story, 'Pirate' first.  It will help you see the scathing indictment of his own age and time, the roaring twenties, that most of FSF's work really is.  Without this knowledge, it is possible to misread Gatsby as a romance or a book of hope or worse, a glamorization of the empty values and boozy, breezy, and barren lifestyle depicted so clearly and cleverly here.  FSF is a Falkner, a Welty, a Springsteen, a Stevie Ray Vaughn, a Muddy Waters, an artist with a clear theme presented in and a knowingly familiar perspective portrayed throughout all of his work.  Like these artists, FSF is known for never moving far afield from what and where he knows, from the autobiographical, and from what Falkner called the same ""postage stamp of soil"", that strong sense of place and time that makes the story so believable and so real, and hence so relate-able.  In art, 'universality' is, ironically, captured by truthfully-depicted 'specificity'.  This maxim is never truer than here, and of all this writer's art, never better presented than in this novel."
"While Fitzgerald's writing style is wonderful, his colorful descriptions truely being artwork in themselves, the story itself seems lacking.  While I understood the concept he was getting at (we read this in English, and we discussed this book until I was sick of it) it still failed to truely interest me.  This is a story of the shallow twenties, when the rich threw glamorous parties to flaunt their wealth, and those that went to the parties went to flaunt their own.  In the middle of this stands Gatsby, trying to find his lost love, and the narrator, who finds himself drawn up in the relationships between Gatsby and his companions, which rapidly degrade due to Gatsby's delusions of himself and the world around him.  I liked what Fitzgerald was getting at, yet the story itself of Gatsby and Daisy and all the rest just bored me.  At no point in the story did I care about what happened to any of the characters because, as another reviewer said, they were very shallow, as Fitzgerald may or may not have intended.  Overall this is a good book to read for fans of the classics, but for the casual reader, it's probably one to skip over."
I am not qualified to write a review on such a work of art. All that I can say is that I enjoyed reading it immensely.I felt like I was listen lay to great music.
I can't believe I never read this classic in high school.  Gatsby is such an interesting character.  I understand his being so motivated by love and his disappointment.
"ISBN-13: 978-0-684-83042-1 ""A breeze blew through the room, blew curtains in at one end and out the other like pale flags, twisting them up toward the frosted wedding cake of the ceiling-and then rippled over the wine-colored rug, making a shadow on it as wind does on the sea""(24). As you can see, The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald is descriptive and the author's words flow smoothly which made me happy while I was reading this book. Although I enjoyed reading this book, I did not like all the emotional issues the characters portrayed. Furthermore, they were not satisfied with their wealth which contributed to the surprise ending. I think the author is trying to tell the readers that everyone wants to have a successful life, but some people may have to work harder than other people to obtain a successful life. Also, there are a lot of people who started with poverty but still succeeded in life. The book taught me not to focus only on money but to focus more on healthy relationships. It did not take me a long time to finish this book. It was so compelling that I could not stop reading until I was actually finished with the book. I strongly recommend this book."
"Before I read ""The Great Gatsby"", I had no prior knowledge of its content. It seemed from the people that I talked with were either fascinated or disappointed with its' story line. So my thoughts were mixed about the author and what he wrote, however, once I read the book I was quite pleased with the story and its' narrator, Nick Carraway, and the experiences he had with his neighbor, Jay Gatsby.The book is essentially filled with love-hate relationships and suspenseful twists, which enlightened my curiosity page after page. It is no wonder that this book is being used in school curriculums as a required reading, for its material is interesting for many young minds because of its wide range of adventure, mystery, romance, and ambition within the book that kids can relate to in one aspect or another.Furthermore, upon reading ""The Great Gatsby"" I would recommend anyone with virtually any reading level to jump at the opportunity to read it, for not only is F. Scott Fitzgerald one of our finest writers, his book ""The Great Gatsby"" is an American classic, and also the book may enhance your perspective of what New York and its people were like in the nineteen twenties."
I suppose we could go on forever telling you how great this story is. I'll simply say that you must read it. It is one of the greatest pieces of literature in history.
"This will possibly be forever embedded in my top five favorite novels of all time. I first read it in high school and fell in love with the story of Gatsby and Daisy. As I grew up and saw more of the world and learned what real life is like, I began to love this book for an entirely different reason. I love that it doesn't have a happy ending. The 1920's was about glitz and glamour but behind that mask of sparkle there was different world. It was a world of corruption, loose morals and violent crime. The country had just returned from fighting in the trenches and many a young man came back more bitter and disillusioned than the older generation had ever been. They came back attempting to grasp on to dreams that could never be won back and loves that were lost forever. The Great Gatsby exposes this gilded world to a tea. Gatsby pines for Daisy, Tom repeatedly has affairs right under Daisy's nose, Jordan is aloof, vapid and shallow and poor Nick is trusted into the middle of all of it. In the end, Fitzgerald demonstrations the tragic consequences of living in a fantasy. Call me a cynic but it is a much better ending than the ubiquitous, ""...and they lived happily ever after."""
"Spontaneous, lucid, at once a dream of another time and a feverishly timeless state of mind.  It is one of the few defining books of 20th Century American literature."
"The Great Gatsby has been rated by generations of American high school students as ""the great American novel"". I believe this is because the book is mercifully short, lending itself to a quick read, with time left over for plenty of football practice. TGG is hardly a novel - more a novella. And it is hardly great. A great novel addresses profound issues of the human condition. This novella simply chronicles the unpleasant doings of some very shallow people. I wish the house had burned down, with everyone in it. There are many American novels that warrant the tag ""great"". TGG is not one of them. However, I would say that TGG is a very American book, obsessed as it is with wealth. To many Americans, it must come as a shock to encounter Fitzgerald's message that money can't buy you happiness. Most of us in the rest of the world know this already."
"The Great Gatsby is one of the most overrated books I've ever had the displeasure to read.Don't get me wrong their is stuff to enjoy in the book like F.Scott's rich and simple style and syntax, but the book lacks in other areas. The main one being that the book accomplished it's purpose.That is to show the lifestyle's of the rich that lived in the 20's and Gatsby's obsession wiht Daisy.And it was obsession not love.The problem with the above achievements is that the lifestyles of these people including Gatsby are so incredibly dull it makes for very little interest in the overall story.Also Fitz's choice of having a narrator as opposed to Gatsby's view made for even more yawning.The narration distanced me from Gatsby's obsession toward bland assessments by an outside presence(Nick).If you want to read a good  book about obssession read Lolita."
"The Great Gatsby is one of the most overrated books I've ever had the displeasure to read.Don't get me wrong their is stuff to enjoy in the book like F.Scott's rich and simple style and syntax, but the book lacks in other areas. The main one being that the book accomplished it's purpose.That is to show the lifestyle's of the rich that lived in the 20's and Gatsby's obsession wiht Daisy.And it was obsession not love.The problem with the above achievements is that the lifestyles of these people including Gatsby are so incredibly dull it makes for very little interest in the overall story.Also Fitz's choice of having a narrator as opposed to Gatsby's view made for even more yawning.The narration distanced me from Gatsby's obsession toward bland assessments by an outside presence(Nick).If you want to read a good  book about obssession read Lolita."
"F. Scott Fitzgerald was a writer who truly understood that ""writing is revision.""  The story of the Great Gatsby covers an era of decadence and lavish living that most of us can't imagine. But within the glitter and excitement, he weaves a tale of loves lost, struggles with personal demons and upward mobility.  There are some descrepancies within the story but, beyond that, the writing is phenomonal.Fitzgerald takes the English language and plays with it, subtly. Giving us beautiful phrases and lingering images that were quite exciting in his day. As we live in an age of hurry up and hurry up, reading his work is a real pleasure. It's a fast read but you don't want to run through it. You must savor each word, the masterful phrasing, while enjoying this classic.I give it a thumbs up. I promise you won't be disappointed."
"This modern classic is one of the masterpieces of literature and a real pleasure to read. The plot is timeless, dealing with the social problems of greed and how individuals handle their place in a money based value system.Fitzgerald is a gifted story-teller who uses the language as poetry. His images are carefully and skillfully drawn. The notion that our actions are monitored by all-knowing ""eyes"" pervades the book, from the superficial eyes of a minor (but significant) drunken character known only as ""Owl Eyes"" to the story dominating eyes on a billboard for an optometrist, Dr. T.J. Eckleburg. These haunting eyes were also the basis of the book-jacket picture by artist, Francis Cugat, a striking interpretation that evokes the debauchery of the times for the obscenely wealthy (including nudes reflected in the irises!)"
"""The Great Gatsby"" by F. Scott Fitzgerald is a novel that is probably one that I will be able to remember for the rest of my life.  I say this because it has so much to do with the realities of today, not just  of the early twenties.  These include issues of love, social status, and  money.  Following the life of Gatsby makes you realize how much all of us  has experienced at one point in our lives what he is experiencing.  The  novel was well written with numerous methaphors to give readers their own  interpretations of different scenes.  Take for example the locations of  East Egg and West Egg separated by the harbor, symbolizing the separation  of the rich and the poor and that Jay Gatsby may never be with the woman he  loves.  This and many other things make this a great book.  I'd recommend  it for anyone who enjoys to read."
"** spoiler alert ** I went back and forth between two stars and three with this one. I read it in a day (super short book if you didn't know already), and I am honestly confused by it. The first seven chapters I liked. When all of the chaos began, everything became distorted and muddled. It took me three times reading through to figure out that Gatsby had died, and after that everything just scattered. I didn't even understand the last several paragraphs. It was like Fitzgerald tried to incorporate some last-minute life lesson or something, and it didn't flow with everything else he had written. However, the greater portion of the story was well-written, intriguing, and genuinely brilliant. In conclusion, the strange closure (if you can call it that) threw me for a loop and prevented my loving this book. That is why I gave it three stars."
"Easily one of my favorite books. Fitzgerald is a great writer, not too wordy, and the storyline is sad and tragic. A+"
"The Great Gatsby is simply a classic, I truly enjoyed it. Looking forward to the movie and seeing DiCaprio as Gatsby."
I red this book in high school and have now reread it in preparation for the movie release in May. Highly recommend.
A quick summer read of the classic twisted love story always entertaining and still remains current  in the 21st century
Just re-read this book for the first time since high school. It's amazing how relevant it still is! A classic must-read.
"This classic American novel is the story of Jay Gatsby, that fabulously wealthy Long Island party giver, as related by his less affluent neighbor Nick Carraway.  Written in 1925 at the height of the Jazz Age, The Great Gatsby expertly captures the 1920s and all its excesses.As Nick Carraway begins this intriguing tale wherein wealth and gayety mask underlying tragedy, Gatsby is presented as an enigmatic character. No one really seems to know who Gatsby is or where he obtained his fortune.  Because of that knowledge vacuum, multiple  myths concerning the man circulate, growing more fantastic with each telling.But ultimately, Nick and the reader learn that Gatsby is a mere mortal whose inner life is a less than satisfying one and whose moment in the sun is destined to be short-lived.  Much like (as we now know) the Jazz Age itself.Highly recommended."
"Many feel that Fitzgerald's best, and in some cases only, quality is his beautifully written prose. While this is indeed one of his amazing features the hope and optimism he touches upon in his masterpiece, The Great Gatsby,  is even greater. In this case the master author uses a society, his  society, steeped in cynicism and hedonism, full of careless people who  break things; yet shows us true flawless beauty and hope. To this reader's  eyes The Great Gatsby is no tragedy at all, but instead a treatise on the  nature of hope.""Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgiastic  future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that's  no matter--tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther....  And one fine morning--"" And after experiencing such a wonderous work,  this humbled reader also sees his green light."
"I cannot recall how many times I've read this book since first introduced to it in high school nearly fifty years ago. The story haunts me and every so often I feel compelled to read it yet again. Fitzgerald's writing is clear and spare yet delivers an emotional impact. The characters are not easily forgotten. Gatsby endures as a character because, in his depths, he is a poor boy in love with a rich girl whom he can't have. And that truth never changes no matter how rich and intriguing he appears. Underneath the veneer lies a vulnerability that only love, or illusion, can engender. Nick, as narrator, gives the readers a person we can rely on even though we know he too is flawed. Gatsby tells a story that never ages: the pursuit of wealth and status, unrequited longing and the consequences that result when one's single-mindedness threatens the status quo."
"This book seemed rather ordinary to me. I wouldn't put a list best Classic novels. In fact, I found it somewhat boring."
I could never get into this book. I never read past the first couple chapters because it didn't draw me into the story.
"I use this book as a college student for the course of ""Critical Thinking Skill"" . Easy to follow and to understand."
"Fitzgerald's the Great Gatsby falls into that rarefied category of books -- the classic teens are forced to read in school, when few are mature enough to understand the depth of its genius.  Other works in this same category include Invisible Man, anything by Dostoyevsky, anything by Tolstoy... well you get the idea.Gatsby, with its tight almost terse language, complex relationships, and subtle imagery places it among the great works of American literature.  Its subject, wanting and loss, are feelings with which Fitzgerald was intimately familiar.  Tragically, many people were turned off to this work as teens when they could not yet understand its multi layered emotional landscape.  Hopefully, some of them return to the book as adults so that they can experience a real reading pleasure. Fitzgerald died young, but he left the world a master work."
"This is an interesting story. Having never read it, and only knowing it by name and nothing else, I can say it's definitely different from what I expected. Not sure what I was expecting, but I wasn't expecting a love story. It is really a love story after all. With that in mind, I'm glad I read it, but I don't know if I would say it's ""the great American novel"" though. Maybe for it's time it was, but not sure I could honestly say that now (though I also can't say what the ""great American novel"" is as I've never put a lot of thought into it).This book is great for it's size. It's paced well, and it's easy to get into. It's a good book, and while it might not be ""the great American novel"" (in my eyes), it's definitely an American classic that should be read by all. It's a great example of how to tell a good story without being long winded."
"Fitzgerald shocks us with his portrayal of the roaring twenties. He lures  us with his simple but misunderstood characters. And he finishes it off  with his incredible ability to paint a picture of a decade so out of  control. ""The Great Gatsby"" tells the story an incredibly wealthy  man (Gatsby) who is somewhat of an oddball in the socially aggressive  environment of New York in the twenties. Through the narrator, Fitzgerald  gives us the insight into Gatsby's true character that others in the novel  either don't pick up on, or ignore.  The only thing I didn't like about  this novel is Fitzgerald's ocasional use of the cheesy metaphor that  other's find so eloquent. However, I'd have to say that this was one of the  more enjoyable books I read this past year."
I loved reading this book in high school. The movie release just made me want to go back and read it again.
"I was introduced to F. Scott Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby in a two week mini course for 11th grade Literature.  That was more decades ago than I care to remember.  What I do remember is that Gatsby was always so cool, Nick was ripped of his innocence, Daisy's voice was full of money and Tom so did not get what he deserved.  As a high school student, all of the dark under tones of the story did not register.  As an adult, the adult situations were far too real.  I would not recommend this book for middle school study.  A related observation, is that the movie with Redford and Farrow was like an ice cream social with all the beautiful pastel colors.  I love that movie to this day.  The current movie with it's art deco and dark colors actually makes the story come alive."
"We don't.  They remain part of the fantasy life in our head that dies with us.  Most of us, however, do not act out that obsession with the opulent and garish extravaganzas that James Gatz (aka Jay Gatsby) was able to do with his gangster money.  Most of the idle rich who frequented his parties are by implication assumed to have received their fortunes through inheritance or some corrupting connection.  But Nick Carraway glibly reveals all the hypocrisy and corruptibility around him though he does not presume to judge.  Yeah. The last hope that Jay may find one true love disappears when Tom and Daisy plan their getaway after the manslaughter.The durability of the novel lies in its' perspective on a peculiar condition of the heart cast with poetic language."
"This story is amazing and eloquently written. At a '1st glance' and a 1st  read, it seems like a simple love story with a tragic ending.  However,  having studied the novel and explored its issues and themes, the broader  and more significant issues are brought to our understanding and we realize  what Fitzgerald is really trying to tell us.  The way that it conveys this  message very subtly and in an eloquent way, is its strongest point.  It is  books like this,Salinger's ""Catcher in the Rye"", and Orwell's  ""1984"" and many others, which really give a book a real meaning  for us to realize of the world we live in.  This has been an advertisement  for u to buy the book from amazon.com now!! at an amazingly 'low' price  [hee hee].!! yes incredible"
"This book is nothing but a commentary of the 1920's - and is not at all The Great Gatsby. I should have taken the 0.99c price as a warning, and if it was worth it I'd ask for a refund.I feel like I've been deceived; cover, author and description clearly states this is the novel.Very disappointed, glad I only spent a dollar."
"I LOVE THIS BOOK!BOUGHT IT AFTER I WATCHED THE NEW FILMTHOUGH I HAVE READ IT, I ENJOYED A LOT."
"This is an excellent book to read if you are looking for an old fashioned Great American Novel. Set in the mid-1920s just after the war, two people with a romantic past become reunited with the Narrator’s help. It is an excellent book for those who enjoy classic romance novels.  It is a simple novel with a lavish kind of twist to it. Fitzgerald writes this novel in such a way that each end of a chapter keeps the reader hooked. Built on love and deceit the novel is a masterpiece as the reader discovers this world not through an outside narrator where the reader sees things for themselves, but through Nick Carraway’s eyes which are always up close and personal in all of the action. Definitely one of my favorite books because of how well it depicts this time frame"
"Of course, reading the Great Gatsby is something every American owe's to himself.  I was never good about reading the assigned literature in high school, but I read this.  It introduced me to a world of poetry and prose, people and plot, and all elements of writing that have enthralled readers for as long as writing has existed.  The language makes me want to weep.  Authors don't write like this anymore, they might not be capable of it.  Though the book presents itself as a tragedy through a portrait of our nation's most riotous decade, it is soothing in abstract ways.  I love this book dearly and I'll never love another one more.  If you haven't read Fitzgerald's Gatsby yet, read it.  It belongs in the pantheon of classic books one must read before they die."
"It was at least four decades ago that I first read ""The Great Gatsby"" by F. Scott Fitzgerald.I must confess it was a greater pleasure this time as an elective, rather than required reading.It is beautifully plotted and full of lyrical writing, intriguing dialogue and extremely rich and fully developed characters.The reader is magically transported into the Jazz Age by first person narrator Nick Carraway.The feature players Jay Gatsby, Tom and Daisy Buchanan and Jordan Baker are involved in a mystery comprising greed, ambition, and a love triangle.It truly is a novel whose whole is greater than the sum of its parts.Absolutely a classic.Reward yourself by reading or rereading ""The Great Gatsby."" It is time well spent."
I could read this again and again.  Hadn't read it in years and with the recent release of the movie decided to re-read it.  I forgot how wonderful it is to read Fitzgerald.
This book truly captures the human essence and shows it to us from the shiny and glamorous to the dark and ugly in such a way that will almost bring you to tears at the end.
"For some reason, I never had to read this in high school. On the other hand, I probably would not have ""gotten"" it in high school, either. There is so much more here than there is in either movie. (The Robert Redford version is lovely, but does nothing to explain how/why Gatsby is wooing Daisy so heavily and there's no sense to the final tragedy. The Leo DiCaprio version is just to show us the bling of the period.)There's good reason why Fitzgerald is a highly regarded American legend. His pacing his slow, but not so slow to get boring. He has a way of showing us the excesses of the rich of this period with simple writing. His writing is simple; not florid, but you can see, feel, hear what is happening. And, he does this with seeming ease. No fancy language or literary tricks. He's just a great writer - plain and simple. He doesn't pass judgement on the characters but describes their actions so you can make your own decisions on these persons' sense of morality.I love this period of American culture and would love to be able to transport back in time to this period for just a few days so I could see what it was really like. Fitzgerald's writings only make this desire in me stronger."
"This is a must read in most high schools, why can I buy the paperback for half of what a Kindle download costs? Thinking Kindle sounded good, but was a waste of money."
"Or maybe I never knew! I read this when I was a teenager and certainly didn't pick up on all the nuances or the impeccable way Fitzgerald crafted the story. I know this book is taught in high school--although I don't remember it being part of required reading for me at the time. It was just a book that you read, like you had to try smoking cigarettes at that age. I think I was too young to get it. I didn't understand Daisy or Gatsby, and especially Nick. It seemed to me everyone was his or her own worst enemy, except maybe for Jordan who got short shrift. The whole scene, dissolute rich people in the 1920s, was beyond my comprehension. One of the only scenes that stuck in my memory was that of Gatsby flinging his numerous clean shirts around his bedroom to show off how wealthy he'd become. Reading it now, as a supposedly mature adult, I was touched by the masterful descriptions and the economy with which Fitzgerald communicates his characters' emotions. I had never realized the implications of where Gatsby's wealth came from, and totally missed the desolation of the funeral secne. The book was maybe too subtle for me as a teen. I was moved by it as an adult. I recommend it, even if you've read it before."
"by far, the best novel i have read in my 20 years of existence.  i ask every girl i'm interested in if she's read it.  a response of yes=we'll keep in touch and no=no love"
"This is one of those novels that you have to read to the very last page to really enjoy it. It is a very simple story in terms of plot, but it's a very complex game of riddle as for its protagonist. There is, in my opinion, a subtle game between what's obvious and superficial and what's hidden and more deep, that's were the novel caught me.I'm a bit surprise that so many reviewers define the characters as to be shallow. Sure, most of them are maybe one-dimensional, but that again plays with Gatsby being so complicated. Because this is the essence of the book as I see it: Gatsby might be a superficial man in his ways and his attitudes, still he feels there's something more deep and worthwhile in life and he thinks he found it in Daisy. And so he pursues his dream to grasp that deeper, most important of thing with what means he has. Which are shallow things, the things he has around him, which dwell in his world and people around him consider valuable.This is what I liked in this novel. Both Gatsby and Carraway feel there is more to life than what they see around them, but unfortunately our means to achieve that deepness - that happiness, if you will - are inadequate, most of the time."
"This is a brilliant book and each time I read it, I discover something more about it. This is the story of the American Dream and it is about money. Daisy represented everything to Gatsby that he could not attain due to his humble roots. Even her voice sounded like money to him. It is a sad and tragic tale that is true to this day. I now understand why this book was required reading in freshman English classes in college. It is timeless and the message is as true today as it was when it was written. The prose is beautifully written. Fitzgerald was a literary  genius but lead a tragic life of his own. I have seen the two movie versions but I still like the book better. This is a must read for anyone who is interested in history as it reads like a historical novel about the 1930's era. Fitzgerald understands people and what makes them tick. I ended the book this time despising Daisy and respecting Gatsby because at least he is true to his dream to the end and his dream was Daisy. There is a little bit of Gatsby in all of us, as he Nrepresents the dreamer who is dreaming the impossible dream. But, as Nick says at the end, his dream was already behind him and so this is the essence of the tragedy."
"Our book group is reading this for May.  Story started out a bit diffficult to understand, but when Gatsby came into the story, itbeccame interesting and enjoyable"
I read The Great Gatsby at least twenty years ago or more.  I loved it even more than I remembered.  Such drama in lives that had so much potential.....and wasted  .....
"Fiztgerald's The Great Gatsby is the tragedy if not death of the American Dream.  Jay Gatsby longs to become rich and captivate his only love.  It depicts the longing to relive the past intricately yet adds a feeling of  grand admiration for Gatsby.  Gatsby was just a man, surrounded by  attitudes and consequences.  This book only lets the reader admire a  fictional character while leaving him or her without a learned lesson or a  thought to ponder over.  I truly believe the essence of this book is  powerful yet only for the main character not the public.  I recommend this  book to anyone who likes to read of made-up legends and unique characters  but not to the the vivid reader who hopes to find a momentum to retrive  from it and carry in throughout life."
"I'd always imagined the Great Gatsby to be a long novel with complicated language. Instead, I found a quick and engaging read, that left me contemplating the meaning of life and pursuit of happiness in a profound way. I just finished reading a fictional novel that included Fitzgerald living in Paris as a character, and the character expressed the sentiment that it was difficult to start writing another story after Gatsby because the person of Gatsby, while dead in the story, was so real and alive in his mind that he could hardly start imagining a new story and set of characters. I can see why that is the case - Gatsby is such a full-bodied character, while still be shrouded in mystery.The e-book version of this book was a great way to read it."
"I read this after seeing the most current (but not last) remake. I really loved the beauty of the movie. If I'd not seen the movie first, I'd have given up wondering if anything is going to happen. There were scenes in the movie I wanted to see fleshed out in the book to understand the characters better. I got the e-book. One interesting occurrence I found was that readers highlighted passages they liked, up to over 4,500 highlights by readers, but at 42% of the book, the highlights completely dry up. Meaning most readers did not finish this story. I did. Some great passages, but the story is way too thin for the length of the book. F. Scott only sold 20,000 copies of this book and died thinking he was a failure. OK, but I don't know why it's a classic."
"The Great Gatsby is a sharp portrait of the wasteful and thoughtless upper class in the time between the wars.  Fitzgerald's amazing ability with words alone is well worth the read.  It's a slice of history written at a time when a generation of young writers were breaking with American tradition which had been suffused with Edwardian sensibilities, right down to the flowery language in books and the shallow caste system that had existed since the early days of white America.  The novel remains timely because that caste system still exists in somewhat altered form.Other books to read are anything written in Europe by American expats at the time, like Hemingway and all those who were so changed by WWl and influenced by Paris between the wars."
"""The Great Gatsby"" holds a special place in my heart.  Like Daisy Buchanan, I lived for many years in ""East Egg"" (actually Port Washington) on the North Shore of Long Island.  Although I have been gone for a decade, this book can instantly transport me back home.  I make it a point to read it each year in early summer, when I imagine the book begins.One curious thing about the book is that I cannot picture it as anything but a period piece.  By this I mean that, even though Fitzgerald wrote about current events and it was taking place in ""real time"", I cannot imagine it as anything but a melancholy look back on a lost time.  I guess that is a mark of great literature, in that is speaks differently to different audiences and different eras."
"A longer read than usual, however worth the time.  A bit choppy for my taste, but Classic just the same."
"I read this in high school and twenty years later, I still love it. Must read. The perfect weekend read."
One of my favorite books of all time. It's a classic and a great read. It's simple and teachers love it.
"What a great book, a classic that can be read at any time....Fitzgerald style in writing is amazing, a book that is so easy to read and comeplete in one day...Nick builds a great relationship with his neighbour the great Jay Gatsby and they become the best of friends. Gatsby has the best parties in town, and people show at his house with no invitation...Gatsby's love for superficial Daisy is to be admired, he is calm in his ways, but makes sure that things are under control...Nick discovers the hard way what people are made of, how opportunist they are, and how they are driven by money and fame, they make it a point to be next to what they call a ""friend"" in good times, and you don't find any when things start going south..."
"The book is narrated through one mans vision (nick carraway) who himself is involved in the action of the book. Gatsby the American dream falls in love with his long lost love and tries to get her back anyway he can.  Daisey the girl Gatsby  loves, is married to a materialistic husband ,Tom .  In the end ,this book shows you that no matter how much money you have  ,reality can still make life not so great after all.  This book is  intresting ,because one mans  idea of the American dream is soon then  doomed by materialistic things. Gatsby thought by having a lavish life can  bring many wonders and could attract his only love.later he relizes that he  was  wrong.However this is a great book because it's written very well and  I recommend it."
"This is my first read of Fitzgerald’s opus.  I bought it for its literary praise and sudden ascension in popularity with its recent movie adaptation.  As the review’s title suggest, this is about a love story, but not a cheesy chick flick, for it rather delves into the american aristocracy of the early nineties with its utter extravagance, narcissism and egotism.  The plot is interesting as we follow Gatsby’s story from his neighbor's point of view, Nick.  Everything that we are told about Gatsby comes from Nick’s personal encounter with him and what people have told Nick about their encounter with him.Read it for Fitzgerald’s mastery of language, the richness and depth of characters and for the voyage into the aristocratic nineties."
"I loved The Great Gatsby when I first read it in high school English class, and I still love it today. I reread it about once a year, and I never fail to be impressed by F. Scott Fitzgerald's use of language. Quotes like this - ""Can't repeat the past?"" he cried incredulously. ""Why of course you can!"" - are just classic.The Great Gatsby is a story abut Jay Gatsby's quest to track down the girl he loved in his youth, and his inability to come to grips with the path her life has taken in the interim. It also follows narrator Nick Carroway, Gatsby's neighbor for a summer. But most of all it is a story about the American dream - about love, money and ambition - and a slice of life in the 1920s, full of wild parties and glamour and tradgedy."
"When asked what the 'Great American Novel' is, nine times out of ten you'll hear either Twain's Huck Finn or Fitzgerald's Gatsby (one out of ten times you'll hear Kerouac's On the Road). And if this isn't _THE_ Great American Novel, then it comes close to being so. It's a simple story of a love triange. But it is so much more than that. Fitzgerald captures the period of The Jazz Age, and is considered to a certain degree, a social historian, by himself if no one else. What strikes me most about this book is the voice Fitzgerald uses to tell the story. There are a handful of narrators in American fiction whose voice stands out as so good, that it lifts the story above being merely good. Examples are Huck Finn, Holden Caufield, and Nick Carroway."
"Glad I got 'round to reading it after hearing about it for so long, learned several new words as well.."
"This book is great.  I saw the movie in my 20th Century American Literature class last year as well as reading it over the summer for my AP English class.  The two are not even close to being the same.  At first I  didn't know what to think of the book, it was strange and confusing and  then it was romantic.  Over all it was a very emotional book for me.  After  reading the book I did a research project for the book.  I discovered that  this book is so similar to Fitzgerald's life.  He reminded me of each one  of the male characters in some sort of way.  Tom had the affair just as  he(Fitzgerald) did.  Gatsby felt left out at all the infamous parties just  as Fitzgerald did.  This book is definetly worthy of reading!  I suggest it  to all!"
"It is superficial to dismiss the Great Gatsby as a 'period piece', a perfect description of the roaring twenties - but holding little value to the modern reader. Yet, the Great Gatsby is harbor to themes and concepts that transcend its setting, and still can be meaningful to a reader today.  The Great Gatsby analyzes the destructive impacts of society and wealth on  people - certainly, society today has not changed so much that is no longer  damages the psyches of people would get dragged beneath its current. And  today, we must still be believe in the potential for life and dreams - like  Gatsby, a poor boy turned rich because he believed in the orgastic future."
"Overall I really enjoyed the great Gatsby.  Although it seemed a little dull in the first few chapters, The Great Gatsby has a great impact on a reader.  The symbolism and the story contrast with each other perfectly. It  is an exciting heartfelt story that I was hesitant to read at first but I  actually ended up reading most of it in one day, which I think is very  unusual for a student like me.  The Characters in the novel seem almost to  real and the story if followed carefully has an overwhelming amount of  symbolism and meaning. This book really suprised me. Most books really  don't appeal to me I am a very picky person when it comes to reading a good  book and when I was finished The Great Gatsby I was very pleased with it  overall!"
"I am one of the few people who did not have the Great Gatsby on their hs english curriculum. I've always wanted to read it- so when the movie came out this year, I decided it was high time I read the book before seeing the movie. I wanted to understand what all the fuss was about. Well, I'm still trying to figure that out. The Great Gatsby is a depiction of the Jazz Age and all of the opulence from that time. The characters all live in NY and Gatsby is a mysterious man who throws wild parties and is exorbitantly wealthy. The novel is a quick read that takes you on a fictional and historical journey. I think this book may have been a great work of fiction during its time, but I'm really not sure why it's still considered a classic today."
"Loved it! Good, easy read with a big impact. Its not long and will keep you captivates The entire time"
"It keeps you on entranced in an old world of beauty, riches, and poise. It's a must read for everyone!"
"I adore this book and have since first reading it at 12. I find it disheartening reading the reviews here that pan the book because the characters are not ""noble"" or possibly engage in illegal activities to make their money. Hint...we are not supposed to like them. Nobility in novels is done to death at any rate.The book represents the death of a dream. The American dream at that, and I suppose that makes it difficult for some to embrace. Death as inevitable in the face of all of our efforts to reach that green light across the waves, is not a thought most are comfortable with. If you can look life in the eye, without the candycoating, this book is for you."
"I recently read the book ""The Great Gatsby"". The book is the all-american novel for everyone.  The Great Gatsby should not sit on a book shelf. The book is the most esquisit book I have read to date. The book deals with all aspects of love and the trials of life.  ""The Great Gatsby"" Is a text that a person can read a chapter and then leave  it laying there for more than a day.  Since the author is so descriptive, it made me feel like I was in the story. I felt like I was a part of thier lifes.I could refer back to the text and compare my life  with thier life. This book is inspirational to all people including young new writers. The book has to be one of the best books out there. I reconmend this book to everybody."
"Revisiting books in audio format is a great way to become reacquainted with classic books and books read in high school or college. I read a great deal of copy (text) on paper and on a screen most of the business day. Listening to a good book lets my eyes rest.If its been a long time since you've read the Great Gatsby but don't have time to read, this is the format for you. If you haven't read it or listened to it yet, what are you waiting for? You're missing out on a great American classic!I enjoyed this reading of the book. It didn't take too long to get used the voice or the pace. There wasn't any point in which Jake Gyllenhaal's voice was distracting or seemed out of place. The sound quality was good."
"This great and immaculately well-written novel is about a rich guy named Jay Gatsby and the beautiful Daisy Buchanan, who chooses money and security rather than love. I love the thought-provoking ending!!If you wanna know what it was like to be a young carefree person living in the roaring and decadent 1920's America, you must read ""The Great Gatsby."" I think of this book as The Great American Novel. Its enduring popularity is a testament to that fact. Characters like Gatsby and Daisy show us that although fashions, cars, manner of speech, etc change, human nature stays the same, people who are a certain way think and act the same in similar situations.David Rehakauthor of ""Love and Madness"""
"This book may be a bit frustrating to read at first as the writing and character's discussions are very much in the time for which this was written. But stick with it.This is a great book, still relevant today. The book begins beautifully and after awhile I grew frustrated by the actions of some of the characters. This is as it was written to be. The behavior and lack of humanness from the Elite was a bit much to take, although quite realistic at times. The book really examines our choices in life and how some of us stick to them and other change with the wind, looking out for only their best interest. It really does an excellent job in defining the moral character of people, our desires, wishes and beliefs.."
"Finding the famous Robert Redford movie of this story intriging but somewhat confusing, I decided to read the relatively thin novel -- hoping to capture some of the same period glamor and calm.  The book does indeed have much of the same feel as the movie, and provided a welcome Summer distraction.  It also provides a more complete and satisfying version of the story.  I had not realized at the time that this is considered an important piece of American literature.  However it is a charming and well crafted work of art that deserves recognition.  Like several American classics (such as Huckleberry Finn), it evokes a certain period in American in a personal way that a historical reference never could.  Highly recommended."
"This is the version of the American classic that i recommend, either in hardcover or paperback. Reportedly, the artwork was commissioned before the novel was published, and Fitzgerald was so impressed that he wrote the cover into the story. This classic tale of rags to riches still entertains and informs, although it was written 90 years ago, in 1925. Fitzgerald is not only a great storyteller, but he has a beautiful command of the English language. The final words of the novel adorn his tombstone:And so we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.If you have never read this classic or you just want to read it again, this edition is trustworthy and easy to read."
"I don't think there is anything I can say about this book that hasn't already been said and if you're looking to buy it you probably already know enough that my review isn't gong to push you to buy it. However I might be able to convince you to buy this specific publication. Book covers matter a great deal to me and though that may be a superficial thing to judge a book by, it's part of what goes in to my purchases. This edition has great cover art work and the dimensions of it make it so that it can fit in your back pocket just so. Much like older penguin editions of books. Much more aesthetically pleasing then new editions. Would recommend if you are looking for a great looking book to match the great novel inside."
"I'm really not sure what the definition of an ""American Classic"" is, but I know good literature when I read it, and Gatsby is just that.  It's not the most action-packed, event-filled book ever written, but it's  an incredible study of human behavior and chocked to the brim with  excellent mood, symbolism, and atmosphere.  It's the type of book a person  can really sink their teeth into.  The plot and meaning isn't just laid out  for you, but nor does it take a rocket scientist to find. Fitzgerald writes  in an excellent style that is both intelligent and enjoyable, an oft rare  combination that few authors have truly mastered."
"I've read this book at three different stages of my life:  when I was a teen, when I was making the transition into adulthood, and when I had an active social life in part of a club scene.  Each time I read this book it had a different meaning, and I've enjoyed it more as I've aged.  I swear, reading the descriptions of the gossips and drunken flappers was made relevant by my having to deal continuously with their modern counterparts.  As for the book itself, it's a good story, and the ending is especially nice if you like feeling down after reading.  It's a fine book, well worth picking up again when it's no longer ""required"" reading."
This book did not disappoint. I wanted to read it before seeing the movie. However the details surprised me so much that I am not sure the movie will be as effective as the book!
I loved this book.  But not sure why you would pay $4.99 not to mention $8 when it is available for free on sites like feedbooks.  This book is public domain (out of copy write).
"To understand Fitzgerald's (perhaps personal, autobiographical) motives, laid behind in ""The Great Gatsby"", I think, one needs also to consider ""Tender is the night"" and the relationship between Fitzgerald and Zelda (who, if I recall correctly, was from the ""higher circles"", than Fitzgerald himself).In short, I see elements of Zelda not only in Nicole, the heroine of ""Tender is the night"", but also (though somewhat in more abstract way) - in Daisy as well - both of them, being ""careless people"" (see the last line in ""The Great Gatsby"" ) did not appreciate and ultimately betrayed someone, who truly loved them.Likewise, I see elements of Fitzgerald himself in protagonist characters of his both novels (more explicitly in ""Tender is the night"").I see also another angle in ""The Great Gatsby"" - the parallel between protagonist characters (Gatsby) and that one of Willy Loman (in ""Death of the salesman"") - both of them are ""idealistic dreamers"" (though in different economical times and on different social achievement levels).Like Joyce Carol Oats ones said in her essay, which  she wrote about ""Death of the salesman"" - there is little bit of Willy Loman in all of us, Americans (this is not exact quote - sorry)."
"Interesting setting for life in the 1920's and the resulting lifestyle events.  Well pictured characters, interesting plot and perhaps a moral at the end.  Interesting reading."
I like  the era the book was written in however did not like this book. I didn't cAre for the writing  that was all over the  place. From past to present and back and  forth .
"Somehow, I missed this novel in high school, and am glad that it was not crammed down my throat as mandatory reading. The story is narrated by a young man named Nick Carraway, who moves to the fictional Long Island town of West Egg, right next door to the lavish mansion of Jay Gatsby. Through the parties he throws, Gatsby proves to be a man who relishes extravagance, although no one is quite certain where he came from or how he made his fortune. As the narrator is slowly sucked into Gatsby's world of turbulent lavishness, Gatsby tries to show that he is motivated by something much deeper than trinkets, bobbles and shiny things. Fitzgerald's style is fresh even almost a century after it was written, and the themes and relationships he creates are as relevant today as they had been in the roaring twenties. Fitzgerald's dry wit permeates throughout as he uses the novel to criticize certain excesses of a prosperous era. Thorough elements both blunt and subtle, Fitzgerald first paints a glimmering picture that is slowly peeled away to reveal levels of dirty grime underneath. As the story comes together and careens towards its haunting conclusion, the reader begins to question even the appropriateness of the novel's title itself."
"I had to read this book for school.  I enjoyed it very much, and I see how it defined the ""Jazz Age"" so well, but I tend to think this book is overrated.  It is listed as the 2nd best novel of the century according to the Modern Library's List of the Top 100 Books of the Century.  The book  has many good points, but I do believe there are many better books out  there.  I like the characters and how the story is told from the eyes of a  bystander to the happenings, Nick Carraway.  I also admire Fitzgerald's way  with words and his ability to tell a story.  The descriptions of Gatsby's  mansion and parties give a vivid picture of what the 1920's were really  like, and because of this, the book is known as the definitive novel of the  1920's.  The theme of the ""death of the American Dream"" cannot be  underrated, either;  this undoubtedly is a major reason why the book is  rated so high in booklists.  On the bad side, I believe the story takes way  to long to get going.  It only contains 197 pages and nine chapters;  the  first four chapters all contain exposition.  Once the action gets going,  the book is good, but overall, I believe this book, while definitely a  classic, is overrated."
"The book was in perfectly new condition. It got shipped really fast as well. This novel is beautifully written. It's a must read if you enjoy ""loved and lost"" novels."
"I had a very difficult time deciding how many stars to give this book. I am not one who would call this the greatest American novel, as many have done. And although I have read it a couple of times, I don't really like it--it's draw is somewhat like the impulse which leads me to look at an accident I really don't want to see. However, the author accomplished what he set out to do, and for that he deserves a lot of credit.On the negative side, there isn't one character I would like to spend an afternoon with. I found myself repeatedly thinking, ""what a waste of a life"". Neither Tom nor Daisy  demonstrated any compassion, sacrifice, self-control, benevolence, or any other moral sensibility. They are completely self-centered. Gatsby is slightly more sympathetic a character. He is the quintessential American--obsessed with an unrealistic view of romantic love and daydreams of undeserved wealth. I do feel sorry for him, though; he is like a lost little boy who has no idea what to do to be found.In the end, I would recommend this book. It can stimulate a great discussion of the ""American dream,"" wealth, success, consumerism, and values. So read it with a friend and enjoy sharing your thoughts about it."
"The Great Gatsby is a novel of it's time. Like Fitzgerald's contemporary, Hemingway, his book reflects the aimlessness for those in the lost generation. Amidst a dizzying spin of parties and drinking, the true nature of man is unearthed. Through delusions, plotting, and scheming, the chap's in this book reveal that in the wake of world war I, the abandonment of the search of meaning and goodness threw out all the best of humanity. They all live in a pointless amoral world, where nothing new arises except the next party. The novel also shows the great evil and corrupting power of both jealousy and wealth, two of the most dangerous things in the universe. The novel displays the carelessness and indifference that wealth brings while showing how the cancer of jealousy and past desire can manipulate the future into a fantasy world. It also shows the hypocritical nature of those who harp on traditional values as an excuse for injustice and engage in hypocrisy. Ultimately, the Great Gatsby is a tale of a generation that had lost there way in a a dizzying mix of indifference, lust, and greed.This is a fantastic story, when it is read by those who search for it's meaning. Recommended to any reader of the classics."
"I read this book during my sophomore year in High school, and just like any high school student I thought it was boring just from looking at it. However my teacher give stressed the idea of reading this book during the marking period. So I did after the first chapter I was mind blown. Fitzgerald did an phenomenal job building the characters of Daisy and Gatsby. The tragic death of Gatsby at the end was epic. By epic I mean I didn't expect it.Truly after this book I was hooked on and recommend it to any. I do agree with my High school teacher, this book should be mandatory. That academic year we read several other books such as Of mice and men, A race car named desired, Romeo and Juliet, Julius Cesar."
"The book the Great Gatsby was a wonderful book it tells about one mans trouble and stuggle just to be with the women that he loves. Gatsby reinvented himself so that he could win back the heart that belonged to Daisy, who had married Tom Bucchanan when Gatsby left. gatsby thought that if he became rich that maybe he might get her back. Tom himself had not been all too faithful towards Daisy for he had another mistress. a fight explodes leaving Daisy all shoken up and she ends up doing something that Gatsby ends up taking the blame for. The end of the book is very tragic and leaves the one telling the story(Nick)with the loss of a friend,and the hostility of others.Don't miss this book about loss and tragic love."
"it was a good novel...it drew me into its settings, and it had a good plot, with SOME excellent characters, but i couldn't really connect myself with Gatsby, who was arguably the central character.  Daisy's character was a joy to read, and she made me laugh many times.  It is an easy book to get into, and gets into the plot quite quickly, keeping a perfect pace and suspensefulness, which is an art in itself. great to read for the simple pleasure of reading, but i didn't draw anything out of it, and it didnt haunt me like great novels do.  To me it read like a well written magazine article, a pleasure, but not entirely purposeful."
"I have just finished this book and it is a very pleasant read. The 1920's have always intruiged me and this book has made me even more hungry for stuff from this decade. I love Mr. Fitzgerald's method of writing, almost poetic in nature but borderline overly-sentimental (although the Age of Excess as the 20's were deemed may have aided in this extra drama).The way Fitzgerald characterized the rich is also very interesting. From Tom Buchanan to Jordan Baker, these rich social elites are wonderfully crafted with complex personalities. I love it! I also enjoy the the descriptive detail given to each scene...its amazing.Overall..a stunning piece of work that I would readily reccommend."
"I have already read “The Great Gatsby” a few years ago; however, I wanted to reread it before watching the movie, which should be coming out in the next few days.“The Great Gatsby” takes place in the Roaring Twenties, a time of great material prosperity. It delivers an interesting take on the 1920s through a beautifully written prose and an interesting plot. My only quarrel is that some of the characters seemed to exist for the sole reason of advancing the plot. I also felt that even the main characters were not developed enough, at least to my own taste. I can understand, but not fully accept the high esteem, in which people hold this novel. Overall, it’s a well written novel, but not a great one."
"I know I had to read the Great Gatsby when I was in high school.  I dont remember enjoying the book, in fact I couldnt even tell you exactly what it was about till now.  This time around I really loved it.  The Great Gatsby is a story told by Nick, about his neighbor, Jay Gatsby.  Gatsby appears to be a rich, sucessful man, but there are rumors lurking around town about him.  He throws lavish parties and seems to have lots of friends.  Why did he come to this town?  Where did his money come from?  Are these people really his friends?  I really enjoyed this book because F. Scott Fitsgerald's characters may not be the best people, but I loved them anyway and felt that much more sorry for them by the end."
"It has been years since I read this book and I feel as if I was too young and immature to appreciate its beauty at the time I read it before. I am older now and I can fully embrace the novel and all that Fitzgerald hoped to do with it.This is a wonderful book with strong themes and engaging characters (starting with Jay Gatsby himself). It's not difficult to become thoroughly involved in Gatsby's life, his intense love for Daisy and his mysterious upbringing. Importantly, despite its being written many years ago, it perfectly translates to today. With the economic upheavals we are currently experiencing, it's good to have be reminded that money doesn't buy you happiness...and it never will."
"I want to write a review but feel a little overwhelmed. Gastby ... the great. Yeah. That about sums it up. Era writing. Creative plot. Flare and color. Sigh.... Fiztgerald really captures the time period. Since it was his own time, I guess that's not so shocking. The movies always put a bit of their own era into the costumes, make-up, and music, but the book really takes you back in time. Daisy and Gatsby were long lost lovers. She married another man for wealth. He created it to impress her. In the end a tragedy deprives them both. While Gatsby does the heroic thing, Daisy disappoints. That's about all I can say since I don't want to give away any spoilers. The movies have already done enough of that."
"This book was a requirement for an advanced Egnlish class in my Junior year of high school. When I first picked it up I was intrigued, but slightly put off by the organization of the first chapter. It was only after I had finished the book and began to relect on what I had read that I understood why it has become such a classic. This book should be a requirement for anyone taking an English class. Gatsby is guilty of what we all are guilty of at one time or another. Idealism. It was his idolization of Daisy that eventually caused his demise. I would recommend this book for any student who wants a better understanding of classic American literature, or for anyone who wants a book to analyze and discuss."
Love the Great Gatsby! This was a reread. Now ready to check out the Baz Luhrman movie on May 10!
"I've read this book many times over the many years.  This really is the Great American Novel.  It's very short  (really almost a novelette), but is so beautifully crafted--almost like a poem--that it would be hard to imagine it being any longer.  When I first came across this book I decided that Fitzgerald was my favorite author.  That is until I read his other works.  It may just be me, but everything he wrote other this book seems almost unreadable.  How that could be I don't know!  But I found that true also with everything Joseph Heller wrote after his incredibly wonderful ""Catch 22"", so maybe that's just the nature of genius; it only comes in flashes if it comes at all."
"""The Great Gatsby"" is the first book I have read the is worthy of the title ""classic.""  This novel is wordy and at times confusing, but very interesting.  The Cliffs Notes are very helpful and make this story even more interesting.  I didn't feel that I knew the characters, but had feelings about them.  I pitied Gatsby, was annoyed with Daisy, aggravated with Tom, irritated about Jordan, and admired Nick.  Taking place during the Jazz Age, Fitzgerald made it seem The Depression might be welcomed, so it can put people in their places.  I felt that F. Scott Fitzgerald was writing a semi-biography about himself, perhaps unknowingly.  A wonderful read - I recommend."
"What I love about this book, is that not only is it an interesting glimpse into the jazz age, but to a large extent, into our own world of today's class warfare and so it remains relevant reading. It's beautifully written, and is a quick read. It's said that this is perhaps THE great American novel. In that, I would disagree, but I do think it is a great American novel.There has always been a struggle between the old rich and the new rich, and this book touches on that subject in the most perfect of ways, from within a heart wrenching love story. I've not read much of Fitzgerald's work, but after reading this one, it is likely I'll continue to read and explore more of the author."
"""It eluded us then, but that’s no matter—tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther. . . . And then one fine morning—""What can I say about The Great Gatsby that hasn't been said before? I love this novel. The people are flawed. Jay Gatsby's realization of what Daisy has become is tragic. I want to yell at Tom, shake Daisy, tell Nick to do something more. When you can fall into the world of the story and think your voice is loud enough to change the inevitable, you've made something powerful.I'm sure a lot of people will watch the movie when it comes out. Maybe it'll be accurate, maybe it won't. I encourage you to read the book first."
"I really enjoyed the book but in my opinion the first part of the book took off a little bit slowly. The book is too short and you read a good quarter of it till Gatsby is introduced to the story. Of course, he is mentioned often from the desire to create a mysterious character, but only when Gatsby comes along things get exciting. The characters are well developed and the love story is heartbreaking. But Jay even with his issues and bad connections deserved a better lover than Daisy. I liked her easy-going way from the first part of the book when wasn't mentioned yet her affair with Gatsby, but after that her selfish and childish sides surfaced. Anyway, a very good book. Enjoy!"
"As a high school student who read this for english class, I was naturally reluctant to like this book. However, I found that I actually can admire the incredible writing style Fitzgerald demonstrated. While I may not enjoy the plot, it is realistic and brings across the point of the book- to show how many americans had begun to veiw the world. While the bleak ending may not be my cup of tea, it was the way the story had to conclude. A happy ending would not have been a natural ending to the story. The Great Gatsby was one of the first books of its kind. Written in the Ninteen-twenties, it was a cynical and accurate look at american society's increasing preoccupation with wealth."
"I read Fitzgerald's masterpiece in English class last year. Only six weeks after we finished ""The Great Gatsby,"" it was ranked as the second-best English novel of the century, and I wasn't surprised. The book  is concise, with the language for the most part easy to understand so that  it becomes possible to try to find the novel's deeper meanings and  implications. Plus it really helps that I'm a resident of Queens, New York.  Using descriptive clues from the text, I was able to apply the plot to  where I live. For example, the big wasteland that's in the book and which  was supposedly located in Corona includes the area above which Shea Stadium  has since been built."
"When I started reading The Great Gatsby, I wasnt sure what to expect. I thought it would turn out to be a love story that was sappy and boring. However, i found it to be more of an adventure. Following the life of interesting character in Gatsby. Throughout the book I had a tough time of really pinpointing Gatsby's true character and I feel like Fitzgerald did that on purpose. He wanted Gatsby to remain mysterious, making him cool. The ending of The Great Gatsby really threw me off and left me pondering the book for the rest of the day. All in all The Great Gatsby was a very good book that I would reccomend to anyone interested in the 1920's or just looking for a good read."
"The Great Gatsby has been reknowned for some time as one of the greatest pieces of American fiction. And, after reading the short but incredible novel, I will have to agree with this assertion. The story is vivid and colourful, and the narration truly engages the reader and makes him/her feel that s/he is living the story. You will feel the pain of long lost love, the shallowness of the urban-socialite community, and respect and admiration for an incredibly well written novel. The novel is fairly short, which is one of the strengths of the novel, as it is not verbose or overdrawn. Concise and moving, a must read for those who appreciate great prose and situational novels..."
"This is a beautifully written novel about the ""Roaring 20's""  (actually a love story, but there is so much more), or basically a  criticism of the times. Though the novel didn't get very popular until  after Fitzgerald's death, the novel is definately a must-read. There is so  much meaning within the book if you look at it. It is full of different  motifes, for example, the repetition of some colors and the disappearance  of others, the idea of fascades... There is even a good connection between  this novel and Homer's epic Oddyssey, which I won't get into. Anyways,  Fitzgerald's style is fantastic, as is the story - full of intrigue and  criticism of the times."
"This is considered by most to be the great American novel, and rightfully so. There is some immaturity that comes through in the forced density of the metahpors, but they are like pale and faint freckles on the cheek of  Aphrodite, if you will. Fitzgerald manages to keep the significance and  literary integrity of ""The Great Gatsby"" intact, while setting it  in one of the most intriguing, romantic, and dramatic stories in American  literature. Most of the criticism of this book comes from people who don't  look deeply enough into the symbolism of every excruciating detail --  nearly all of which were consciously refined to the point of near  perfection in Fitzgerald's many drafts."
"I was surprised to find that this book was missing the copyright/publishing information usually found on the first page.  I looked on Amazon and determined (after I had already received the book) that it was printed-to-order by Lulu publishing, an online single-copy book publisher.  There printing was low quality:  there were no page numbers, the font was too small (maybe a 9 or 10 pt.) and it has weird formatting.  None of this actually prevented me from reading the book.  I just finished it and enjoyed the writing style and story.  But, the printing style was just annoying.  I will be more careful in the future, when buying paperbacks from Amazon, to only buy from reputable publishers."
"I recently have had some time to sit down and enjoy the book ""The Great Gatsby"" by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Jay Gatsby, a rich man who is very into money, faces many tasks during this 1920's Jazz Age that he lives in. He is in love with a beautiful woman named Daisy Buchman. The two if them end up confessing their true love for each other. This book comes across a lot danger, suspense, love, and friendship scenes. It was a very interesting book that kept my interest all throughout the book, although the start of it was a little bit boring. I would recommend it to people that have read his past novels and to people above the age of 13 or 14 because some concepts are harder to grasp."
"I recently have had some time to sit down and enjoy the book ""The Great Gatsby"" by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Jay Gatsby, a rich man who is very into money, faces many tasks during this 1920's Jazz Age that he lives in. He is in love with a beautiful woman named Daisy Buchman. The two if them end up confessing their true love for each other. This book comes across a lot danger, suspense, love, and friendship scenes. It was a very interesting book that kept my interest all throughout the book, although the start of it was a little bit boring. I would recommend it to people that have read his past novels and to people above the age of 13 or 14 because some concepts are harder to grasp."
"This is a great story well told. I often hear people say that this is the greatest novel ever written. Although I like the book, I think that is taking it a bit far. My suspicion is that it was quite unique when it was first published, and that the style has been copied so many times it now seems more ordinary. The only thing I don't like is that the language in parts is so ""flowery"" that it risks distracting from the story itself, but surely this is a matter of taste. Probably, it now finds its most enthusiastic audience among aspiring writers who want to learn how to spin a great story, and people with general literary interests, but I think most people will find it capturing."
"It's a magical story. Fitzgerald manages to fix East Egg and West Egg as two places worthy of a visit, if only to see the spectacular wealth flowing in these two fictional locations.The characters, including Gatsby (perhaps most of all Gatsby), are empty shells; in pursuit of wind; always looking for the next thing to curb their boredom. It never happens though. They remain bored; they are self-centred thrillseekers who never find out that their pursuits cannot and will not bring them fulfillment.The narrator of the story is the only sensible character. He enshrines Gatsby for some reason, but sees the emptiness of the rest clearly, and it seems to disgust him."
"I have heard many comments and praise about this book, and I had to read  it for myself over a summer to see just how good it was. That first time I  read it, I thought it was extremely boring, and couldn't even get past the  first 8 pages. However, when it was assigned to me in my English class the  following year, I learned how rich it was in it's symbolism and style. It  really made me question where our society is headed in terms of ethics and  materialism. I can see how people who may not totally understand this book  will find it boring and slow, as I had experianced it when I first read it.  However, I recommend it as a ""must read"" for anyone in high  school or above."
"I am an English teacher who is checking classics off my ""guilt list."" I finally got around to The Great Gatsby and I honestly cannot figure out what the fuss is about? Fitzgerald has fun, little social observations that serve as great but brief asides, but the book, as a whole, is dry and lifeless. The characters are all flat and without souls. Since there is no real plot to speak off, this vehicle is character driven. I honestly hated every character who are all are more vapid and insipid than the next. Just a dull and utterly boring book. No wonder it was such a bomb when initially published. Read it to impress your friends if you want, but you sure aren't missing anything."
"I just enetered the 9th grade and, as a requirement, i had to read 4 books over the summer.  After a visit to the book store and a chat with a salesperson i decided on The Bean Trees, Of Mice and Men,  Cold Sassy Tree,  and, The Great Gatsby. As a teenager i am insulted at the thought that  we(teenagers) can't fully appreciate this book and would simply pass it of  as trash and refuse to read it.  I LOVED IT!!! and I have at least 3  friends who agree with me.  We were all able to understand and discuss the  book and found no cause for complaint.  I would read it again in an  instant.  Just because i'm a teenager doesn't make me any less literate  than the next 20 something year old."
"I had wanted to read this book, and finally did so i could help my grandson with a term paper.  The writing featured wonderous descriptions and many words that required me to seek definitions.  I found the plot depressing and the characters shallow.  At first,  first, Da sey seemed quite charming, but soon fell from grace.  Tom, her husband, had no redeeming traits.  Jay Gatsby had the skills and intelligence to become successful, but lacked proper motivation.  The parties lacked the luster of interesting folks mingling although the other ingredients were present for a delightful evening.  I guess this shows you can guild a pig, and give him a full purse, but he will still be a pig."
"The Great Gatsby is a captivating novel depicting the lavish lifestyle of the 1920s. The novel follows, protagonist, Jay Gatsby, through [illegal activity] and high society in his quest to regain a past love. Experience the trials and tribulations when people become absorbed in material possessions, while searching for fulfillment. Fitsgerald's description of society gave a greater understanding to the ""Jazz"" age and the ""glitz"" in wealth during this period in American History. The life of pretending that Jay Gatsby portayed, allowed me to walk away asking myself, ""What truly makes me happy and would I ever be willing to sacrifce true self and honesty for what I desire?"""
"I was pleasantly surprised at this novel.  I had been meaning to read it for many years, and everything I had heard about it left me thinking that it was the great American novel and that Gatsby was a Svengali.  I was surprised at how sympathetic (and rather pathetic) Gatsby turns out to be, I was also pleasantly surprised at the accessibility of the story itself.  The writing however is a complete delight, the first person observations work well and the style is completely captivating and believable.None of the characters are completely sympathetic but nor are they outrageous. Overall an excellent, accessible read. Don't be put off by its `classic' reputation."
"This novel is an extremly remarkable book that has so much to do with devotion and trying to attain a goal that any cheesy romance reader should love it.  Gatsby believed in the green light, and he knew that one day he  would have Daisy, and the symbolism precribing to this is wonderful!  However, it is not mush that you can read without thinking, otherwise it  would be a cheesy romance novel.  If you are involved with the novel you  are reading, it will come to you with a bang, the true meaning leaving a  smile on your face.  Great job by one of the greatest American novelists of  all time!"
"Extremely enjoyable and intrically written novel. Gatsby a self made, yet pretentious, man tries to regain the love he lost. The problem is that he is in love with Daisy, a married woman and extremely shallow. His story is narrated by Nick Carrraway, the only truly virtuous charcter in the novel.Unfortunatley,Gatsby is no match for the old rich and is done-in by Daisy's husband Tom, a brutish oaf who exploits Daisy's shallowness to his own advantage. Gatsby's new wealth is no match for the power of old wealth and the hanger-ons that loved Gatsby's parties could care less about his demise.Fitzgerald's development of characters and plot is truly masterful."
"This is a book that I decided to read when the latest movie came out.  After reading it, I doubt that I will bother seeing the movie--it can't be anywhere near as good as the book.  Although I had occasional confusion as to exactly whether an incident was occurring in the present or the past, and who Nick, the story's narrator, was talking about, I always figured it out as I read on.  The ending was worth every bit of the time it took to get there.  After I finished the book, I just thought to myself, ""WOW!  Unfortunately, you don't always know who your real friends are until it's too late.""  If it isn't already, it should be required reading in high school."
"Gatsby appeared in my senior year as a story told by a teacher and not totally understood by a 17 year old.  Teachers deconstruct a novel like this to the point that students do not have to think nor appreciate the wonder of language.  That is what i rediscovered in reading Fitzgerald's work as an adult... language, beautiful language.  It appeared as ancient script with intense vocabulary and flowing descriptive narratives.  It was wonderful to see something so magically crafted.  The novels I have read over the years and recently do not compare.  It was another time when language mattered and conveyed the wonder of a craft al but lost.Frank Champine"
"The Great Gatsby is a look into the lifestyle of the wealthy summer folks of the 1920s ~ the rich and nouveau riche alike! Wealth, power and decadence set the tone while gossip, parties, sexy relationships and bootleg gin set the pace! Love affairs and a nasty incident complicate the easy living summertime plot and force the characters to confront reality; however, being as self-absorbed as they are, reality do not last long and the characters soon return to their original state of selfishness.In this novel, Fitzgerald captures the lifestyle and mood of the Jazz Era and develops his characters as great examples of the ""beautiful"" people of that era."
"The first time i read this book iwas bored because i didnt fully understand how Fitzgerald conveyed the plot of the story. But now i have read it again with a more mature state of mind I really find it like a soap oprah... there was evidence of gossip that placed a ""umph"" to the supension I had when reading. The love story between Daisy and Gatsby, with Nick and Jordon, Tom and Myrtle, and Daisy too, interuptions not to mention their individual ives, and how FItzgerald cleverly used elements of prose and literary devices, to convey confusion and suspense highlights the fact that this story was well written and will remain one of the best years to come."
"I currently finished reading the novel The Great Gatsby for the first time. I found it to be a novel which opened my eyes and made me realize the kind of society we are living in. With all of the friends Gatsby has, very  few payed respect to him. Is that what society is coming to? Don't get me  wrong, I was extremly confused during the first few chapters of the novel  but don't give up, keep reading. After you have finished the book, go back  to the first few chapters and read through them, everything will tie  together. With a little help from a teacher I was able to appreciate the  novel more. Read it once, twice and then a third time. You won't regret it!"
"The Great Gatsby is truely a well planned novel which has a slow beginning into conflict and reaches it's climax only towards the end. It has a very negative/cynical perspective when thoroughly studied which is not presented  directly to us as readers. The 4 star rating is a biast view on my behalf  because I am a plot driven reader, howevr even though I found the Great  Gatsby hard to read at the beginning, it captured my attention later on . I  would have to say the Great Gatsby is truely a fantastic book which will  apeal to people keen on English Literature or study it at school and are  willing to enjoy it to it's maximim by reading in between the lines."
"I just finished reading The Leopard by G. Lampedusa and was struck by the description of the lavish balls thrown by wealthy Sicilians in the late 1800s amidst the poverty of the locals. The parties of Gatsby were even grander affairs, and all for the sake of winning back the woman he loved. I enjoyed reading this novel for its description of life of the affluent and not so affluent in the 1920s in NY. The story was intriguing and the prose succinct and elegant. It's rare that I finish a book in three days but this one was compelling. I wanted to read this as a prelude to seeing the new film and I am glad I did as it made me appreciate both mediums even more."
"I am hooked on audio books. I have a long commute to and from work everyday and I can't wait to get in the car so I can get back to my audio book of the week. I was so excited at the prospect of listening to Tim Robbins narrating The Great Gatsby, a book I have wanted to read for a long time. I am a third of the way through and am terribly disappointed. This is the first audio book that I am struggling with. I am a huge fan of Tim's on-screen work but he is ""performing"" here and it's distracting. The variations in his voice are irritating as well...I am constantly adjusting the volume. There are other narrations of this classic out there - buy one of those."
"There's two reasons we read this book in English class- Gatsby is perhaps not, as Huckleberry Finn or Lord of the Flies might be, an interesting enough story that we would read it on our own.- But it's important that we do, because Gatsby is a thematically rich and important book to analyze and study, to understand our country and its past.I've read it a few times now, and with each additional read, I remember why I was a little bored the first time though, but how I appreciate this great work of literature more and more with each new read and each new discussion about it."
I got this a for a special class in the novel. It arrived in a timely manner and in perfect shape. The book is a wonderful story.It was made into a movie in 1973 with Robert Redford and Mia Farrow. Good choices for the characters in the book. It will come out again as a remake in summer 2013 with Leonardo DiCaprio. Should be a winner. Read the book first and you will find the movie much more satisfying. Of course the book is taught as a classic in American Literature in thousands of high schools and universities every year. Annual sales now are greater than the total sales during the authors entire lifetime! Nice income for his only daughter I think.
"F. Scott Fitzgerald did with Great Gatsby in literature what Orson Welles did with Citizen Kane in film: he made something sweet and sublime and simple and complex and brilliant.  Fitzgerald effectively describes with a  few words what other authors would squander pages on, and his prose still  manages to be smooth and flowing.  And what's not to understand?  The love,  the murder, the partying?  You can find the same things at your average  weekend kegger.  The difference is, in THe Great Gatsby, Fitzgerald shows  the American people for what they were, and still are today- greedy  excessive, and self-centered.  Which is why Gatsby is still a great novel."
"The story is awfully simple; shallow girl, simple guy, empty people; clever narrator.It seems it requires a simple story to weave and amazingly literated yarn from nothing.Fitzgerald is ""king"" disregarding reading level; relying on fabrication and experience to offer a perfect story, all made up. Two of his turns start to get boring but he catches up very quickly and more than compensates for the slight without which the book could have been about three pages shorter.For style, syntax, concept construction and twice compelling me to Wikipedia, I've seldom read a better book; so I went ahead and read it again, and again."
"""The Great Gatsby"" by F. Scott Fitzgerald is a great novel.  From the beginning the writing grips the reader's attention and maintains interest.  A first person narration from someone searching for something starts telling of Gatsby.  Gatsby is rich, owns a big house, and is well known.  Within the first three pages the narrator has introduced background about himself, told us of Gatsby, and foreshadowed that bad things happen to Gatsby.  The book proceeds as the narrator tells more about himself, Gatsby, and the tragic events that befall Gatsby.  This well written novel keeps the reader interested and wanting to know the outcome; it is great to read."
"Gatsby is a great classic and it is easy to believe this.  It is a story of a very mysterious man, Gatsby.  Gatsby has there's supper fantastic party ion Lon Island Ny.  He appears to have tons of rich friends, or does he?  Is this real or an Illinoisan ?  It is a great story of trying to get to the truth.  Gatsby has always loved Daisy - does she really love him.  It is a great story to learn about the fantasy of thr rich and at the end does it all matter?  Who will really be there for you at the end.  Do people really try to destroy ones life.This is a really great short read.  The entire book is only 180 pages yet it says so much.Pam Hahn"
"I found this book interesting to read even though it was an assigned reading for school. I like this book becuase there was romance, even just a little, and because I liked the characters, Nick and Gatsby. I like when Daisy and Jay Gatsby's past was describes and how he rubbed in Daisy's husband about their romantic past. In the end, I felt sorry for Jay Gatsby because he was killed for a crime he did not commit and he was blamed for this crime by Daisy's husband. I also felt sorry for Jay Gatsy because he tried so hard to win Daisy back and Daisy ends up staying with her husband, even though she knows that her husband put the blame of the murder on Jay"
"The Great Gatsby is the classic American novel; period.  It tells the story of Gatsby, the dreamer, and his fall from the world of fantasy to the world of reality; two worlds that for him were one and the same.  Gatsby stands for the dreamer in all men; that force which we must use yet restrain.  He reminds that while it is imperative to dream, we must live in reality.  This story tells not only of that philosophical message, but of adventures among the rich, and provides a commentary for the society of the Roaring 20's.  No book ever written provides as much insight to human nature as the Great Gatsby, and no book that ever will be written will either."
"I was little bit annoyed by such irony and materialism, I enojyed reading though. I feel sympathy to Gatsby somehow; the only fault of Gatsby is that he loved Daisy. That is it. No matter how he earned his fortune, he died due to Daisy. That is why I think Gatsby is great in some way. His pursuing of the dream, despite its emptiness, is what makes Gatsby 'great'.Some people may argue that Gatsby is NOT great because he earned his fortune in a wrong way. However, no matter whether his way of earning fortune is right or wrong, the result is same: death. Besides, to understand this novel, we need to focus on Gatsby's dream, not Gatsby's past."
"Oh.... so amused by the ""this is soooo boring"" 1 star reviews.My original copy, paperback, that I used in high school and throughout college and now as I read along with first one daughter and then the second, is annotated and highlighted.No. There are no explosions and high speed chases. This is a study in character. The human condition. That which makes us human and not unlike one another. It's about wanton excess and the futile pursuit of what we think others expect of us. It's about hope and longing.Now I do wish I could get this on my Kindle so I can pick it up and read it at any time and save my poor original book the wear and tear..."
"Many of the people who gave this book a bad review  must understand that the more you educate yourself , the more you will appreciate a classic novel.  I suggest that if you don't like this book you should try to read  some scholarly journal articles on it.  You'll be surprised how much  intelligent criticism can increase your understanding of a piece of  literature.  Remember, your high school teacher is just a person with a  bachelor's degree in education.  Don't expect to get too much wisdom out of  them concerning a classic.  Especially since most high school students lack  the focus to address the underlying meanings in a piece of literature."
"Many of the people who gave this book a bad review  must understand that the more you educate yourself , the more you will appreciate a classic novel.  I suggest that if you don't like this book you should try to read  some scholarly journal articles on it.  You'll be surprised how much  intelligent criticism can increase your understanding of a piece of  literature.  Remember, your high school teacher is just a person with a  bachelor's degree in education.  Don't expect to get too much wisdom out of  them concerning a classic.  Especially since most high school students lack  the focus to address the underlying meanings in a piece of literature."
My daughter needed this book for school. She said she enjoyed it and the price was great.
"This novel about betrayal, about hope and about eternal love. Fitzgerald  in his work touched on important human themes. The leitmotif here is the idea that with money you can buy the whole world. And poor Gatsby obviously originally thought so, arranging luxurious evening in his mansion. So he tried to attract attention the girl he met at the dawn of his youth and loved forever. But then he did not knew that with money he opened the way to his own death. As it turned out, all these luxurious parties were the forerunner of the end. Gatsby wanted only simple human happiness. He wanted to find peace and harmony with a woman, but found only death."
"I hadn't reread this book since my freshman year of high school and I'm really glad I did because I discovered that I no longer hate it. In high school I was convinced that this book was awful and had the most depressing ending ever. Now, I appreciate the fluidity if the writing and the beauty f the words and I'm quite the fan.This will go on my shelf as an American classic, a novel that really catches the decadence of a bygone era and captures human faults to a T.As a side note, I saw the new Baz Luhrman adaptation and I am a HUGE fan, I think he captured the book perfectly. Go see it.... After you read the book that is"
"I absolutely love this book.  It's one of my all time favorites, the paradigmatic story of romantic obsession (which, like all true romances, ends in betrayal or death--in this case, both). What raises this romance far above the genre is its profound insights into both human nature and America as an ideal and a culture, and the quality of Fitzgerald's writing: from his masterly employment of literary tropes and his gorgeous prose to his unforgettable characters and evocative descriptions of places and events, Fitgerald's ""The Great Gatsby"" sets unsurpassed standards for great fiction. It has a permanent place on my bookshelves and in my heart."
"After finishing this book I was overall unimpressed with what is claimed to be an ""American Classic"". But wait.... I reread much of the book and analyzed it further; thereby coming to realize how great this book is. This book is written magnificently and the characters (especially Nick) develop throughout the book. Fitzgerald brought the characters to life and his description is very good. The amount of symbolism used is very impressive. This book is definitely a American Classic. Everything that is written in his book has meaning and depth. All of those who enjoy a great read, especially one they can reflect more upon, should read this book."
"The Great Gatsby was my favorite book before I read Life of Pi by Yann Martel, but it still is one of my faves. I love the tale of Daisy Buchanan and her love for the young James Gatz, before he became Jay Gatsby, the lonlely beyond-rich aristocrat who lives nexxt door to Daisy's cousin, Nick Carraway. The ending is truly a tragic event as most of the characters have all been so self-absorbed with their own happiness which includes mass amounts of money. The only true happiness found by the characters is in their money, other than Gatsby and Carraway. I will treasure this edition for my life as it is one of my favorite stories of all time."
"This is a small thought, but GG is more pertinent today than the year of its publishing."
"Gatsby continues to be popular (no doubt even more so with the moving coming this summer) because we all know the characters.  The hero is just that, a hero but he's in love and will do anything to make his girl happy, which in this instance Gatsby thinks is money.  Enter nosy neighbour, add a bad boy, throw them all into the same place at the same time and watch the fireworks. While the formula is a known one, it is F. Scott Fitzgerald's writing that makes the novel worth while. Please, please, please read this BEFORE you see the movie.  It will no doubt be spectacular but all the more so with Fitzgerald's words swimming in your head."
"Much like Demian, by Herman Hesse, the Great Gatsby offers a very human story about a Man torn between the various pressures of life: conformity and individualism, facade and substance.  Nick is a silent narrator, he watches, but he's not completely quiet.  This novel may appear convoluted and confusing, but it is truly pure and honest.  It makes no judgement of morality, grace and sin, nor does it favor idealism or cynicism.  The main character wades through an insane and typical world, and outsider and a member.  A paradoxical romp, The Great Gatsby explodes a realm of utter humanity, a thing few novels accomplish, although many try."
"Great price for what is probably the finest work of literature ever written.  This book will pull you into the twenties in a wonderful way; and it will be with regret that you put this book down.  This book is also amazing in that we get a glimpse into the genius of Fitzgerald, with his command of the English language, his ability to develop complex characters, and his talent for sentence structure that so few in the modern era can come close to imitating.  A great story with twist and turn.  If you are beginning writer, this and the Maltese Falcon are two books you should study.  This is by far the greatest work in American history."
"I thoroughly enjoyed The Great Gatsby and found it a quick and easy read. The themes of The Great Gatsby: wealth, beauty, greed and power mirrored the society of the Roaring Twenties perfectly. I did feel that one or two of the major revelations were dealt with too quickly and that more could have been done with them to add to the narrative. F. Scott Fitzgerald had a unique talent with words making his sentences beautiful and lyrical. I had a very clear picture in my mind of the world in which these characters were set. Also, through accurate, but succinct, descriptions I could imagine what they looked like, how they moved and spoke."
"This book not only tells the story of _The Great Gatsby_, but shows ""Generation X"" what it was like to live in the famous ""Roaring Twenties."" Fitzgerald is a genius and has the best descriptions! Symbolism is prevelant throughout the book, so read carefully! The characters show the shallowness of people, and the idea that money buys everything...even love is hinted at throughout the novel.  A definite must read.  For those who read it at a young age, read it over again, you won't regret it.  I read it sophomore year and I also thought it was a ""soap opera,"" but now _The Great Gatsby_ is my favorite book."
"F. Scott Fitzgeralsssd's The Great Gatsby is a commentary on the human pysche. What reasonable man would host expensive parties for an extended period of time, in the hopes a woman would hear about it and come? Did Gatsby need a shrink? I think so. I know that love will make you do strange things, but after Daisy ran over the woman in the road and insisted on going to her own home instead of Gatsby's, my man should have cut his losses. Gatsby vowed to take the blame for the hit-and-run, waiting in the pool for Daisy to call. Had he not met Daisy as a young man, what would he have lived for? It was sad to see someone's life so empty."
"This book is a great classic and doesn't need another review, but regarless I felt I needed to add my word.I just finished this book and it is the first time I have read it. It is a beautifully created peace of work. Not just the story but his marvelous and brilliant chose of words and sentences. Some of his sentence are simple genious.I read when he created this Book he wanted it to be a piece of art. It is just that.The story leaves you with an unforgettable memory. It is as all great books are, moving. A great read for anyone who loves to read and for writers, it is a must. It will improve your writing.Author, DK."
"This is my first encounter with THE GREAT GATSBY. I read the book because the movie preview intrigued me. And to be honest, someone told me falsities about the plot. But I was surprise and greatly entertained by this short fiction. I only wish we could have been given more insight to the characters and their existence. I feel like I need a follow-up of or character/plot analysis.I own the e-book version and because I did enjoy the story, I purchased a print version as well. I would recommend everyone read this book. There are indeed a lot of 'goings on' I give it four stars because, I feel like I was left wanting more."
"F. Scott Fitzgerald was an absolute genius! He created such a wonderfully rich, complex, and thought-provoking story that will NEVER fail to amaze me --even months after I read it. Sometimes I still find myself thinking about  that story deeper every time!Jay Gatsby, a man who spent the better  years of his life chasing only one dream --his long love, Daisy. He managed  to raise a whole lot of money to buy a large house just to impress this  woman who is now married. Will he win?It's no wonder that this  masterpiece has earned its place as the second best book of the 20th  century. It certainly scores high on my list!"
"An all time classic that was done very well with the '74 Redford movie and almost killed by the DeCaprio attempt at the remake. This is a great piece of literature written in a way books aren't written today. The language used, the style of the prose, the ability of Fitzgerald to capture a time in America while telling us something about ourselves and people brought the characters to life. There's a reason why Fitzgerald was considered a great writer, and like many artists and painters his works grow in stature long after his death. I think this was his masterpiece. I would also place this under the ""must read"" category."
"Many considered ""The Great Gatsby"" the best American novel ever made.  Personally, I think ""To Kill A Mockingbird"" to have that honor.  It is still a timeless classic with an interesting story and intriquing setting and time period.F. Scott Fitzgerald has a knack of creating images within the story that has a subtle symbolism to the story such as the large decaying billboard with the spectacles.  You get the imagery and feeling that the spectacles are watching your every move.Well- written book on an interesting time period.JR FelisildaAuthor of the book, ""Nanay: Lessons From a Mother"""
"Who was it who advised writers to get rid of as many adjectives as they could in their manuscripts, and then reread the `mani' to get rid of some more? Wrong. Wrong. Wrong...as The Great Gatsby fashionably luxuriates. Had it not been for the gratuitous liberties taken to moderate a colloquial tale of adultery & romance turned tragic, this one would have read as held up and prosaic as Nick & Gatsby.Normally I don't care for sarcasm, particularly not in these extravagant quantities, but for this one an exception had to be made. To a stuttering mumbling degree the way The Great Gatsby is told is most intriguing and fixating."
Book was in very poor condition and underlined throughout the text. Spoilt my reading.
"The Great Gatsby crosses time as it depicts the careless indulgence that is embedded in our culture. There is a Tom, Daisy and a Gatsby in all our lives. Fitzgerald immortalizes America through his novel. We feel the  struggle for independence, love, respect and acceptance that people of all  cultures come to achieve in this country. We learn that we, those born and  raised in this country must aslo struggle for these. Most importantly,  though Fitzgerald brings us Gatsby. Through Nick's eyes our own soul begins  to search, and we find that within each and every one of us there is a  little of the vulnerable, mythical Gatsby."
I wanted to start reading this book because I kept hearing about how good it was and all. And sure enough after reading it I thought it was more than great it was awsome! The characters are so real and unique. And its very exciting to read at well. I thought that last few pages of the book were so beutifuly wrriten. The ending is very sad and I just dont know what kind of mind would write something like that. But it was a really great book. After reading it I went out and rented Robert Redfords version of the movie. I found that the book was much better than the movie as most of you other reviewers say and it is very true.
"I remember really enjoying this book in high school, but now reading it again six years later, I enjoy it even more! Fitzgerald's prose is absolutely beautiful and I found myself highlighting several parts that were exceptionally brilliant (don't worry, the highlighting was on my Kindle). I could barely put the book down, and I hadn't realized how much essence of the story I missed while I was in high school. Definitely worth a read or two, as it is not only a great representation of the way writing should be, but also an enthralling account of fiction. (Besides... you should read it before the movie comes out in May :))"
"I wanted so much to love this book but I just didn't. I found that it started off well, shrouded in mystery, and I wanted to read more. However by the time the book climaxed and hit its vital scene, I really didn't care much anymore. Don't get me wrong, Fitzgerald depicts Nick Carraway's mind (his ability to understand the human condition)so very well but there needed to be something more.Fitzgerald does describe things in a delectably visual way but the book falls flat for me. I got the symbolism and what not but shouldn't one at least care about the character that the book is named after? I simply was not moved."
"I first read this novel in high school.  I found it slow, the characterizations fuzzy, and the plot uninvolving.  Recently, I came across a copy that my stepdaughter had been required to read in high school.  I decided to try it again.It is, of course, quite wonderful.  Magical, Keatsian prose; masterful management of a complex narrative structure: wonderful impressionistic characterizations (The women are especially vivid.)  If you read it in high school and were underwhelmed, I suggest that you give it another try.Incidentally, my stepdaughter didn't like it either--but I think she might in twenty years!"
"I thought getting a hardcover book would be better quality but I was wrong. If you remove the front cover, the book itself is made of very cheap material and doesn't look very good (it's shades of gray and black with no writing on the front or back).But my biggest concern -- and why I'm writing this review -- is that the printing is terrible. On almost every page, there's lines where all the letters are warped size-ways or a different size, usually smaller. It's obviously legible, it's just annoying and not worth the money, in my opinion.I would spend the extra money and get a different copy."
"I never had a chance to read this when I was in High School, so I felt compelled to see all the accolades for this book.  I enjoyed the book but I did not like any of the characters.  They all seemed flawed and too sophisticated.  To best describe this book is the pursuit of The American Dream.  Wanting what you cannot have and ultimately being destroyed by it.  I take the Great Gatsby as a cautionary tale of focusing on your abilities living in reality and not in a dream world.  The book clearly attempted to make clear of the pitfalls and moral deficient of high society.  I highly recommend it as a Classic story."
"I had a psych professor that once labelled Fitzgerald as ""the best writer-about-nothing,"" which I'd say sums up this book pretty well. The writing is striking and sticks with you, but the story itself isn't truly about anything, if that makes sense. It's a bit like the movie Metropolitan, if you add a super creepy suspense element that haunts you throughout the majority of the book and pushes you to keep turning pages. Even the plot twists though don't feel like really heart-stopping surprises, but it's an excellent book because of that spooky underbelly on the lightness of the actual dialogue and action."
"Gatsby is one of the most beautifully written novels I have had the pleasure of reading. The sentence structure and grammar are simply breath taking and poignant. I found myself reading and re-reading sentences. Just inspiring!!Besides the amazing language used, the story itself is so relevant. The American Dream... making a name for yourself, chasing money, morality, relationships, good and evil - it's all there in Gatsby and still in our society today. The quintessential American Novel, The Great Gatsby should be read by all. A true classic and mesmerizing book that will not disappoint on any level."
"I am not surprised that this book falls into the category of one of the greats of American literature.  The eloquence with which Fitzgerald writes with is somewhat rare, however the story would not have worked had he not.  I was required to read the novel for my English class, and although I  despise analysing literature I found the story impossible to understand  without analysing it.  It's a plot that you don't get engrossed in, but one  that you eventually want to know the outcome. Recommend it to anyone?  Yes.  It's worth the read.  Rave about it?  No.  It's not worth arguing if you  meet some opposition."
"A good book is one that you don't want to put down; a great book is one that you pick up over and over and re-read year after year. This is just such a book. I believe I first read this when I was 17 or 18 years old. The characters were so real to me that I was sure I had known them in another life!Fitzgerald was an amazing writer and his characters possessed the good and bad traits we encounter daily; in other words, they are real people with both good and bad.The highest praise I can give any author is that I read their books over and over; this is one that I never feel is wasted time."
"I had to read this book back in high school but my possible liking of the book was deferred when my English course had to keep analyzing the heck out of it. I decided to re-read, as everyone knows the movie will be coming out soon and having to not watched any Great Gatsby films in my life.  I still struggled finding a connection with the characters and got tripped up with some of the symbolism throughout most of the story.  However, not taking anything away from Fitzgerald's writing style because it is nicely written.  As I said it's a likeable read but I don't give it as much literary clout as many have done."
"A short book, a simple story, but Fitzgerald does things with the English language that few human beings have ever been able to do.  This novel floats ethereally through the mind and settles in a place where it refuses to be dislodged.  It is a pity that it is on almost every high school reading list because it is worth much more than the simple distaste that comes from most required reading. And what might be simple can also be classic. This is one of those books that resonates stronger and stronger with each succesive re-read.  The movie (despite Robert Redford's presence) does the book absolutely no justice."
"My girlfriend told me to buy and read this book because it is one of her top 3 all time favorites, and if have to agree that it is a fantastic and interesting read.But when it comes to the physical book itself, I was rather disappointed. It was bound rather poorly, the back cover was cut too short width wise, and it's over all, rather flimsy.The pages are secured well, but it just looks like too much glue was used when securing all the pieces together. Mostly aesthetic issues, clearly the effects of mass market production. I now feel that I should have gone with the movie edition print."
"Enthralling! I first read this book in high school. It was required reading. Am I glad it was! Once I began reading, I couldn't let go, so I stayed with it far into the night. Since then I have kept my hard-bound copy, and I feel compelled to delve into it once a year or so. I'm always newly amazed at how GOOD a story it is! The Great Gatsby is a stunning novel, with believable characters, wonderfully haunting descriptions of time and place, and a a fascinating plot with a shattering ending. Once you read it, you don't forget it.PS: The film starring Robert Redford, Mia Farrow and Bruce Dern was great, too."
"I chose this book on a whim and it turned out to be a great choice. A co-worker had told me she didn't like it because of how descriptive the writer is. That alone intrigued me even more to begin reading this.The way Fitzgerald writes puts you directly in the scene. I understood how the characters were feeling, and why they were feeling that way. I loved all the characters and how they all leave an impression on you as if it were people you know.I think if a character can leave their mark on you then the writer has accomplished some great feat. Highly recommend this book to anyone and everyone."
THE BOOK IS VERY DETAILED AND VERY VIVID.  I FELT LIKE I WAS THERE WITH GATSBY.  I IMAGINED MYSELF AT ONE OF HIS PARTIES AND I FELT I WAS HAVING FUN WITH EVERYBODY THERE.  GATSBY THREW SOME OF THE BEST PARTIES BECAUSE HE  COULD AFFORD IT.  I FELT REALLY BAD FOR GATSBY BECAUSE HE WAS ALL ALONE.  THE BOOK MADE FEEL LIKE I KNEW GATSBY.  I COULD NOT STOP READING BECAUSE I  WANTED TO KNOW WHAT  WAS GOING TO HAPPEN NEXT.  I THOUGHT THE ENDING WAS  REALLY SAD WHEN ONLY THREE PEOPLE OTHER THAN  HIS SERVANTS ATTENDED HIS  FUNERAL. I THOUGHT OVERALL THIS BOOK WAS GREAT.  I WILL RECOMMEND IT TO  FRIENDS AND FAMILY.
"An exquisite short read and probably Fitzgerald's best. Gatsby's love for Daisy has lasted for five long years since their last goodbye for the war.  Daisy married Tom and had a child, but Gatsby has never forgotten his love for her.  After purchasing a palatial home across the bay from hers, he begins to throw lavish parties. The inevitable occurs  and a summer affair ensues. The book of course, ends with all the excitement and spellbinding shocks of a great book. Fitzgerald leads the reader on an unforgetable, exciting story in this now classic with a  look at life among the Long Island rich after WWI."
First off i'm probablly one of the least likely individuals that you would think would read this. I read this the summer before my freshman year of high school. I figured it would be easy since it's under 200 pages but I couldn't really apprecitate all of the literary genius used throughout the book. When I read it I really felt like I was living in the Jazz age and all the characters are distinictly different. This book really captures the spirit of America during this time period. This is one of my top favortie books and F. Scott Fitzgerald's greatest work. If you're considering reading it READ IT
"This book interestingly enough tied right into F.Scott's real life story with his wife Zelda.  He does such a great job explaining his version of the American dream, or nightmare if you will.  His depiction of the roaring  20's and materialism left me a great catharsis of anger but also of  sympathy towards Jay Gatsby.  The whole novel ties into one idea and never  leaves it for one moment.  Even the words F.Scott used were ""full of  money"" This book is almost like a commentary on the american people of  that era and also the American Dream deferred. Great book, one of  Fitzgerald's best."
"To be honest, The Great Gatsby by Fitzgerald was the best of all of the classic novels I was obligated to read during high school.  Gatsby sports an english accent which is splendid in its own right.  Although written in 1922, this book is very far ahead of its time as today, many Yale grads decide to go into high finance similar to Nick's decision to learn about the bond business in New York. The novel shows young, impressionable high school students that hard work and a little elbow greece can put you anywhere you want to be in life, even if that position is into the higher echelons of society."
"Time, love and dreams are what give value to life,  and in The Great Gatsby F. Scott Fitzgerald shows us the truth of this statement as if it were frozen in a crystal. Without doubt this book has more depth and  expresses more of life in one moment than many novelists capture in entire  works. The dream of love that Gatsby lives for reveals so much about life  that it motivates thought about what we ourselves value. Set against a  background of glitter and sophistication in the 1920s this work is at once  fresh but forever a classic. I can't impart the emphasise that says you  should read this."
"I reread this recently and loved it so much more than when I had to read it in high school. Fitzgerald's humor is so much more subtle than most humor writer's today and the funny lines are tucked between such beautifully crafted prose. The story is so simple - basically just describes a few parties at a mysterious Gatsby's mansion - but the humor and just enough foreshadowing keep you wanting to move forward. His observations of the young rich would fit in almost perfectly today. Inspired me to get back to writing my own book!By Jaimal Yogis, author of Saltwater Buddha"
"The book is an American Classic, although my title most likely is not.  I haven't even read any of the other reviews, but I would wager a large sum of money that at least one, if not serveral, contains the words American and classic.I have struggled long and hard and write a review for my all-time favorite book.  I just never felt that I could do it justice.  I doubt anyone really can.  Part of the reason why I feel that this book is the American Classic is because it elevates American Literature to a level that few other novels can bring it.Just read the book and avoid the movie."
"What I love most about the Great Gatsby is how it depicts what the 1920's were like.  It gives you a taste of what it would be like to live back then  and how society functioned.  It brought together the 2 worlds of Gatsby and Daisy and George and Myrtle and showed how much they contrasted.  Fitzgerald really does a great job of installing images into your head of what different scenes looked like-especially the huge parties Gatsby would have at his house.  I really liked the story itself although it could be seen as depressing.  Oh well, I guess all stories can't always have a happy ending!!"
Book came quickly but did not come with the cover shown in the picture
"After spending the summer of 1922 on Long Island, making friends and having a good time, Nick Callaway became a changed person. His perception of people in general and the distortions and corruption of society gave him an entire new perspective of life and what really matters in it. Nick lived an entire summer with a false impression of the people around him, and it was only until numerous deaths that everyone’s true intentions began to show. At the end, Nick, disgusted and dismayed, leaves the East Egg, which he finds no longer attractive and moves West, never to see his “friends” again."
"A rich man, a middle class man, a tennis player, an adulterist, a confused freeloader of a wife, and story that involves them all in a toned down but twisted sort of way. At first glance this book seems to revolve around a love interest between Nick,(Our middle class man) and Daisy, (Our tennis player) while Gatsby (the extremely wealthy man) is our third party who's  fancy parties help them together. But slowly this novel turns, and sends the reader into a situation where Nick Carraway is a third party in the Great Gatsby's life, and a love situation that will have the reader hooked....."
"The StoryWealthy Jay Gatsby, love for Daisy Buchanan and parties on Long Island is the setting. The story is told through the eyes of a neighbor, Nick. The Great Gatsby is one of the great classics.My ThoughtsIn my eyes, a story is great when it stays with me after I’ve read the last page. The Great Gatsby will haunt me for a long time. I loved the simple style, the raw human element and point of view.Gatsby had a love/hate relationship, as did other characters within the book. I’ve heard people that read this book over and over again – I can understand why."
"I have read reviews in which people said they didn't care enough about the story. I, however, found it enthralling from start to finish. Fitzgerald has a gift for writing. He really does. Nick Carraway, the first person narrator, describes his surroundings so well that you immediately have a picture of what's going on. The story builds up and develops characters, and keeps the strong characterization completely through the novel. There are a number of quotes from this classic that are very well-known, but reading the entire novel is better than that. This novel is magnificently written."
"So much has been said about the book, The Great Gatsby, but since this is the audio book and features a fine narrator, Tim Robbins, I'll focus on that.  He's amazing--not just in having many fun, interesting, and convincing voices for all the characters, but also in truly contributing to the beauty of the words.  He brings perfect pauses, whispers, off-handedness and then deliberateness; it's delightful.  It's possible that I appreciated the book more because I'm older now, but I think possibly that this gifted reading of it is why I liked The Great Gatsby even better this time around."
"In my hopeless clamour to read every classic book every, I most recently managed to get around to F. Scott Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby. On the surface a tale of an affair among the rich, the message underneath the novel's pretty standard story is that money can't buy happiness. There is a sad and beautiful portrait of humanity, manners, love, and bullshit in the book's few pages, and the more I think about it, the more I realise how great a book it really is. Ice it with Fitzgerald's beautiful knack for phrase and you have a hell of a read. Never thrilling, but perennially charming."
"Having lived in St. Paul on the city's wealthiest avenue, Summit Avenue.  The ghost of Fitzgerald was everywhere and nowhere.  No one wanted to talk about ""him"".  Everyone knew who he was writing about and it didn't go over well at all with the local elite.  Even to this day, the wealthy park their expensive cars behind their mansions.  I finally read the book and loved it so much I read it again.  I recognized the characters because I've worked with or met people just like them:  We're just playthings for the rich.  Truly deserves to be the greatest novel of the 20th century."
"I really enjoyed this book- I wish that there would be more to this book! I really enjoyed the thoughtful aspect of this book. Some parts I had to reread several times, but I didn't mind it because it lead me to think on a deeper level and understand this book in a different way. As a classic, a reader cannot simply not read this book. I particularly liked this on the kindle/ereader, because I could immediately have a word defined by highlighting it (trust me, this book has an extensive vocabulary!). So, I would also recommend reading it on an e-reader also. Just read it, old sport."
"Reading this book for the first time in more than 50 years,I did not experience a ""visit to an old friend"" that I had expected. I tried to read it casually which did not work. I intend to immediately begin to reread this book with more care, and will review it again when I have paid better attention to it. This is a book I have long wanted to discuss with an old friend who really is into the American Classics, and she has even taken college classes on F Scott Fitzgerald I don't know that I could get that deep, but I must have some understanding of it beyond characters I would think."
"It is very difficult for me to understand why the average rating given The Great Gatsby by reviewers isn't five stars. In my view this is one of the greatest novels ever written -- perhaps even THE great American novel. This book is so well written that it would be a pleasure to read even if it didn't have a plot. But it does have a plot -- one that is both well constructed and quintessentially American -- as well as characters so well-developed one feels that one knows them. If you haven't read the Great Gatsby yet, please do so -- and find out how good truly great writing can be."
"I've seen the movie. Part of the classic and whole of the remake of 2012. It is sad, serious, funny all at the same time. Before I started I thought that I was gonna hate it as we started in my English class I thought it was going to be a boring book. So I misjudged by assumption of this book. Turns out this is a really good book.  I recommend this book to any English class in high school. Or watch the movie in your U.S. history class because it has something to  do with the 1920's. And some schools go through that era in history. This was a very good book. I enjoyef it."
"Fitzgerald makes great use of color as symbolism in this book, particularly in the ironic use of the color white which represents innocence.  It is to be noted, however, that if I hadn't had to do an assignment on the use of color in the book, I may not have noticed.As far as the story goes, I could not like any of the characters, nor could I understand their motivations behind any of their actions.  I found myself questioning why they were willing to do so much for a woman who wasn't in the least bit interesting at all.  This generally made it a read that I dreaded."
"1.5 starsThe Great Gatsby - I don't get it. That is basically my review. I don't get why this is such a classic, why people seem to love it so much, really I just don't get it. It is just a bunch of rich people in the 20's having parties and their nonsensical conversations. Throw in the fact that everyone cheats on each other and you have The Great Gatsby. There is very little actual plot and it is just this random hodge podge of conversations. I found it very hard to pay attention to what I was reading. I kept having to go back and re-read as I found I just read a few pages and could not tell you what happened. Then I would re-read it and think oh, well nothing really happened so no worries. Then I also would also go back and re-read parts as I was always feeling like I was missing something. It was just a strange read for me. Little character development, little plot development, really little plot and yet it is a classic. I haven't seen the movie yet, but I do think it will be way better than the book. I mean it has to have a more developed storyline than the book does right? We shall see.The book starts off with our narrator Nick moving in next door to Gatsby. He also has a married cousin, Daisy, who lives nearby. The first 3/4 of the book I feel like nothing really happened. I kept thinking why am I reading this? Why do people love this book so much? Then we get to the last bit and a few things happened, but I didn't really care. I didn't care about any of the characters as they were all so over the top ridiculous rich people that it was just hard to connect with. That and you didn't really get to know them at all so they are just random people.Before I read this I remember hearing it is this great love story. That to me is the most head scratching thing of all. I don't see how this is a love story. The characters were just cheating on each other which even if they would have been developed more so I connected with them, even if there would have been more of a story here, that wouldn't be a great love story for me. A very strange read and I just don't understand what so many people see in this book that makes it such a classic. Oh well, I guess I don't have to get it. It is just not for me.This review was originally posted to Jen in Bookland"
"I had heard from a lot people that this book was amazing and spectacular, it was those high recommendations that raised my expectations. Sadly theme book did not licensing those expectations, it seemed as though Fitzgerald indirectly characterized Mr. Gatsby through the descriptions of the other characters, and when we finally meet Gatsby himself it's rather anticlimactic. In my opinion the book was more focused  on the lives of everyone else (i.e., Jordan Baker, Nick, Daisy, George) rather on Gatsbys life. I was very disappointed in this book, I expected more from it."
"As readers of my reviews know, I rarely bother to make comments about classics.  However, I recently read an interview with Jill Abramson, the executive editor of The New York Times.  She commented that her ""favorite occupation"" is rereading The Great Gatsby every year.  I haven't read Fitzgerald in probably 20 years, but I was inspired to read this again.  I was amazed to be reminded how magnificent this book is.  Simultaneously of its time and timeless, it is a masterpiece of prose style.  I may not reread it every year, but I will read it many times again, I'm sure."
"This book is a beautiful masterpiece. Fitzgerald gleefully dances the line between prose and poetry in an intriguing and delightful manner. He creates a collage of the human condition: love, romance, hatred, kindness, evil, deceit, loneliness, emptiness. The book also has great humor, unforgettable characters and an interesting plot. It's real miracle though is Fitzgerald's unassailable command of the English language. If you buy it in kindle form don't buy the cheaper version. It's words are broken up and all over the page. It will drive you crazy trying to read it."
"I had never read TGG, but on advice of my sage and literary friend Alice, finally did.  I cannot bear bad writing or even adequate writing, and even stopped reading for a while.  But this little classic is just beautifully written and just took me away from the first sentence.  Fitzgerald plunges you into this glittery world; smells, sounds, tastes, all your senses awake.  We get to know Nick, Gatsby, and the fatal Daisy through Nick's clear and sometimes ironic eyes, and find them fascinating.  This book deserves all the critical kudos it has enjoyed over the years."
"I just do not understand why this is such a rage.  A poor guy grows up in a dysfunctional family, falls for a rich girl, goes to war, comes back and gets rich with a not so honored profession and then tries to win back the rich girl who married while he was out of the country on active duty.  She is content with having an affair since her husband is doing the same. Soldier boy wants the wife, home and family.  He loses his life because of a tragic mistaken identity due to the affair of the pursued girl's husband.  So, why is this such a great story? Sad, Unfortunate,"
"Holden was right-- Fitzgerald would have been a great person to have around. I devoured the book...the way words were unfolded made me wish I had written them myself. It may strike some people as a what's-the-point  book, but I think it possesses great intensity, not to mention it's plain  fun to read. A tragedy that is melancholy but funny; light but insightful;  and most of all, I think it's about something we all can relate to:  unreciprocated, almost delusional kind of love that in the end, whether  rightly or wrongly,  robs life of all its purpose and vitality."
"The Great Gatsby is honestly my favorite book of all time.  Fitzgerald really displays the twenty's like no other can.  Will you be able to figure out where Jay Gatsby's money comes from?  Will Gatsby steal Daisy away from her wealthy husband Tom?  Will narrator Nick Carraway ever really ""fit in"" will the East Eggers?  And most importantly, will anyone ever figure out who's throwing this PARTY!? Believe me, finding out the answers to these questions is very exciting, and once you start picking up on Fitzgerald's symbolism, you won't be able to put it down!"
"This is a story of discovery about life for Nick, the narrator, as well as the account of the rise and fall of the glamorous Jay Gatsby. It reads something like Robert Penn Warren's ""All the King' s Men"" , in that an introspective narrator learns an indelible lesson from observing and interacting with a character that seems, at least for a while, to be larger than life. In the process, we the readers can share in Nick' s discoveries about himself and about what in life is real and what is manufactured.The whole thing is more than just a story, because the writing is at times so perfectly and poetically expressed. It is this last quality that makes ""Gatsby"" stick with you. As with Shakespeare, a simple story that would be a melodrama in lesser hands becomes an everlasting memory when it is told so masterfully."
"Gatsby's tale of love and life, the possibility of the moment realized and the crushing emptiness of a dream lost is so compelling that it continues to speak profoundly about the volatile experience of being both human and American in a world that is increasingly doing its level best to lure us away from the simpler selves we mean to inhabit. There are other themes and topics in Gatsby: greed, corruption, the Jazz Age, the American Dream gone sadly off course. But the compelling message of Gatsby is the romanticism within us all - that there is an incorruptible truth out there somewhere, if only we can maintain the focus to seek it out and the courage to embrace it when we stumble across its path. To read Gatsby is to rediscover the lyricism of the English language, enjoy a good story and be admonished to stay true to our dreams"
"This is a haunting story - leaving lingering and ghostly images of the sad, if not pathetic lives of the rich and pointless souls who feast on wealth, like jackals which host on the rich flesh of others, and who, in the end, show a level of morality, integrity and humanity which befits something other than the true merits of mankind. It is a story about corruption, greed and the eventual and ultimate transmutation of the soul into the hands of a pandering god of lust. The Great Gatsby is a reminder to us all that real happiness has absolutely nothing to do with wealth, and that even in the sad and dismal death of Gatsby himself, we are reminded that the only true value in his life was that ephemeral dream for which he lived to fulfil and to which he was irrevocably loyal even though it still evaded him to his last dying breath."
"Quite simply,  ""The Great Gatsby"" is F. Scott Fitzgerald's tour de force.It ranks among the most literate works of the twentieth century.This story of the man who reinvents himself to win the woman he loves is multi-layered and laced with analogy upon analogy.It is more than just a love story. ""The Great Gatsby"" is an indictment of the Jazz Age, new money and the shallow and selfish excesses that often accompany it.Jay Gatsby is a true mystery man.Even by novel's end he remains a shadowy figure lacking in substance or apparent texture.He is as much a mystery to the reader as he is to his associates and neighbours in the East Egg social set.Despite its numerous sub-texts, The Great Gatsby is ultimately a warning that, try as we may, we will never escape our pasts and that who we were is who we are."
"F. Scott Fitzgerald, the GREAT GATSBY is a traditional classic.  I give the book two thumbs up.  The book is about a wealthy, lonely bachelor, who will not rest until he gets the love of his life.  The book has a sad  ending, but I will leave that for you to read about.  The author  brilliantly shows how being wealthy doesn't necessarily make you happy.  Wealth can bring about isolation, and lonliness.  The morality of the story  refects very heavily on society today.  People are always criticizing the  wealthy instead of congratulating them for their accomplishments.  This  book gives great insight on the ""snobby"" rich, and the ""down  to earth"" rich individuals.  Once again I highly recommend this novel  and I really hope you like it.  And if you don't like it, then I don't know  whats wrong with you."
"I've been hearing abut The Great Gatsby for a long time. This book is always among the first to be discussed during book club meetings and must be required reading in college. well, let me be the first to say it lived up to all the hype. Fitzgerald adroitly and masterfully weaves a story about love, sex, infidelity, and unfulfilled dreams into a timeless epic that'll never be forgotten. Fitzgerald uses first-person POV and with that unleashes a flood gate of suspicion that the story is in fact an autobiography. However, Fitzgerald must've been suffering from split personality because it is clear to anyone who has read about his life that, not only is the narrator a mirror of Fitzgerald's life, Gatsby himself is also. It is a fascinating read and i highly recommend it to any writer who wishes to see how the masters did it."
"Great read. Quick and loaded with deeper meaning. Truly a classic of love, money, and point of view.  A must read."
"Written in the most poetic of prose styles, F. Scott. Fitzgerald's Great Gatsby is a most stirring novel. Every time after reading this book, I become lost in a trance, and only after navigating out of the Fitzgerald created haze, can I begin to examine his intent. There is nothing complex about this book, indeed his comment on the American Dream is straight-forward and easy to identify. Though this acknowledgement, for me, can only be truly realised on the completion and reflection of the work. Largely because Fitzgerald intices the reader to meet his characters, to feel the suffering and alienation of Gatsby, the ordinariness of Nick, and to be pushed slowly and gently by the rich current and bueaty of flow of his words.A most moving book, that despite it's obviousness transcends to something more sublime."
"Need I say more? It seems inane to review The Great Gatsby because of its proverbial timelessness and consistent crowd of faithful readers, especially at my age and lack of literary experience, but it also seems blasphemous not to pay homage to Fitzgerald by indulging in his brillant novel. He intertwines the moral value of the rich vs. the poor in the early 1920's, and the general thematic virtues of life in an exceptional storyline. Fitzgerald tactfully constructs the plot throughout the majority of the novel, resulting in a crescendo of clashing characters and settings, but then slowly extinguishes the tension with a calming resolution. Several literary philosophies/movements are threaded throughout and it is an extraordinary read. I suggest it to anyone who likes classic literature or just books in general."
"One of the greats in literature, Fitzgerald achieved this status with his compact, weighty—and sometimes abrupt style of disclosing details and situations to heat things up.  It would be a top recommendation for anyone wanting to know what the roaring 20’s in the US were like.  I just can’t get over how connected the main two male characters are in this story, even though they are adults.  The admiration of one of the characters toward the other is of especial interest as the story unravels to a dramatic conclusion.I would recommend this product along with Sirens of Morning Light by Benjamin Anderson, a quest for a man in Iowa to regain his identity, which becomes entangled with people who claim to have known him when he discovers he is a scientific experiment.  Make sure not to miss either book."
"It is Mr. Fitzgerlad's great misfortune to find that his acknowledgement as one of this young country's few authentic literary masters should be to have his work forced upon millions of the nation's TV reared, comic  book-glutted High School students. Wholly unprepared to see the author's  work in a cultural or artistic context (for to do that they would have had  to read legitimate novels in the past), they doubtless rush for the Cliffs  notes or else plagiarize reviews in abetting encyclopaedias for their sham  book reports.  This sacrilege is as nothing, though, when compared to  the frustrating denunciations of ""right-thinking"" young people  who, ignorant of changing historical and cultural trends, can't understand  why Fitzgerald had his characters express themselves as people really spoke  and NOT according to the politically correct scripts that are so common  nowadays in the hangover after the nightmare illusion of Free Speech."
"I would grant four stars to the book ""The Great Gatsby"", since in my opinion, the book was good and very amusing in some parts, but at the same time very boring in others.  I would recommend this book to a specific group of people, because I believe that this book is not one that any person can read, because other individual's help is required to understand some parts. The book in my opinion was not entertaining in its first parts, when the characters are introduced and you begin to know each one of the lives of the different main characters.  When I could overtake half of it, my opinion towards the book started changing, because as the different events started to be introduced in the story, I began to involve myself more and more with the book.  Finally, when I reached the end, which from my point of view, is the most interesting part, I realised that it was a good book to read, but if I had the opportunity of reading it again, I would not do so."
A little slow but worth reading if you're into the classics.  This version has text to speech so can be listened to instead of read.
"I just reread The Great Gatsby after about 15 years. I first read it as a teenager on Long Island during the dot com boom and bubble. The opulence and vanity of Gatsby’s guests was close to home.Now, just after my 30th birthday, I appreciated the book much more, especially the narrator, Nick Carraway. When he was out at the Plaza with Gatsby, Daisy, Tom, and Jordon, he realized that he had forgotten his 30th birthday. Nick’s decisions about his life, and how he is more of a passive observer than active participant in the world around him is interesting. He moves to New York, but decides to live away from the city; he’s trying to be a bond man, but doesn’t really know much about finance; he’s around parties all the time, but forgets to celebrate his own birthday.This is a superb novel with such rich metaphor. I am glad that I revisited it. I recommend that you dust off your old copy from high school and reread it."
"Like many readers, I first encountered ""The Great Gatsby"" in honors American Lit in high school. Unlike many readers, I enjoyed most of the literature assigned in high school and college, but ""Gatsby"" has always stood out in my mind, even among the classics, as a stellar example of the writer's art. Fitzgerald crafts every sentence with the precision of a diamond-cutter and takes more care with his story's overall arc and balance than any other novel I know.  Each character is vividly drawn and speaks in a highly distinctive voice. The symbolism is perfectly pitched, neither too heavy-handed nor too obscure. ""Gatsby,"" like the United States, is about money, and as such is perhaps the quintessential American novel.Whenever I get tired of mediocre writing and the poor to non-existent editing one sees in today's fiction, I re-read the 160 exquisitely wrought pages of ""Gatsby"" to remind me of the heights to which novels can aspire."
"The novel ""The Great Gatsby"" by f. Scott Fitzgerald to me seems like a great book. Through the eyes of young Nick Carraway, a bond salesman who just moved to long island, we see the love and the tragedy of various lovers. Although The main plot follows Jay Gatsby and his affection for Daisy, Tom and Myrtle's relationship as well as Nick and Jordan's play important roles.The book express various themes such as The American Dream which is really that one can move freely between social classes, people can change and recreate themselves and that being rich doesn't always equal out to the love of others. There also many other symbolisms in this story for things such as God and distance.All things considered this is a great book it has a very good plot, lesson and the writing style, length, realism, etc. are superb. I would recommend this to anyone especially those interested in romance stories, the ""jazz age"", and  American literature."
"Unlike some of the other ""critics"" on literature, I find it impossible to give anything but 5 stars to an American Classic."
"It's easy to see why The Great Gatsby has become such a classic.  The plot is simple, yet Fitzgerald's writing is so lyrical that I felt like the story was layered with deeper meanings and symbolisms that maybe I wasn't quite getting.  Perhaps I need to listen to it again.Robbins' narration is excellent; he gives each person their own distinct voice which fills out and complements Fitzgerald's characterization.  And Fitzgerald's narrative style is so timeless that it's hard to believe this was actually written over 80 years ago.  It is this timeless quality that makes a true classic.The book reminds me strongly of Capote's Breakfast at Tiffany's -- a outsider looking back and telling the story of the brief and magical time that he crossed paths with dazzling but tragic people, the simplicity of the plot, the symbolisms and deeper meanings.  Perhaps Capote was more than a little influenced by Fitzgerald's earlier work -- ??"
"This is the first novel I have read by F. Scott Fitzgerald, and I really enjoyed it, although the story was sad.  I liked how he wrote the story from the observations of a neighbor. I like the way he wrote the novel.  I could picture some of the events and conversations taking place.  This novel painted a picture that seemed more real to me than many other novels I have read.  The plot was also good.What happened? Nick Carraway was the neighbor to Jay Gatsby.  Gatsby owns a large house and throws extravegant parties.  His ambition is to have his former love, who is now married, attend one of his parties, and so renew their former relationship.  The women Gatsby loved has an unfaithful husband and some of the novel deals with his mistress.  There are also many twists in the novel, that kept me interested and allowed me to finish the book in one night. I encourage you to read this book.  It is not long and is very well written."
"F. Scott Fitzgerald accomplished exactly what he set out to do with this novel. He wrote a simple and beautiful tale about sustaining the American dream.Fitzgerald offers us Jay Gatsby the overly confident, charismatic portrait of excess who falls in love with something beyond his reach, Daisy Buchanan.  It is a classic love gone wrong story that embodies itself on the theory that we always want what we cannot have. Once money is added to the calculation the pursuit becomes all the more desperate.This novel is a must read if only for its classic status. It is an easy summer day exploration into the mind of greed, lust and all that it leads to. Fitzgerald managed to write something simple minded with great prose and compassion. But while uncomplicated it is also written with terrific insight questioning the concept of greatness at its very core."
People don't write this way anymore.  What I love about The Great Gatsby is how the narrator examines with a tasteful judgement.  He see's the lives of those he is mercilessly surrounded by and is both intriged and discusted by them and their lack of human decency.  I find it strangely parallel with the consumer lifestyle and society driven world of the present which is what makes this such a timeless read.  Just as the sadness of an exciting summer coming to an end washes over me such is true of the fall of the Great Gatsby.  It never ceases to affect me.
"I read this book in high school. That was only three yearsago. I am not rich, not a social climber, but my sympathy for Gatsbyis utter and unbreakable. He is perhaps the most American hero in all of American literature--both a triumph of diligence and ingenuity and a tragedy of naivete and unrequitable striving. Make no mistake, ""The Great Gatsby"" is a classic. I don't mind if other readers don't like it, but I wish they would read the book with a little more empathy."
"This book is a love story that is different from most love stories in its combination of the idealisation of love and the romantic (as represented by Gatsby himself) and a sense of cynicism and realism. Gatsby brings love and generosity into a world that is more concerned with appearances and one's own pleasures and self-interests, and Fitzgerald uses events to portray how innocence is crushed by those who have a firm and ""realistic"" grip on the world. It is a sad story but one to wake up the more sensitive of us from our naivety and innocence."
"When I read Gatsby  in my teenage years, I didn't appreciate all the nuances of the characters and writing.  Though I now think some of the descriptions were a bit too over the top, I enjoyed most of the writing.  I saw the characters now as quite flawed and some--like Daisy--as self-centered, weak, drifting along in life and unsympathetic.  I now understood the obsession driving Gatsby as a sad flaw as well, not the heroic element I once read into him.  Overall the book has improved with a re-reading as an adult with life experience and perspective."
"The Great Gatsby is able to show what upper class lifestyle was really like in the 20's. It reveals the failure that can follow success, along with demonstrating money cannot buy happiness. This book shoes love can fail, money can kill, and you never have enough time to truly live. I personally thought this was a really well thought-out book. It had a highly developed plot that really kept a person into the book. It built up suspense well and managed to keep people interested. I recommend this book to anyone trying to learn more about the 20's."
"Fitzgerald's novel personifies the glitter and underlying corruption of  the Jazz Age (a term which Fitzgerald himself coined). Through his  portrayal of the incorrigible and and somewhat naive  Gatsby, the self-made  man, the reader begins to understand some of the mindset of the time; the  pursual of the American Dream and the corruption that was necessarily  involved. A great book, with a range of characters (though some are  irritating) and wonderful symbolism and meaning, especially with regard to  the color. The Great Gatsby is a true classic."
"I love this book! I have read it more than once and I can easily say that this is one of my favorite books. Although, the reason I gave this review 3 stars is because when I received this book it had writing all over it. I did buy it used, but the only thing that the description said was that the binding was worn because of it being used often. Nothing about writing was mentioned. This book was covered in writing and several things are highlighted which makes it very distracting. But, this is a great book and everyone should consider reading it!"
"Loved the book! Just sad. I saw the movie when I was young with Robert Redford. I was never required to read it in school, so I decided to read it now with all the hoopla of the new movie coming out. I am glad that I did. I was a little confused by some of the words and language, just because it was written in a different time and took me sometime to realize what was going on. But the love this man had for the woman and all that he did just to get her back. Wow! I just wish it ended differently. I am a sucker for happy endings. Worth reading!"
"This book is a decent read, however, you really do not become attached to any person in this novel. The characters are somewhat stunted in their development and very shallow. I did not feel sorry or connect with any of them, except maybe the narrator. It was an easy read and kept my attention, but I was left wanting more. I am looking forward to seeing the movie because I believe there is potential there, and I'm hoping that it will bring to life the story a little more, even though books are typically better than the movies. We shall see..."
"I believe this novel would be good for everyone to read. From affairs to murders, The Great Gatsby has it all. At times it can get confussing with most of the characters either dating or cheating on their spouse. It also can be slow at times because Fitzgerald goes into alot of detail with his descriptions. This novel shows how people may think someone is so lucky to be great and well off, but in the end, they may not be geat afterall. This novel is very interesting and leaves the reader with the question,""What would I do in that situation?"""
"Great classic novel. It's a short read and will definitely go by quickly. I suggest reading the book before the movie. Or if you have watched the movie, you can still read the book because it is a very good book. The characters and settings that Fitzgerald sets are amazingly vivid. The novel is about a war veteran (Gatsby) who comes back from WWII and trying to find his old girlfriend (Daisy) who is now married to (Tom). Gatsby consults Nick (the narrator), his next door neighbor, and works with him to get back together with Daisy. The entire book takes place during the roaring twenties and Fitzgerald makes such exquisite references to the 1920s regarding fashion, automobiles, technology, prohibition."
"'The Great Gatsby' is the best book I've ever read. It is as close to perfect a book as you'll ever find. From the story itself to the characters to the locations, everything seems exactly the way it should be. Fitzgerald's words flow off the page seemingly effortlessly.'Gatsby' is the story of a man, Gatsby, who never gives up his love for a woman, Daisy. It is narrated by Gatsby's neighbor and Daisy's relative Nick. Other colorful characters weave their way in and out of the story. The tragic ending, present in all good dramas, is used to great effect here.If you haven't read this book yet, you should be ashamed. Buy it now, and make it your next read. You will not be disappointed."
"One of my all time favorite books!  I have read this five or six times, and it never gets old :)"
A true classic. A great read even if you've read it before! The story never gets old... .. .. ..
"I read it and high school and college, but never realized how good it was until I read it at 62!"
"doesn't matter how many times you read it, F. Scott Fitzgerald knows how to write a masterpiece."
"If the narrator to this audio was better then I might have enjoyed the story even more but he really was awful, especially when he lamely tried to speak a woman's voice. He botched Jordan, Daisy, and Myrtle's characters something dreadful.As for this classic by Fitzgerald, published in 1925, it was a sad tale of wealthy society and lack of morals all round. Seeing into the carefree lives of these couples via Nick's connection with Gatsby allowed the reader a glimpse into their consequences. It was pathetically similar to strata of some of today's society where morals fly out the window and tragedy is doomed to surface when free spirits are never grounded in being true to themselves"
"First of all, let me say I just LOVE Fitzgerald's writing! So descriptive it keeps you reading.The characters drove me nuts,  I'm sure as Mr. Fitzgerald intended. They were all so pretentious, boring and haughty I wanted to smack the lot of them! Did anyone besides Nick have morals?Having never heard much about this story nor seeing the movie, everything was new and fresh to me and I was hoping for a different ending. Daisy was less likable as the story progressed, and I was actually hoping they weren't together as it neared the end. And I was kinda hoping someone would kick Tom's ass.But the writing style of F. Scott, wow! I'm off to read his other books."
"The Great Gatsby is a wonderful novel... that being said:My review is of the print and typesetting quality of this particular edition of The Great Gatsby. In one word: horrible. The pages are typeset with almost no margins, making it difficult to read as the words approach the binding of the book. There is no additional space after paragraphs, either... VERY HARD ON THE EYESThe cover looks to have been designed on a 1990's Amiga with a low-resolution image of Leo DiCaprio stolen from a website somewhere. Pathetic. The publisher ""Feedbooks"" specializes in E-books and maybe they ought to stick to those, because they clearly know nothing about printing on paper."
"Somehow I had gotten through school, never having to have read this novel. Growing up, I remember the many times that my older sister gushed about her love for The Great Gatsby. I can't begin to count the times that I tried to start reading this classic, but could never get into it. Fast forward {many} years. I made a resolution to read {to completion} more literary classics and decided to start here, my Mt. Everest. After much head bashing, eye rolling, and hair pulling...I FINISHED IT!!! When I did finish, I thought, wow, this was so over rated. I found it to be tedious & pompous. Maybe, through the years, I built it up to be something unreachable, but I found it to be just over-inflated."
"Good classic story, I actually had never read it before, but of course heard of it. The book club I am in recommended this book, and prior to reading it  I saw the play, which was around at the same time. Read the book afterward, which is probably the opposite way to do it, but it did give me a fuller view and a character reference prior to reading the book, which was excellent. The play was a very similar adaptation. The group was The Montana Children's Theatre Group that travel around the country doing the classics."
"The Great Gatsby is not the greatest book ever written, but it is my favorite book. The tragic story of Gatsby and his never ending quest to prove his worth to the shallow and vapid Daisy is relate able. Everyone has at one point or another tried to turn themselves into something they weren't for the opposite sex. It never ends well, as was the case with Gatsby. The book is a bit heavy handed with its symbolism but the way Fitzgerald creates a scene and the depth of the characters makes up for it. It's a classic tale."
"A great read! If you love the roaring 20's or just a good flowing novel read this. It is one of those books that you just can't put down. F. Scott Fitgerald makes you want to finish the book in one night, you want to know what happens next.If you don't know much about the author, you will after reading this book. He incorparated so much of his life into this story. That was what made me so interested.I think it is a must read, especially if you keep hearing good things about it like i do. Pick it up!"
"Somehow I managed not to read this book when I was in high school or college and wondered whether this American classic would speak to me.  Wow!  This is as near a perfect book as I've ever read.  The story is compelling, the characters alive, and the writing flawless.  F. Scott Fitzerald was a master at description.  And although the post-WWI 1920's was a very different time in our history, the Jazz Age, as Fitzerald described it, certainly has its parallels with our recent pre-great recession times.  A great book."
"Although I am not exactly old enough to read some of the other classics, The Great Gatsby is my favorite book of all time. Its plot is tightly knit, so when Fitzgerald goes out on what seems to be a tanget, he knits it back into the story miraculously. Gatsby himself is one, if not the, most memorable charater in all of literature.The Great Gatsby has it all- drama, suspense, irony, romance, and comedy. The reader can see how the past affects the future and how amazing and sometimes foolish human nature can be."
"I chose this rating because I found that the book was boring.  The first couple of chapters are really slow, and the book did not do a good job of catching my attention.  I would recomend this book to high school students or people who are having trouble sleeping.  I had not slept in two days, and i took sleeping medicine. I tried several different things but nothing worked.  I opened the book and started reading, and I was out within five minutes.  I actually did nit finish the book because i was so bored with it."
"So I actually read this for the first time 7ish years ago when I was in high school.  Mind you it wasn't required reading it was something I read for fun.  I really enjoyed it back then and with the new movie coming out I wanted to reread it to refresh my memory before seeing the movie. I am so glad I read it again, for one thing its just a great classic piece of literature and for another I understood it so much better now.  This is one of those books where I feel like it was so much better the second time around."
"The story paints a poignant perspective of America in the world. Just as the characters strive to find their place in the world so to the thematic question of 'what is your place in world and how do you make it?' is presented to challenge the reader. Fitzgerald's beautiful play of language covers as much of the canvas with what is unspoken as with what is said. If you got it in High School, I recommend a second look. if you still haven't read it, go get it. (only 180 pages, availible on line and in e-reader format)"
"I remember reading The Great Gatsby in my high school English class and thinking it was boring. In retrospect, I think I was an idiot. Reading it ten years later was a truly amazing experience. Fitzgerald lays down some stunning prose and brings a lavish era of American history to life. I was struck with how that culture of excess in the 1920s seemed eerily similar to the mid 2000s. . . and right before another crash, nonetheless. Great book. If you tried to read it once and failed, try again. You won't regret it."
"There is little to add to this masterpiece's reviews and comments.  Every adolescent should read it for a good picture of life in the ""Roaring Twenties"" and how the worship of money destroyed so many lives.  Most of all, it is one of the greatest romantic novels or novellas of all time.  It is positively amazing to see how a grown man can allow a woman to envelop his mind, his reason, and his life to the point at which he loses all sense of reality and allows a dream to become his reality. What a tragedy!"
"This story is by far the greatest piece or fiction ever by an American writer.  I am a high school English teacher and as such have read many novels, none however, compare to this work.The characters are interesting, they come alive off the page.  The story is compelling, so much so that you will be tempted to read the book cover to cover in one day.  It also made a great movie.This book will stick with you for years to come."
"They don't call it a classic for nothing.  It is exquisitely written.  The multiple choices that Amazon is now giving for these reviews are misleading -- ""no sexual content"" would not be quite true, but ""some sexual content"" is really not right either.  The book was published in 1925 -- there is only a hint that Daisy and Gatsby were intimate and there is no description of intimacy or use of the word sex in the book.  If one used movie ratings, I think the book could easily be rated ""G."""
"I am not sure that the subject matter doesn't suffer too much after all these years but I can say that the prosaic genius of Fitzgerald still resonates. I first read this book (actually short enough to be called a novella) almost 50 years ago. I remember being confused...feeling that I didn't know what to think about the outrageous characters; their lives seemed so different from my own. I still don't live a life close to theirs; however, I can relate to the behavior I have observed. I enjoyed reading it again."
"Read this the first time as a 20 year old, and was interested in the insights I had reading the bookat a much later time in my life.  I will admit, the movie coming out had something to do with my originaldecision to re-read this book; but having seen the movie, I am doubly glad I read the book.  Noticed someof the script in the movie followed dialogue in the book word for word.  The gap between the ""haves"" andthe ""havenots"" was as apparent then as it is now in our time."
"Compared with modern novels the storyline in the great Gatsby is pretty thin. But maybe that's the point about this tale of a group of young socialites on Long Island in the 1920's with too much money and too much time on their hands. There are strong parallels with the celebrity society of our own age where young people have nothing better to do that indulge themselves in narcissistic pursuits. The Great Gatsby is worth reading though if only to understand that then as now, the rich are indeed very different."
"Set in the 1902s, The Great Gatsby, is a captivatinig story about finding the ""American Dream"" of happiness.  Nick Carraway tells the story of 1922 summer when he meets Gatsby.  Love triangles form and disastrous events occur.  Will the welth of the characters be enough to buy them the happiness they are sheraching for?I found the book to be interesting and thought it was well written. The story line was interesting and kept your attention. It portrayed the ways of the wealthy in the 1920s well."
"This Book is rated by some folk as Brilliant and it is supposed to be a Classic, Well, perhaps it is so who am I as a novice author to comment but, to me, I found it a bit rambling and with no real storyline.  However, as it is supposed to be a classic I felt guilty to the extent I had to read it through to then end. It still didn't grasp me. Sorry, no doubt I will re-read it sometime and find something but at the moment I can not rate it highly. Maybe I will watch the Movie and see if that gives me more...."
"The Great Gatsby is one of the greatest books of all time. It is a classic not just of American literature, but of world literature. It has meanings on so many levels. If there was only one fiction book that I was able to read for the rest of my life, this would be it, because every time you read it, it has a different meaning.This book also brings up many different questions that the reader must answer for himself and the book also never satisfies the reader, which causes you to read it again and again."
"I was with my employers one night doing homework as they watched the remake of the film and the message of the movie caught my attention. I ordered the book. It's quite a short read. The perspective is fresh, and timeless. It raises the question of what is the cost of living hedonistically, and does so without being a scathing critical look at those who have more than we do. I think it simply serves to entertain while at the same time making the reader stop and ponder. And that's what great literature does."
"This book was a study of the nature greed and ambition, and what they lead to.  In this case they lead to a lonely Jay Gatsby unglamourously lying dead in his swimming pool.  Of course I wouldn't know this if I HADN'T FINISHED THE BOOK! in which case I'd have no business writing a rewiew,  like the person who's review appears below mine.  In short--read this book,  or at least try.  If you don't like it, thats fine, but think about it when  you're done; that way you won't be caught flaunting your ignorance."
"I first read Gatsby in college, decades ago, and within the last three years I have read it again twice. It becomes more brilliant, enjoyable, and astounding each time. As a wannabe novel writer, I am almost intimidated by the book's characters, plot, language, imagery... by everything. And I disagree with analysts who call this book a primarily critique of 1920s American culture. It is secondarily that, but primarily it is a love story, a romance. The motivator and the tragedy is Gatsby's quest for Daisy."
"I believe that this book will completely capture you from the first chapter. It is so beautifully written, so much so that it makes you wish you were back in this time period instead of your present day. It is fabulous. The whole mystery behind Mr Gatsby pulls you in closer and closer and then slowly you fall in love with the characters. It will make you feel happiness, sadness, frustration, humility, humor, anticipation, and much more. I definitely recommend this book to anyone who simply enjoys reading!"
"I finally read ""one of the greatest American novels of all time"" as I've heard The Great Gatsby referred to. That statement may be a bit hyped up but it's defiantly a good read. Not a happy ending but some good lessons about wasting today chasing dreams from the past and what happens when we aren't happy with what and who we have now. Plenty of intrigue and drama will keep you reading. Most of the characters display the ugly, selfish side of human nature which contributes to the authenticity of this book."
"Gatsby is F. Scott Fitzgerald's masterpiece of American literature, and so much more than the current hyped-up film version.  It's not long, and it's not the ""hard read"" that great literature is reputed to be...it is accessible and attention-holding, and a well-outlined portrait of a society that Fitzgerald and his wife Zelda were immersed in. He knew it thoroughly, and portrayed its shallowness well, at the same time showing the rancid underlives of its main characters.  Forget the movie, read the book!"
"One of the finest novels ever written and one I have returned to probably two dozen times. The use of language alone makes it a pleasure to read. The story itself, well-known as it is, is a uniquely American one about a big-dreaming scrapper and the idle rich set on Long Island in the 1920s. Adultery, death and casual carelessness flow through the tale, but it is the way the it is written that makes it a masterpiece. If you read no other Fitzgerald, read this one. If you have read it, you'll want more."
"I read this book because it was assigned to me in my english class.  I had  heard a lot about it, but I was sceptical of how good it would be.  In the  end, I really enjoyed it.  I felt it did an excellent job of conveying the  greed and materialism of Americans in the 20s and it can certainly apply to  Americans today.  Fitzgerald is an amazing author.  Every word of his novel  is important and included for some reason.  There is also remarkable  symolism that I thoroughly enjoyed discussing in class."
"I skimmed this book using SparkNotes when I was in high school, so I did not really get a chance to sit down and read the book thoroughly. However, some years later, I decided to read the book. I finished it in a day and a half because I could not put the book down and I even shed one tear at the end (yes, one tear...you read that correctly). To quickly sum it up, it is a heart-wrenching story about a mysterious man who has everything and is greatly adored for his lavish parties, but is still unhappy."
"Since I never had to read this out of obligation in high school, I thought that it being a classic would make it more enjoyable, but honestly, it really didn't. It was well written, and I enjoyed the story, but the theme of materialism is so heavy that it makes the storyline sad, in a very simple way.I had always wanted to read this, and I'm glad I did, and I must admit, seeing the film after reading it really brought it to life, so it is one I would recommend. Read the book first, though!"
"Over the last forty plus years from high school I have read this novel at least a dozen times and taught itperhaps  a hundred times. Two copies had fallen apart, thus the purcase of one last for my remaining years.It is a mystery- how Gatsby who ""represented everything for which"" Nick had an ""unaffected scorn""  ""turned outall right in the end."" It is marvelously tight- well under 200 pages. It is the chronicle of the Jazz Age. It is lyrical in its prose."
"Why do I love this book.  I love this book because of the mystery surrounding Gatsby and yet there is no mystery at all.  Hopeless romantic trying to win love.  Think Gatsby should of listened to Bonnie Raitt's song ""I Can't Make You Love Me"".Money....Money.....Money.....Honey........ Who dies with the most toys ""Wins"".  (phsssttt...still die)A new generation out there that reads and will read this review.... (they made a movie which is true to form to the book in case you don't like reading)."
"A quick read before watching the new Lurhman film is what I thought. A beautiful trip down memory lane is what transpired. An enthralling read 30 years ago as a teenager, I couldn't believe how much more I took away from this classic American novel as an adult with a little American history behind me. Beautifully crafted, with delightful images of the hedonistic lifestyle The Hamptons  juxtaposed with the harsh life of The Ashes. I am so pleased I took a few hours to take this trip down memory lane."
"Through a story of passion, desire for materialistic possessions, and deceitful lifestyles, ""The Great Gatsby"" has captured the essence of society. Gatsby lived an extravegent life in hopes of winning Daisy's love. To Gatsby's demise a life of love does not hold a candle to a life of possessions. I loved this book due to its wonderful story line and it revealed the true life and society of the 1920's. It also made me think of what life is really about and how important succcess really is."
"I like this particular version of the book because of its cover. Other volumes use pictures of Daisy or Gatsby on their covers. This version features the eyes of Doctor T. J. Eckleburg staring over East and West Egg, crying due to the moral decay of the aristocracy and the unreachable American dream. Before attempting to understand Fitzgerald's intense symbolism, one should research a little about the life and culture of the roaring 20s. This book is an American treasure and should be read at all."
"I read this book years ago and I re-read the book again for the movie. I would definitely recommend for those who enjoy reading a book a movie is based off of. When I saw the movie I was VERY impressed on how well it followed the book. I noticed there were a lot of parts that if you did not read this book, it would be overseen in the movie. I give The Great Gatsby two thumbs up!  Disclaimer: I was open to why they changed what they did in the movie. It made sense from a cinema aspect."
"I had to read The Great Gatsby for a class in American literature many years ago so I thought it would be good for me to refresh my memory of it because of the recent movie. As I recall, I thought it was interesting and an informative comment on the times it reflected when I first read it. This time I found it dismal and disheartening and a waste of good reading time. Perhaps it is still being taught as the perfectly structured novel. I can see merit in that; however, that no longer interests me."
"""The Great Gatsby"" by F. Scott Fitzgerald touches on the delicate issue of an affluent man named Jay Gatsby who has the option to buy the finer things in life.  Gatsby is very much in love with Daisy Buchanan, but she is married to someone else (Tom Buchanan).  A layer of complexity grows as both Daisy and Gatsby end up interacting with similar circles of people. ""The Great Gatsby"" by F. Scott Fitzgerald also happens to be set in the prosperous time of what has been called the ""Roaring Twenties."""
"Written about 1920s culture this book still has a powerful effect today. After having lived through the 1990s, which was another prosperous time for the economy, I can relate to the characters quite well.If you are an F. Scott fan you already know how well he writes. Many of the more recent authors aren't as good at developing a story as he is.If you like the book there's a most excellent movie to supplement it. It stars Robert Redford and follows the book quite well."
"Though this book was written almost a century ago, its message still holds true today. Fitzgerald paints a beautifully horrific picture of a 1920's society in which, with chilling similarity to our own, people are lost with an emptiness trying to be filled, and being self aware only makes it worse. Its imagery and symbolism combined with witty yet elegant story telling makes the book a slow heart break all the way to the end. It was an amazing read and I highly suggest this book! Read it! Now!"
"The Great Gatsby is a novel about the ideals and principals of the 1920's.  The story is based on Jay Gatsby and how his own dreams and lifestyle of the Roaring 20's eventually destroy him.  The story goes to prove that the world was in a pursuit for wealth and caring for nothing else.  This stroy to me, was a great interpratation of the 1920's lifestyle and how the people acting in the decade.  This novel was a wonderful story about how the dreams and ideals America once held are now no more."
"When I say short review, I mean short.Plot: 5 stars. I liked the story line and how everything tied together, especially with all the things we didn't know at first and learned toward the end.Characters: 5 stars. These characters were original and funny, but they were their own. They knew what they did and their purposes.Overall: 5 starsAlso, in case nobody has yet watched the 2013 movie, it does follow the book quite closely. It's actually a fantastic version!"
"This the book that I need to read for my examination.  At the beginning, i  found this book was difficult and boring, however, when i continuned to  read, i was attracted by it.  the thing that most attracting me is the  description of the characters, the words are beautiful.  besides, the  author successfully creates the mysterious backgroud of Gatsby, this  attracts me to read in order to find out the truth.  Finally, i must say  that the book is much much more interesting than the movie."
"I began The Great Gatsby with extremely high hopes of the great American novel.  In truth, while well done, Gatsby is not as exceptional as many would have you believe.  I think perhaps people have gotten to the point of  lauding this book simply because it is the popular thing to do.  I found it  rather disjointed and mildly slow but the quote of the ""orgastic  future"" and the ""mouth full of money"" are unforgettable and  might be worth reading the book by themselves."
"What a beautifully written novel!  I don't know how I've missed it all these years.  I am anxious to see the new movie, although I highly doubt that it will do the book justice.  I think that the lyrical quality of Fitzgerald's novel begs to be read, like a painting should be studied, or a wine is to be tasted...  I would recommend this book to anyone, especially if they had to read it in high school (which I didn't).  Interesting how the more things change, the more they stay the same."
"With the impending release of the movie adaptation, I thought it would be a good idea to read the book and finally find out what the ruckus is all about. I was told that this book was a great love story and an American classic. With such lofty praise, I was looking forward to being blown away. I was disappointed.The story is mediocre and the romantic angle is ordinary. Nothing in this book made me think this book was any better then probably a more sober Mills and Boons."
"There are still a handful of classics that have been on my ""to read"" list forever and this is one of them. My daughter read in high school and really liked it. Due to it's short length this is almost more of a novella. The decadence of that era was brilliantly portrayed. The grand parties were painted so vividly.  Having not read spoilers I was a little shocked at the ending of it. I wasn't expecting it so it was refreshing to read a classic that I didn't already know the ending of."
"I read this book for the second time when it became a school assignment.  I definitely understood it better the second time.  Every word in that book had an underlining meaning and that is the disadvantage of this book.  You  have to read it a second time to understand that meaning.  However, the  plot was interesting a little slow in the beginning and depressing when  finally understood.  It certainly characterizes the period well and for  that reason I would recommend this book."
"The recent movie with Leo deCarprio was a nice interpretation of Fitzgerald's classic (reinterpretation of A Midsummer nights Dream), but the original is still the best.  I read it in high school and I read it again with my daughter as part of her summer reading.  Tom and Daisy are so shiny in their Titania and Oberon roles.  Gatsby and Nick are so wonderful and tragic in their roles as Bottom and the player, all set in those Midsummer Nights on East Egg.  The rich are different."
"An enjoyable book. I've always liked books set in the 1920's and The Great Gatsby is an enjoyable yet not to intense read. Focusing on the lifestyle of several well off characters coupled with another just trying to get ahead, this book is interesting and ultimately gives the reader some unforeseen plot twists. Once you read the book the movie is also  worth watching,, but you should read the book first. All in all, this is an enjoyable read, not compelling but still worthwhile."
"This is quite possibly my favorite book in the world. However, I've not finished Tender Is The Night, yet. I've read Gatsby maybe three times, and am now working on my fourth. Each time I fall in love with a different character with thier faults. The book is simply gorgeous. Fitzgerald was a master, despite all his personal faults. I would recommend this to anyone who actually enjoys books. If you're going to read anything ever. First read the Bible, and then I recommend Gatsby."
"There is something very appealing about this story.  Fitzgerald has sort of a cryptic writing style.  Sections of the story seem to serve no purpose, but make sense later.  Some scenes to be out of place to set the context of the story.  But once you figure out Fitzgerald's style, you realize how effect it is.  Most of the time.  It's a an intriguing story of the rich, their motivation, and their feeling of entitlement.  The characters are portrayed to tell this story admirably"
"I was assigned to read The Great Gatsby in my English 3H AP course, and at first I really didn't want to, but I'm very happy I did.  This novel has truely earned its title as a Great American Classic. Fitzgerald's use of  imagery and diction help add to the fascinating charater's in this book.  The theme of this novel is extremly valuble, and can be applied to everyone  in their life.  I recommend this novel to read just for fun.  Trust me, it  is definitly worth the time!!!!"
"I gave this short novel a new try, but found it dated and frustrating.  The character's behavior and choices are unlike anything I have experienced. If you try to suspend judgement and focus on it being a period piece, when women had fewer choices and society was harsher and less forgiving, it seems more feasible.  The forced party happiness is pathetic, and then so are the drunken attendees. These characters are not likeable and not respectable in any circumstances or times."
"About 20 years ago I decided I'd start reading some of the books which had been assigned to me in school, and which -- for any of a  number of reasons -- I'd either never finished or never started.  Gatsby was one of them, and is now one of my all-time favorite books.  I re-read it about every 2 years, and always derive something new from it. It is truly a book of which the reader's perception will change as the reader evolves, and I recommend it to anyone over the age of 14."
"F. Scott Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby is a well written novel that portrays life in the 1920s in America.  It reveals many of the dishonest motivators present in that time period and also present in today's society.  Some of these motivators are lust, greed, money, and love.  Fitzgerald causes the readed to reflect on how ethical these influencers are.  This is a very worth while book to read.  It caused me to question what motivates me in my own life.  I would recommend it."
An absolutely beautiful book. Fitzgerald successfully mastered the words that cover these pages in such a way that connects to humanity. He has a way of wording things so that the past seems so current. The story seems to come from within. Fitzgerald adds little touches that helps the book seem so genuine. Even if you don't find the story line moving (which I did) there is no way to not appreciate the elegant writing style that is so Fitzgerald.It is a must read.
"I loved this book!  Sure the first chapter is boring, but the rest of it is great.  This is a difficult book to understand, but if I read it again I'll enjoy it more for the new information I find.  I even gave a copy to a  friend of mine so she could read it.  One thing troubles me.  Did Daisy  drive past her husband's mistress' house on purpose, or was just on her  way?  If it was a deliberate act, then it seems like she meant to kill her.  Or am I just completely insane?"
"From the very beginning, I was mesmerized by a life that I wish was mines.  Every chapter takes you deeper into the extravagant lifestyle of the mysterious Mr. Jay Gatsby. A man more rich than life itself, could not cease the one thing he wanted more than ever. Driven by mad desire for a lady, this poor broke man made himself worthy to be hers. But even all the riches of the world could never buy the hearts of many. Things never go as planned. Read and find out how."
Perhaps the strongest point made by this book is Gastby's futile attempt to reach the idealistic goals that he has set based on the romanticism of the 20's.  In his work Fitzgerald has created a picture that summarizes an  entire decade.  The character Daisy also represents the pressures put on  women during that time period.  This book is excellent for anyone  fascinated with the 20's as it transports you to Gatsby's time and for all  of you hopeless romantics out there.
"F. Scott Fitzgerald (1896-1940) lived fast, achieved success early, and then descended into a ferocious alcoholism from which he never emerged.  His literary star was already in decline when he published THE GREAT GATSBY in 1925.  Although the book had admirers, critical reception was lukewarm and public interest was virtually nonexistent.  At the time of his death Fitzgerald and his works were regarded as trivial relics of an era noted for its superficiality; it would not be until the late 1940s that both critics and readers began to re-discover and re-assess them.THE GREAT GATSBY has often been described as ""the great American novel.""  In some ways this is unfortunate, for it has resulted in the academic world's force-feeding of the novel to exactly those least likely to have any appreciation of the work: high school and college students, who most often lack the maturity required to grasp the nature of the work.  It is short but remarkably complex and requires skills of critical analysis that seldom arrive short of thirty years experience.On the surface the story is not unique.  Nick Carraway, a well-to-do young man from the midwest, has come to New York to learn the bond business.  He takes a small house and afterward discovers that his cousin Daisy, now married to Tom Bucchanan, lives directly across the bay.  A visit to their luxurious home introduces Nick to professional golfer Jordan Baker, an attractive woman in which Nick is soon interested; it also alerts him to the fact that Daisy is disillusioned in her marriage to Tom, who for all his wealth and social status is limited in his views of the world and more than a little brutish in his habits.Nick is only casually interested in Daisy, Tom, and Jordan, but he is soon propelled into constant contact with all three through his own neighbor, Jay Gatsby, a mysterious yet charismatic man whose chief occupation seems to be staging parties.  After some little time, Nick learns that Gatsby knew Daisy before her marriage, and indeed his parties are set forth as bait, an attempt to lure Tom and Daisy to his home on the less fashionable side of the bay.  For Gatsby loves Daisy, and his memory of their romance has propelled him to fame and riches, all in an attempt to bring her to his side.  Through Nick, Gatsby arranges to meet Daisy once more, and the lost love blooms anew.Or does it?  THE GREAT GATSBY never allows us entry into Daisy as a person; we are never privy to her thoughts but are instead required to see her through the eyes of those around her, and the way in which we read her changes according to the people and circumstances involved.  As the novel climaxes Nick and Gatsby and we ourselves do at last understand both her and Tom and the others of their kind, but the understanding comes too late to avert the three deaths and profound disillusionment that conclude the book.Like most great novels, THE GREAT GATSBY is about a great many things, but it is perhaps most particularly about America's drift into a terrible sort of materialism in which human beings become less valued for their humanity than for what--and in a very real sense--who they own.  Almost everything the characters of the novel do, say, or plan is done ""for show.""  Gatsby's parties and his car, Jordan's golf competitions, Tom's mistress, Daisy's child, Nick's job are masks that conceal the screaming emptiness of a world in which what you have has become more important than who you are.  ""What shall we do with ourselves this afternoon?"" Daisy asks at one point in the novel.  ""And the day after that, and the next thirty years?""  Who would you be if you had only yourself?  Would you still be what your possessions seemed to indicate--or would you be a different person, perhaps better or perhaps worse?Although THE GREAT GATSBY has always been admired for the cool, languid beauty of Fitzgerald's language, many felt the core statements of the novel were rendered largely irrelevant by the Great Depression and World War II.  But like Gatsby's memories, which he himself cannot lay to rest, the book has a way of resurfacing in our minds in a remarkably disquieting sort of way, again and again with each generation.  The great literary diamond of the Deco age still glitters, and it does so all the more in the face of the ""on demand"" confused consumerism that has arisen in the internet age.  We know it should not be like this, and we wish it were not so, but we expect someone else to deal with it--or, as Fitzgerald writes with such profound clarity near the end of the novel, we, in this most American of American novels, are a people prone to smashing up things and creatures and then retreating back into our money and vast carelessness.  We prefer to let other people clean up the mess we have made.A brilliant work.GFT, Amazon Reviewer"
"And so i sat, alone (spare the flies), on the balcony of Iberostar Costa Dorada, Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic. Having just finished ""The Hitchhicker's Guide to the Galaxy"" in less then a day i was earning for more. So I picked up ""The Great Gatsby"" in hope of satisfying my imaginative fifteen year old mind. Until the last light drew over the horizon and for sometime the next day I was absorbed into Fitzgeralds' world.I will not recite what you already know about the story and what-not. Instead let me just say that for a fifteen year old romantic this has been an imaginative tail. This is the kind of story that will make you wonder where all of the romance has gone in the world and make you wish that you had lived during the ""Roaring Twenties"". Oh how i loved wishing that I was the Great Gatsby and I so desired the love and affection of lovely Daisy. But alas it was just a book and it was over way too soon.I must confess, however, that as I closed the last page of the book tears swelled and threatened in my eyes. I am not the one to cry, let me just state. But this book has touched me so.I truly belive that this is a classic and although you may think that my young mind is limited you would do well to know that I have read most of what others consider ""classics"" throughout my life.If this book can touch one so young, then it can just as well touch one just a tad older. I recommend that you pick up with book with all of my heart. I do realize that for those blinded by todays world this will be nothing but a short and unsatisfying bore. But for those who still belive that somewhere in the world true love exists, this book was writen for you. I must say that if i had a hat on right now and the great writer of this story was alive and next to me, I would tip that hat at him and smile. This book is a masterpiece."
"A very good story to say the least but it was a little hard to understand. I had to re-read paragraphs to get a grip on the story a little better but I assume the book reads like that because it was written so long ago using the ""language"" of that era. I read this along with my daughter as suggested by her English teacher. The book did spark conversation about the early 1900s and some of the ""symbolism"" in the story, which was enjoyable. It's a classic and worth reading but it's not what I call a page turner."
"DUH, so many of the characters were shallow, that's the POINT! Nick becomes, well, disillusioned with the 'glamorous' life Daisy and Tom are leading, he realizes how shallow and corrupt they are. Gatsby isn't dull,  he's a fascinating character study. Don't you see how he's trying to  recreate the past, but can't? Even Daisy is full of symbolism- like the  name. A daisy is white and pure looking, but on the inside (like Daisy) it  is yellow- which stands for sickliness, corruption, etc.  This is also a  beautifully written book."
"The vitality, innocence and ambition of our heroes, the shallow pleasures of material success, the ennui of the rich, the tragedy of failed love,  racism, the failure of the rule of law, the lack of respect for real virtue  and sacrifice; this all sounds like America to me.Add drug dealing,  the NFL, Vietnam and better electronics and the plot could easily make  decades disappear. And we believe that we have a culture with  ""constant change"".This is as close to 'our story' as anything  I have ever read."
"This is one of my favorites because the prose is beautiful and the twists of the story are natural. So often authors kill off characters in an attempt to make the story more compelling and dramatic, but it comes across as unfitting and trite. Fitzgerald's seamless storytelling makes the climatic ending realistic and meaningful. He wastes no words even though he gives you a full visual image of everyone in the story. Truly a masterpiece that deserves to be read and studied for centuries.-- Emma D, aka Anna Zimmerman"
"As an avid reader, I read many good and great books but when, now and again, real literature is thrown into the mix I realize how a book becomes famous as literature. The Great Gatsby is a wonderful read. Written from the prospective of a neighbor who is reporting on events insulates the reader from the intense emotions and events we are observing however passionate and genuine they appear.Do yourself a favor and read the book before you see the movie.  It's a quick read and so compelling you will finish it in no time."
"I read this book many years ago. This time I read it twice, the last time just for the pleasure of the wonderful writing. Knowing the story, I read slow, going over some passages amazed at the author's insight into the human mind and his technique to transport you to the different settings. I read with sadness for Gatsby's unrealistic dream and his impending tragedy and contempt for Daisy's shallowness and how her sort could turn a blind eye to the people whose lives they destroyed on their; no inconveniences allowed, path."
"F. Scott Fitzgerald writes in such a beautiful poetic way that the words seem to dance at the sound of jazz tunes from the American 20's. I had read this book a few years ago, but thought it would be interesting to reread it after being for 3 years in the US. The story is really good, though I think the book could be a little longer, since some of the characters are so rich you'd crave for more background information and details of their lives. Still, an absolute classic and a must-read for everyone, in my honest opinion."
"A story with more to it than expected. I read it because someone reviewed it for a magazine article I read. After reading it, I do not understand why this book is used for a ""must read"" in schools. Too much deception is going on when we are trying to teach them honesty. I say this, even though in the end, the book shows what happens to a lot of people who lie. I know a lot of people do not feel this way about this book, but this is what my opinion is. I would not recommend reading this book. It did nothing for me."
"This novel did not arrive at the top of most expert's and non-expert's masterpiece list on storytelling alone.  What made it great was Fitzgerald's unforgettable skill in the writing of sentences and paragraphs.  It is strange to realize that Francis Scott Fitzgerald and Thomas Wolf knew each other when they lived  in Asheville, NC, at the same time during the 1930s.  In stark contrast, Mr Fitzgerald could say more in one paragraph than Mr Wolf could say in 50 pages of ""Sound and Fury ........ Signifying Nothing""."
"I read these ""reviews"" of an American masterpiece where people are comparing the Great Gatsby to a soap opera when the story is so much more epic than the brainwashed masses who sit in front of TVs can  recognize. First of all, it was written before soap operas so how could it  be unoriginal. Second, its lyrical prose is among the best of any novels.  Third, it is boring and pointless only to those idiots who want car chases,  explosions, sex, and moronic dialogue about 70s pop culture. This book is  amazing."
The Great GatsbyBy F. Scott FitzgeraldNarrator by William HopeBrilliantly written I liked the writing far more than the story.The narrator did his job well and the story came alive but the general sound level was very low.So back to the story.  The author is brilliant.  The way he engages the reader is amazing.  The tragic nature of the story was not to my liking but I can't expect all of life to be rainbows and butterflies can I?WaAr
"Unlike many novels and stories, Great Gatsby was not dragged down by its meaning.  Instead of coating every page with out of place symbols or stupid dialogue, it worked on the art of telling a good story and letting the  reader learn his message from that.  There were no pretentious passages  that distracted the reader from enjoying the book.  Everything added to  reading the book and learning from it while still being entertained.  This  is what literature should do."
"Scott Fitzgerald, a monumental talent who only occasionally got things working right, made Gatsby great by the extraordinary invention of Nick Carraway. Carraway as narrator provided the exact perfect pitch: more awestruck than he would admit, more moral than it was fashionable to reveal -- always objective and distanced and subtle and charming, genuinely decent and impeccably well mannered, a little dangerously smitten himself by the lovely but corrupt Jordan Baker."
"I am a huge fan of Fitzgerald's writing style and his works. He incorporates beautiful imagery and description, as well as honest narrative. The plot of this book is easy enough to understand and to follow. The characters aren't especially complex. The symbolism is easy to interpret. I don't think that this book is a high school level book, in terms of plot, characters, grammar, symbolism; it's just the content that would bar a lower age demographic from reading it."
"The Great Gatsby is undeniably a classic. One of the reasons I believe this book will be preserved through this history of English literature is just that it's so wonderfully written. F. Scott Fitzgerald clearly has a lot to say about the American Dream and does so beautifully.On this note, I'm perhaps going to be the odd person out when I say that plot and rising action were not terribly exciting. This reason I'm not going to give it a five-star rating."
"Didn't like it in High School, tried it again now .... I just plain do not like it. I have tried other books by F Scott, didn't like them either.  The only reason I gave this 3 stars is because my Dad was in his 20's during the Roaring Twenties, and I used to love asking him questions about that time period ... My Dad was a tall, handsome charmer who I think would have had a grand time at some of these parties, but I think he would have told Gatsby where to get off."
"This book got me on an emotional roller coaster. It was a tragic tale, I thought that the book would have a happy ending and I was wrong, completely wrong. It took me awhile to get into the novel because I did not know anything about the 1920's. Some the language was difficult for me to understand at times. The reason why I gave this book five out of five stars was because it was an ending that I did not expect and that is something that I do not see in many books."
"It's F. Scott Fitzgerald! However, you never know how the reader is going to be. They could ruin it for the listener. For the price and star power of Jake Gyllenhaal, I thought it was worth the risk. Jake is soooo good at this! I love listening to audiobooks when I can't stop to read an actual book. I would replace so many of the other actors who I've listened to, with Jake. Here is the funny thing. I don't really like him on film. Still too boyish for me, I guess."
I waited for the book for quite some time before it actually arrived in the mail. I knew it would be a longer process because of the shipping distance but I didn't know it would be that long of a wait. The product wasn't exactly what I expected either. The cover of the book was different then the one pictured in the description of the item. I would recommend looking for a different supplier first before buying one of these products ... Unless it is worth the wait.
"this lovely tale of dreaming the dream of dreams was one of the most exhilerating experiences for myself. not only can you play around with the young, brash characters/their lives, but you come away with an  unsurpassable feeling of understanding & realization that it is a story  of the American people: our dream, our journey, & our reality. i loved  this book & it deserves its place on top of the list of the greatest  pieces of literature ever written"
"This title did bring out the society of the 1920's and was very well written.  Prohibition caused social problems and classes in the society and F. Scott Fitzgerald certrainly showed he had an understanding of this society.  I'm sure when this was written, many people were kind of offended at his not-so-perfect depiction of the life beneath the glamour of the 20's.  Now it can be appreciated and I hope no one who reviewed this book had the audacity to review this book badly because it conflicted with their personal views.  I hate when that stands in the way of enjoying a good book."
I have always meant to read this classic book - have enjoyed the film and now it coming out again with Leonardo Decaprio as the Great Gatsby I finally took the plunge.  It was excellent - I must admit it me took a little while to get into the old style of writing - but once there it was worth the effort.  No wonder it is a classic - it is wonderful to take yourself back to a bygone era when money and perceptions took over and no-one really knew where someone came from or how they got there.  I loved it - would highly recommend everyone reads this book at least once in their lives.
"Perhaps one of the best works of the early 20th century, it is the epitome of all that was the Jazz Age.  Fabulous wealth, extravagance, and romance.  Still, the characters, especially Nick, seemed a bit 2-dimensional at  times, and I personally wished that I could know more about them.  Still,  the book is a work of art and displays a powerful message, that there is no  American Dream.  None of the characters ever succeed to attain what they  desire, due to personal failings or external forces.  An essential read,  but a hundred extra pages would have made it a near-perfect book."
"I read this book just because friends and family raved about how great it was.  My step son was required to read it this year in school....While the book is well written and it is nice to read an older style of written English that expresses the English language artfully and with depth.  The story is one of selfish, self centered, snobbish characters and not for me.  It's a true ""modern"" day tragedy.  I'm disappointed that a public school would find anything redeeming in the story for my step son to read it.  The only lesson in this story is money can't make you happy...."
"I read this book in high school and was not impressed with it. But recently I read so much about what a great book it is that I gave it another shot. I still don't understand what all the hubbub is about. It's a decent storyline but nothing particularly unique. You can read the other reviews if you want a summary of it. But if you're we're in the same boat I was, don't bother reading it again. There's a little bit of a plot twist. But then again a lot of books have plot twists. One book by a highly respected author that did live up to the hype was ""A Farewell to Arms""."
"The Great Gatsby is one of my favorite classics. I read this when I was high school, but didn't get my own copy of the book until later years. I thought it was an interesting read. To read about the main character and how it was possible to redefine or recreate yourself and try to persuade the world around you to accept this new definition was amazing to read. Then to mix in a love story with Jay Gatsby and his love for Ms. Daisy Buchanan was a good read as well. Overall, I enjoyed reading this novel. I highly recommend this to anyone looking to read a good book and a classic."
"I read this in high school and thought I'd read it again prior to seeing the new movie version, thinking I'd get more out of it now that I'm 56. Bottom line: I was right when I was in high school. This just isn't much of a book. I understand why it might have been popular in the '20s, but it doesn't deserve its status as an undying classic. There's just not that much to it.I've always thought Hemingway and Fitzgerald were both better as short story writers than novelists. ""Gatsby"" reads like an overlong short story to me. Sorry if that offends, old sport."
"Beautiful language. I can now say I've both read this book and listened to a reading of it, and there's so much complexity in the subtext that each time the tone suggested something slightly different.Regarding the story itself, more of a short story really, it seemed to me somewhat unremarkable. My primary pleasure came from wanting to learn more about this mysterious man Gatsby, who he is and what motivates him.The Great Gatsby is such an idolized staple of American literature that I grant myself several more re-reads to fully appreciate its genius."
"The favorite novel of romantics, it is put together like a mysterious machine from another world.  Interestingly, movies can't get close to portraying Gatsby's passion.  The code has never been broken by those who wish to trade on or exploit this tale.  There are a couple of flaws in the marble, but that just adds to its mysterious greatness.  This novel is read, and then re-read and then re-read.  There is nothing else like it."
"The Great Gatsby is a story about the Jazz age, it tells the story of Jay Gatsby, a materialistic bootleggar who was blinded by his love.  It is told from the view point of Gatsby's friend Nick Calloway, who sees the corruption of the rich through his western values.  Nick discovers Gatsby's true attributes through many long nihgts and odd expeinces that could only of happened during the ""Roaring Twenties.""  This book shows the materialism that existed in the upper class during the 1920's, it is a great read that helps to understand how consumerism and materlism came to be."
"I usually hate the books I have to read for school, but this one was the best book I have ever read.  Fitzgerald writes this novel remarkably.  It is awesome, but to get the ""full experience"" you have to look for  symbols and stuff.  The depth of this book is remarkable.  You have to read  this book.  Tragically, it truly portrays the American Dream for what it  is.  The characters are wonderfully discribed.  This book is surely the  best American novel."
"I get why Hunter S. Thompson took the time to write this book word for word just to know how it felt to write it. I am almost tempted to do the same thing. I've never hated a caracter as much as Daisy Buchanan and I don't think I've ever loved a character as much as I did Jay Gatsby. Poetic and beautifully tragic, this is one of the best novels ever written. Don't spoil it by over thinking it...enjoy it for what it is, a beautiful example of the human condition."
"I think The Great Gatsby is a really good book. It's one of those that you will remember for a long time. Some of the themes are a little bit depressing, but they potray human nature pretty well. It has a perfect ending, with a resolution, that many other books lack. At the beginning it might seem a little bit boring, but once it picks up the action, it's hard to stop reading. I didn't really expct it to be that good, but I can say it's one of my favorite books."
"In high school, this was one of the only assigned readings I read all the way through. Such a sad and lovely book. I wanted to read it again around the time the Leo DiCaprio movie came out. I also wanted to add it to my collection of classics, but the only copies I could find in stores had the movie covers. I hate movie covers on books. I think they're so tacky. So, when I found this version, I was so excited. What beautiful cover art to match a beautiful book."
I had to read this book for a college course I was taking.  I found the writing to be very easy to read and understand.  It's very colorful and brings you right into the scene.  I had never seen any of the movies either and after reading it I watched both just to see how it was put to screen.  Despite the writing though I didn't find the story intriguing and still don't.  It's just not my kind of story.  But it was very well written and I did enjoy reading it.
"There are a lot of dimensions in this tale. The one that struck me first is the age old necessity for men to be able to afford a woman. There was no illusion that marriage was all about love! Another dynamic that we see played is how badly women were treated by men. Yet another is the hidden identities and hidden agendas of most of the characters. What do they really want? What ever it is, they scheme desperately in hopes of getting it. A most intriguing book!"
"When I started reading this book I didn't really know what to expect.  But as I got further along I got more interested and was soon caught up in this great story.  Gatsby resembles a typical American in search of fame and  wealth.  His love for Daisy motivates him to go in search of these two  things.  But once he achieves them it is too late, for Daisy is already  married.  He died a tragic death betrayed by all those whom he considered  to be his friends."
"Fitzgerald is such a poetic, transcendent author that you are moved through the nuances of this tragic and yet fulfilling story in an extravagant and engrossing manner. The story itself is deep and captivating, despite being about emptiness and loss. I loved it, one of the greatest books of all time in my opinion. And worth rereading again and again, as new meanings pop out constantly, and new treasures are constantly exposed. Beautiful, touching, fantastic."
"Hard to believe that I'm just now getting around to reading this author and this classic.  Fitzgerald's writing is very exquisite, full of imagery and his mastery of language is awesome.  I found myself reading sentences twice.  Not for understanding, but because I loved them so much I had to read it again.  And the story...Gatsby.  Such a sad reflection of what is known as the American Dream.  Touching and thought provoking.  Excellent read!  Truly awesome!"
"Reading this work of literature as a teenager and again as a ""senior"" is SO different.  With life experiences and many acquaintances gathered over  a lifetime, the book brought more depth to the characters and the heartache of unrequited love and obsession.With the newest interpretation on the the screen to compare to the Robert Redford version, I reread this novel before viewing the current movie.  I still liked the R. Redford version better."
"I'm a high school student who read this book by choice, as we must read several books of our own as part of our English class.I enjoyed this book tremendously.  Fitzgerald has an amazing talent for drawing you into the worlds of the characters.  The characters aren't especially deep but perhaps that's what makes them so intriguing.  At first when introduced to them, especially Gatsby, you might think "" Oh how shallow"" but when examining yourself do some of the emotions not feel strangely familiar?This book is proof that money does nothing but create a world that covers pain with a nearly sheer curtain that can be ripped by raw emotions, revealing universal human desires, fears and mortality.I will definately read this book again, certain to discover more and more each time."
"Found this book hard to put down. It made some interesting points about the lengths some people are willing to go to continue their facades in life in attempts at getting, ""what they want"". It also illustrates when you get what you want, sometimes, you are left just as empty and unhappy as when you started. I think the Great Gatsby is about the pursuit of something which may  be inherently illusory, happiness. Gatsby Tries to recapture his past, yet in the end, Gatsby is only chasing after the illusory illusion of what he remembers his life to have been, which, prevents him from finding happiness and love once more. Gatsby ends up dying in pursuit of both ideas which may make him really great in some peoples eyes or really mediocre, I guess this is a toss up for the readers to decide!"
"I never read the novel in grade school, during my university days, or afterwards. I remember seeing the movie with Robert Redford in it. That was it. And then I read the book recently and thought, nice, very nice indeed.The characters were not one-dimensional. They came with flaws and I think that made them real for the story. The plot was rather realistic, after I got through the end of the book and was able to assess the characters with the direction of the novel. Unlike most novels where the main character comes across unscathed and ""goes off in the sunset,"" that doesn't happen to the Great Gatsby. This novel is a case study in friends: how you get them and where they are when the chips all fall.I shall have to read some more of F. Scott Fitzgerald's books."
"Who is worthy to review F.Scott? His carefully chosen words and remembrance of an era past, are for those that lived it. He understood these wealthy but decidedly artificial ""socially superior"" peoples of this particular class.Review him? Never. I read this book many years ago, and always wanted to see Daisy Buchanan show her face and at least some kind of remorse in this wonderful book, but Fitzgerald knew his people best....they were above being involved in anything tasteless or showing any kind of pity for those not ""to the manor born"". He had a beautiful talent for words. No one dare review this book unless they are used to pithy,tasteless romance novels being sold today. This book is written in a wholly different era, generation and world beyond what most all of us will ever comprehend."
For me it was easier to watch the movie then read the book and to be honest the book was better than the movie
This is a great book I read a long time ago.  It bears reading again.  F. Scott Fitzgerald was a great writer.
"After watching the movie with my daughter, I decided to reread the book. The first time I read it I was in high school, and had no understanding of how the world really works. I didn't really like the book at all. I thought all the characters were appalling, and I saw no point to the book. Now, after rereading it as an adult I realize that Fitzgerald's point was for us to loathe everyone, except and including Gatsby. (Including Gatsby because he put all his hopes and dreams on someone who not only didn't deserve it, and being so naive about wanting to recapture their past. Except Gatsby because he was the most genuine even when he was lying about his past. ) I think my main problem with it was it's realism, and it's antithesis of a fairy tale ending. I didn't see the beauty in its tragedy."
"This is one of my favorite books. It is a short book, less than 200 pages, and the writing is fluid, so you can easily finish it in a couple of hours. On the surface it is about rich people's folly -- Gatsby's failed attempt to resurrect the past with money. But it is more than that; it cuts deep into the pitfalls of the Jazz Age: that easily gotten money is easily parted with, that money can buy everything. It is interesting to know that Fitzgerald wrote this book in the middle and at the height of the roaring 20s, portentous of the house of cards that was about to crumble in the next decade. The writing in this book has a liquid, even luminous quality to it, and it is quite remarkable that after more than 80 years it still has a degree of modernity and it does not feel antiquated at all."
"This is one of my all time favorite books! Interesting that it has remained so popular in an age that cries out for everything ""new"" and ""cutting-edge."" F. Scott Fitzgerald is without doubt, one of the most amazing writers of all time. What a tragedy that he did not leave us more of his work to enjoy.When I say, ""enjoy,"" I must admit that in regards to this novel that is a rather two-edged sword. It is difficult to like the main characters in this novel, since they seem so self-absorbed and without any moral compass. Yet that is what makes the work so brilliant. It somehow evokes a type of sympathy for all that could have been. I sincerely hope that as in the past, high schools and universities will continue to view this as a novel worthy of required reading."
"This wasn't required reading for me in high school or college, and I hadn't seen any movie adaptations but wanted to give this ""classic"" a try.Although I think Fitzgerald's prose is far more eloquent than that of authors today, I found his content jumpy and without connection at times. I also failed to make a great connection to any one character, including the narrator, although he was by far the most likable.There really existed no great story here and when something arose to that point at the end, so was the book ending - abruptly at that.Hopefully others can glean what Fitzgerald was hoping to accomplish with this book - going to excess and the endless drive for a chance to regain a lost love (is that it here?), but the story was lost on me."
"Nothing says more about the United States in the first half of the 20th Century than this book. I can see why it's taught in high school, it's got it all: symbolism, metaphor, social commentary; all presented in a novel that is beautifully written and mercifully short. It is Fitzgerald's crowning achievement, attained just soon enough to speed the dissolution of his and Zelda's lives, too soon to sustain his reputation as a great writer within his lifetime."
"While this work is relatively short, it has become a staple of classic American literature, and for good reason.  The characters, while not necessarily likable, are compelling and held my interest.  I also greatly enjoyed the feeling of authenticity in the novel stemming from its semi-autobiographical nature. I think learning a bit about Fitzgerald and his turbulent relationship with his wife Zelda is fascinating because it parallels the story-line so well."
"I had never read this giant of American literature and I understood what all the fuss was about. Excellent writing and style. You feel immediately immersed in a different time and place and the strength of the characters take the story to another level. I can’t wait to see the new movie adaptation coming out this May because I feel it has a very “cinematographic” feel. Short, visual, clear scenario and an intensity to be carried out by the characters. 8/10"
"Glamour, glitze, romance, sin, and tragedy: The Great Gatsby. A novel of great portrayal of the Jazz Age, where a mysterious man holds parties he does not attend, and fixates his attention on his life-long love. Whether or not he can win her love again, only time can tell...This novel is rich in description of the 1920's, and it will grip you from start to finish. Fitzgerald truly did a great job with this one, and it's twists will surely please you."
"I need to say that I am much more than pleased by the downloads I receive for my Kindle Paperwhite 3G WiFi.  It is beyond my expectations.  I live in a remote area of northeast Guatemala where I had no idea I could download.  I can, and quite easily.  Some other north Americans who live here (and there are only 2), have the Nook.  They have to take a ten-hour bus trip to Cd. Guatemama (the capital) to download.  I thank you Amazon.comJames P. Mylott"
What could I say about this book that hasn't been said before?  I can't think of anything: hence the classic effect.  What better reason is there to read 'The Great Gatsby' and first handedly experience Fitzgerald's  opulent prose in a tale so perfect that it could have been written only by  Fitzgerald?  But all this has been said before; please forgive my  redundancy.  I just had to get my say in.And don't forget to catch  Fitzgerald's other works.
"The story is so well told by Tom....who bears witness.  The dialog is of the time and place and....it jarred me....so 1930s movie speak.  But that was historically  accurate.I am curious .... I like the soundtrack ..... It brings the edge jazz was then into edge hip hop is now, but with jazz reflected .... Will  ""Old Sport"" be the slang used in the movie script....or will it be updated to ""Dude""??I look forward to finding out."
"The Great Gatsby is one of the best books for any reader, young adult or adult to read. The book is a wonderful idea of what the Jazz Age (1920s) were all about. Reading this book for AP English was one of the best selections anyone could have read for a class. The thematic touches, along with unforgettable characters make this book a sure win for any reader's heart. I would recommend this book for not only school study but for pleasure reading as well."
"This was required high school reading and I could not get into it. As soon as I chose to read it on my own for fun, I loved it. Saw the film first, and it helped to make the story flow more easily in my mind so that I could appreciate the true genius of F. Scott Fitzgerald. In my opinion the film could not have captured the story any better than it did, but even if you see the film, still read the novel because it is a classic and deserves to be read."
"Considered by many to be one of the greatest novels of our century, this  book presents a vivid chronicle of the Jazz Age and is a tightly  constructed work of literary genius. In the novel, Nick Carraway tells the  story of his neighbor Jay Gatsby, a handsome bachelor who has amassed a  fortune as a racketeer in order to build a Long Island mansion and give  fabulous parties that he hopes will enable him to win back the love of the  married Daisy Buchanan.This book is a story of the American dream and  Fitzgerald's basic belief that the dream has been degraded and corrupted  until it almost seems to be foolish to aspire to that dream because it  would just make one morally derelict. The lower orders that aspire to  infinite and instant wealth are trying to adopt the values and standards of  the established rich class, which are already corrupt. Fitzgerald felt that  American idealism had been corrupted by embracing materialism as its means.  Fitzgerald believed that we are in a vicious circle, that the established  wealth is corrupt but the new rich adopt to the same ideals as the old rich  and they become corrupt and join the established wealth and then the new  group aspires to the established rich values and so on.A strong  statement of the author's personal values and beliefs, it is also a highly  entertaining read."
"Like most people, I read this book in high school. I really liked it at the time but did not fully appreciate the wonderful story. I wanted to reread the book before seeing the most recent remake of the movie. I purchased it for my Kindle. I thought the price was a steal for this great book! I absolutely fell in love with the story! In spite of Gatsby's many shortcomings, the love he had for Daisy was awe inspiring. I will read this many, many times!"
"This book was rated as the second best novel written in English this century. We had to read it for school. I understood some of it, but some of the deeper meanings eluded me. I liked this book because the author used  economic, efficient words that you could understand and didn't waste his  time on ten dollar words. There was action, a nice plot, subplots, and a  great climax. This is the ideal book to show someone who doesn't know what  a book is."
"this review was written and posted by Tom Calnan, not Kathy Calnan, ""Having seen the movie and not read the book, I felt compelled to read Fitzgerald and was glad I did.  So many writers but with so little to say!  Not Fitzgerald. His descriptions, characters, and images bring to life a time, not so long ago, when America ""cut loose."" But mostly, I admit, I was drawn to his portrayal of the achingly tender, unrequited love of Gatsby for his Daisy."""
"I wanted to read this before I saw the movie. I know I read it in high school but I wanted to read it again.As always it is a good book. A little sad and I was depressed when I finished it, but that is the way lifeis sometimes. It is so sad Gatsby worked so hard for his lady love and it was all for nothing. He could neverfit in and yet as his friend said...He was a better man than all of the rest put together. It is worth reading."
"I wanted to read this book since it is a classic, and I didn't want to see the movie before reading it. The book was fabulous and now I'm excited to see the movie. A must-read for regular readers, since it is a classic, and it is very well written. Of course, some of the language is ""old-school"" but none the less, very intriguing story that captured my interest. Slow start at first, but after about the first third, it really picked up pace!"
"This novel by F. Scott Fitzgerald is one of my favorite novels that I have ever read. I had to read it in high school and i have probably read it 10 times since then. I love the contrast between the morality of all the characters where Nick is moral almost to a fault while Gatsby and Daisy are both almost too immoral to function. This timely story contains action, scandal, love, and betrayal and it captures the escence of great American literature."
"I read this book when I was a teenager. I liked it back then, but it wasn't a favorite... not like others were (To Kill a Mockingbird, Catcher in the Rye, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn, etc.). After watching the Leonardo Dicaprio movie of this book, I decided to read it again, to see if I would still enjoy it, and I do. I love books about NYC, this is actually a very sad love story... much better than any of the corny stuff that Nicholas Sparks writes!"
"What makes this book a timeless classic are the lives of silly self-important rich folks have and always will be food for literature in any form. The decadence and debauchery were not new in the 1920's, just more noticeable to the masses than in previous generations. The characters here could drop into almost an era in time and fill their roles. Great literature is about writing greatly about insignificant things. Fitzgerald created a masterpiece."
"Fitzgerald has a unique writing style and describes life prior to the stock market crash of 1929. His characters are described in such detail that they come alive.  However, this is not a feel-good book since their decadent life style leads to the unfortunate and undeserved death of two main characters.This classic is a quick read and well worth the time.  If you plan to see the movie, read the book first as your foundation for enjoying the movie."
I did not like this book very much but it did make me think. People are people and if they can get away with something at somebody else's expense they do. I did feel the book made you go back to the era and it is interesting how rich spent their time.I also found the book a bit boring and a bit depressing. But there again a lot of Fitzgerald's writing's are depressing. Would I recommend this book I am not sure? No.  I do not think so.
"I picked up this book after about 12 years and I have to say I loved it just as much the second time around.  Fitzgerald's descriptive ability is effortless and filled with beautiful imagery that stays with you forever.  Everything just jumps off the pages and makes you feel as if you are in the book itself, partying at Gatsby's mansion or lounging with Daisy Buchanan.  It is a beautiful book, a MUST read, and definitely a true classic!"
"The book, The Great Gatsby, is about a man, Jay Gatsby who embodies the very essence of the decade known as the Roaring Twenties. A wealthy man, obsessed with material possessions, Gatsby is convinced that through these he can obtain happiness, and more importantly, the heart of the woman he loves. He finds however, that his wealth and possessions can do nothing to give him personal fulfillment, and that they are of no worth in the end."
"It's The Great Gatsby, so what can I say that others haven't? One word of advice, if you read this in high school or even college and didn't love it, I highly suggest giving it another try. This is the kind of book that you can read multiple times and get something new each time, depending on where you are in life. Plus the writing is just amazing. Read it slowly and cherish the writing. Then read it slower and see what else you catch."
"I have read this book several times in my life, but even as I get older, I don't really appreciate it the way others do. It is depressing and sad, (as is life) but I prefer to read the more lighthearted stuff - the news provides all the depressing, horrible news I need. I don't need it while sitting down to relax and enjoy a good book!I know it is a classic, and it is good - but it's not one of my favorites, by a long shot."
When I was in high school this was on my summer reading list and at the time it was boring to me. I didn't understand all of it. Later on during college I picked the book up one night when I couldn't sleep and found it hard to put down. I had read the book again a few times since then. Its a good read and is a beautifully written story of how a good person goes through great lengths and personal scarafice to impress a shallow socolite.
"I was forced to read this book in my high school English class. I ended up actually enjoying this book. I thought it was a good story, engaging and a wonderful depiction of the 1920s. I found myself not so into the plot but  into the style of writing, and the wonderful backdrop of the roaring 20s, a  time of partying and prosperous times for the upper class. I found this  book to be very dark, touching on the pain that money can bring."
"After reading this book in high school, I was anxious to get my hands on it to refresh my memory before the movie comes out. Upon rereading it, I was able to enjoy it much more than when in school because I was able to read it the way I wanted, rather than focusing on study guides. The tragic love story is one I forgot at some point but I'm happy to say I loved the book so much more and was still surprised at every twist in the story."
"The first half of this book is boring and reminiscent of the ""dolce vita"". Banal and superficial acquaintances which pass as friendship not unlike the ""friends"" that people claim to have in facebook. Keep on reading, because once you overcome the first half the novel is worth the place it occupies as one of the classical of American literature. It is an indictment of superficial friendships based on personal interest."
"Re-read this after seeing the 2013 movie (first time I've picked it up since high school). Loved it all over again.One of the better classics I had to read in high school. My favorite quote in any book comes from this one: ""He must have looked up at an unfamiliar sky through frightening leaves and shivered as he found what a grotesque thing a rose is and how raw the sunlight was upon the scarcely created grass."""
"The very first time I read this book I couldn't get through the first chapter, it was slow and seemingly unnecessary. However, upon watching the movie I gave this book another chance....and I'm so glad I did. Fitzgerald, like in the movie, paints vivid scenes that you can almost jump into. He develops the characters nicely making attachment fairly easily and his writing style is tremendous! I highly recommend this book to everyone."
"I read this in high school and loved it. I re-read it before seeing the new Gatsby film and highlighted on my Kindle as I went, which was cool. We had a dinner discussion before the movie to be sure our opinions wouldn't be tainted by the film. LOVED the movie as well. It added a lot to the characters and developed them, artistically, but in my opinion,  true to the book. It made me want to go back and read the book again to see it with new eyes."
"Never read The Great Gatsby until now.  F. Scott Fitzgerald was referenced in several recent movies and books that I read and, of course, the new movie will be released soon.  So I decided I should finally read it before seeing the movie.  Enjoyed it tremendously.  The reader is engaged almost immediately and does not dis-engage until the book is finished.  it's really timeless because the story is so riveting.  Recommend.  A very enjoyable read."
"This is such a beautifully written book; no wonder F. Scott Fitzgerald has been hailed as a writer to be remembered.  Surprisingly, I had never read this book and now I will read other books the author has written.  His understanding of the nature of the protagonist and the voice of the narrator was truly insightful and made me sad for both of them.  Just think what Gatsby's life could have been if only he had been mentored by someone who cared."
"The novel critizes many of the themes and trends of the 1920s.The main character is a self-made man but, he giained his money through bootlegging, he is also extremely materialsitc. One of the themes in the novel that material possessions cannot equal the love a person. This book was an excellent social commentary of the roaing 1920s.Fitzgerald used frequent symbolism and complex language but, he kept the book simple enough to be easily enjoyed."
"This book is about economics?! It's about decadence among bored, wealthy and careless people. It is very readable, in part because it is so short and also quite entertaining. True, there are some questions still in my  mind, but I won't ask them as to give away the book like some people who  have been criticized. As for the person who spelled ""great"" wrong  and didn't understand the title, think a little before you write your  reviews."
"The Great Gatsby is a story about the rich in New York in the 1920's, told through Nick Carraway's eyes. The main character is Jay Gatsby, an idealistic and materialistic character. Gatsby acquires his wealth to gain his lost love, Daisy. The Great Gatsby is a story that questions, ""What really brings happiness?"" This story written by F. Scott Fitzgerald is a critically acclaimed novel and is a must read for anyone over the age of 13."
"The writing was at the high level I expected.  The novel was shorter than I expected it to be.  The storyline goes to a quick denouement which might be how it would be in real life.  Fitzgerald leaves out many of the details of Gatsby's life, which adds to the mystery surrounding his character.I had seen the movie and while it was very good, the novel was better.  However, I will have to see the movie again to see how they compare."
"Read it in high school and, as a lower middle class kid in a southern town with 3000 living people, I got part of it.Read it in college and, as a kid in a large state cafeteria university, got more of it.Read it as a 68 year old man who's been around a lot of rodeos, I think I got it - this is one of the more magical uses of the English language in American history wrapping a story about our continuing grudging admiration of greed."
"Great story about the tragedy of love and man's ever growing need for power, money, and acceptance. It's been awhile since I have been fully engrossed in a book but this one immediately for my full attention.This book is just as applicable today as it was when it was written although the extravagance is not quite what it used to be.Sometimes it was hard to read but overall i would recommend this classic to anyone who loves to read."
"I did not enjoy The Great Gatsby while reading it but after finishing it. I sat down and thought about what i had just read. I enjoyed it, it is about chasing dream that are not realistic. There are lover stories and  love affairs throughout this book that makes the plot interesting.The  characters are describe in unusal details.It also describes what life was  like in the 1920's. After understanding this book I would recomend it to  everyone."
"This book had the potential to be my all time favorite classic, because its full of mystery, and beautiful parties, and wonderful adventures. But I have to be honest..the ending just feels like Fitzgerald just got tired of the book and ended it. So disappointing! I do recommend reading the book however, it is fun and interesting and gives you a new perspective on many different things. Just don't be expecting as good as the rest of the book."
I purchased this to read in advance of the 2013 movie release.  Really enjoyed it.  Also watched the 1974 movie with Robert Redford as Jay Gatsby and found that movie to be very true to the book.  I have heard that the new version also stays close to the plot of the book.  I still haven't figured out the mystery of just who Jay Gatsby really was and where he came to all of this wealth.  Perhaps that's part of the allure of this classis work.
"For the life of me I don't understand why people regard this book with so much praise. I read this because some how I missed it in school and my Wife was really excited for the movie. The whole time I was reading it I kept thinking ""This is keeping up with the Kardashian's, the 1920's version."" The people in this book were not relatable and I didn't care for any of them. I am sure plenty of people love it, but it did nothing for me."
"I grew up in metro NY. It's preposterous that a handful of strangers in that teeming anthill could have interacted as Fitzgerald portrays, but the beautifully drawn characters, laser-perfect dialogue, and magical flights of language overwhelm the absurd coincidences that drive the story. For those who respect the mother tongue, this book is a bygone bit of brain candy. Utterly satisfying, all the way through the haunting closing paragraph."
The Great Gatsby portrays much of many rich mans' life today.  It is a  book about a mysterious man who everyone seems to know about.  He lives in  a huge mansion and has parties all the time.  When he meets Daisy he falls  in love with her and pursue to get her with his riches which will be very  succesful. It is a story in which you can relate to many lives that is  happening today.  It's a good book to read and I recommend it to others.
"As an English major I've come across numerous examples of excellent literature.  Fitzgerald's _The Great Gatsby_ is, in my opinion, THE definitive American literary classic.  The author's use of language, characterization, and subtle symbolism is simply amazing!  The last line of this novel has become one of the most hauntingly beautiful lines in literary history.  Do yourself a great favor and read this novel--my highest possible praises!"
"The Great Gatsby is quite an interesting book, based in the 1920's this book represents the search for The American dream and the power of love between two charactersAs someone who does not enjoy reading many books; I read this book for my English class and I have to say it is one of the better books I have read in high school so far.bottom line: I would recommend this book to anyone who likes mysteries and a good story."
I've read Gatsby a few times now. It goes without saying that it is one of the greatest American novels of all time. The point of view of Nick Carraway is what makes Gatsby so unique. He leads us into a world of complicated characters whose motivations are clear to everyone but themselves. The story reads as a bit of a mystery and a tragedy. The reader can't help but ask: who is Gatsby? A question that is only answered with his downfall.
It was different from other books I've read. The writing was good but some of it didn't make sense. I think it's a good book to read for a book club to discuss because there was a lot between the lines of this book that I probably missed. I'm sure there was symbolism such as the green light at the end of Daisy's dock. I think F. Scott Fitzgerald was trying to convey the message that it is dangerous to try to go back and reclaim the past.
"As an English graduate, I'd been assigned to read The Great Gatsby many times over my school career. I dutifully read the book, dissected it for symbolism, analyzed it for style, wrote the required papers and moved on. It wasn't until I read this book just because I wanted to that I really read it! WOW! What a book! I think I'll go back and read The Scarlet Letter now that it isn't assigned. I might just enjoy that too. It could happen!"
"Wish I read this when I was younger, but I don't know if I would have appreciated the book as a classic.  The characters and story lines have echoed in some recent, popular themes (i.e., Madmen's Don Draper, for one).  I loved the ease in Fitzgerald 's use of uncommon words and rhythm.  I read this  in anticipation of seeing the movie.  Now, I'm afraid the Hollywood version won't fit with the story and characters I have in my head."
Fitzgerald is a great writer this story really feels like its based on his life with Zelda.  Just read the Paris Wife (Hemingway's first wife) and their time in Paris during the 20's.  Life was so different then they were all on a collision course toward early death.  But a lot of the para phrases in this book are so appropriate for today.  I first read this in the early 70's so it was good to read it again and now go see the movie
"A convergence of past, present, and future. The irony and devastation found within these chapters should remind us all that you can never go back, and you should live life to the fullest. Being satisfied with what you have can truly save your life.The language was a bit difficult at times.  For a high schooler with a limited vocabulary, it could definitely seem old and out dated, but I highly recommend it nonetheless."
I would have given this book 5 stars if I hadn't read the reviews of a couple of idiots several columns down that give away the ending and key plot surprizes in their review. (You F#*@ing Idiots!!!).  It completely  destroyed my experience of reading one of the highest rated books written  this century.  If you are just checking out the reviews before read.  WARNING: Do not read 10 reviews past the next.  (THOSE F#*@ING IDIOTS).
"The American Dream in 180 pages.I hope that students who ""have to read this for English class"" will not be turned off by the one-star reviews written in text message by the functionally illiterate. And I hope that those who did ""read this for English class"" and didn't get it will pick it up again at some point in their lives and finally see."
"I know, I know, it's a classic. I hadn't read it in 40 years, though, and wanted to revisit. The plot, characters, period descriptions, were as good as before. What I had forgotten was how beautifully Fitzgerald could write. Time after time is had to stop and reread a passage, sometimes more than once, just to savor the flow and texture. What a pleasure this book is, in every way you can imagine. A classic for very good reasons."
"I purchased this book in order to replace a relative's book that was stolen, along with my reading glasses, at a resort.  I was so happy to see an exact duplicate on Amazon to what I had lost; that duplicate (esp. cover picture) still shows as what is being ordered.  However, when the book arrived, it was not what was pictured;  the new book is smaller, with much smaller print, and difficult to read.  So, yes, I am disappointed."
"I have always wanted to read this classic and finally took the time, walking back in time.  This novel is incredibly insightful as to how the super rich lived and the background story of the making.  This 1920's drama is full of what America was like during that time.  Fitzgerald's way of writing took me there and I could see the curtains in the breeze, feel the energy in the homes, sense the corruption and the outcome of greed."
"Last night I turned to an old favorite, and another ""school"" classic - F. Scott Fitzgerald's ""The Great Gatsby."" This short but poignant novel paints a beautiful but macabre portrait of a period dripping in character, scandal, and self-involvement. Entirely unforgiving, Fitzgerald is faithful to his ideas and opinions, and shows no fear in humanizing his subjects. This is a novel that I am sure I will return to again and again."
"It's a great book with plenty of symbolism. If you take the time to read it, you'll definitely enjoy it. If you're buying this for school/class, don't read it last minute before it's due because you won't be able to focus on the little details that make the story so wonderful. I also suggest those who read it to first do some research on F. Scott Fitzgerald because it'll help you understand the author and the book more! Enjoy!"
"There are some books everyone should read, and some that aren't as great. The Great Gatsby definitely falls into that earlier category! I hadn't read the novel in many years, so I was excited to freshen up on the book when I purchased it. Jay Gatsby is still as flattering and mysterious as he was all those years ago! If you're on the borderline for purchasing it go ahead and hit that buy button! You won't regret it!"
"In whatever context this book is read, it holds its place as a literary masterpiece, for a menu of reasons - each reader has their own. A powerful fable wrapped in a gripping story, eloquent poetic prose that ebbs and flows with the rhythm of a story filled with subtle intelligence and suspenseful tension. Long after the last page is turned, its poetic message lingers like a bittersweet fragrance. A book to cherish."
"Great Gatsby is one of those books that unless you are reading VERY analytically, you miss the point. i think many people who hate the book, and as a matter of fact many people who love it, truely misunderstand the book.it is NOT a love story, it is the story of a man (Gatsby) who abandoned a woman  (Daisy), and, like many men, only wanted her when she was taken.the book goes slowly for a reason. you are supposed to be utterly bored by these people's lives, as they are.also, you can never forget Nick, the narrator who is the most misunderstood character in the book, mostly because readers fall for his lies by which he tries to convince the reader that he is a good person. he is, in fact, a drunk who is in denial, a snob, and has abandoned(like Gatsby) a girl he is engaged to back home. you can never trust him, always take his statements with a grain of salt.in order to really GET the book, you have to read this little volume with a fine tooth comb, which takes some effort. identify themes and look at how they are used/changed throughout the book. look at the odd descriptions and statements that are everywhere. what do they mean? what are they telling us, beyond face value?some examples of themes:lightmovement/progressdrinking(who does, who doesnt)past vs. futureorigin of characterswatching/judgmentstheatrelast, always remember what was happening in america at this time. we had expanded west as far as we could go so the concept of western movement and development had died, and people had no where to go but back to the east. this was after WWI but before the great depression when americans wandered aimlessly and searched for direction and identity."
"Having read this book many years ago mainly for the plot I recently reread it & was struck by the beautiful-writing, the word flow and the author's  ability to paint a scene, & picture with words. This book makes one realise why Fitzgerald was regarded as the greatest writer of the 20th century. The finest tribute I can offer is in deeds not words. .That is I immediately bought his other books and am glad I did so."
"I never read Scott Fitzgerald,being an immigrant from the 50s. I would have liked to find out more  about that era, since the movie seemed superfical ,but very beautiful to look at. I found the book answered a few questions for me, but also seemed empty in the story line.  The conditions that would make the lifes of the people around Mr. Gatsby possible and worthwhile was very unrealistic. Were women  that limited?"
"The Great Gatsby is a very good elongated short story (novella); plus, It is a naration.  Fitzgerald never achieved the professional wherewithall required to take his significant talents to the level of true greatness.  Perhaps too much booze and self pity and too little effort?  Most of his writing seems to lack effort, this story certainly does.  However, very good is still very good.Bearclawthedonut"
"Before I read this book I asked people I knew if they had read it. Most people said it was a really good book but a few gave terrible reviews of it. After reading I can say it is a really good book, may have an ending that isn't pleasing to some, but a really good book nevertheless. My review is for you to read it yourself and find out. I liked it but I'm also a sucker for any romance at all. So, read ""old sport""!"
"Although The Great Gatsby may be overlooked by some, there is a lot of symbolism in this story, it's just not a story, but a lesson, I found it started off a little slow first chapter or two, but after that you'll be hooked into the lives of these people and find out what is next for Nick Carraway & his neighbor Jay Gatsby in the roaring 20's that Fitzgerald brings the old Jazz Age to life in this timeless classic"
"The Great Gatsby by F Scott Fitzgerald is popular at the moment because of the remake of the film.It is a novel describing the decadent lifestyle of Jay Gatsby in the Jazz Age, a term coined by F Scott Fitzgerald.It is set on West Egg near New York.F Scott Fitzgerald is a great American writer.I enjoyed reading The Great Gatsby and was impressed with F Scott Fitzgerald's style.Daffy"
"In high school, this text was part of our curriculum. Now, 10 years later, I was pleased to find that I could appreciate this book in a different way, and enjoyed contrasting my current perspective on the events in the book with my memory of it from high school. I am sure ten years from now will offer an understanding of this text at a whole new level.  I love novels like this, that evolve with you as you age!"
"From what I understand, this book is considered by those in the know to be among the very greatest of American novels, and the most important American novel of the 20th Century.  I don't really think it deserves such high  praise.  Although it is a penetrating look at 20's life- in all its excess-  the book falls short on plot and substance.  Sure there are greater  meanings (don't forget that green light) but reading it is not the pleasure  it could be for me.  Perhaps I feel this way because I find that much of  the writing, especially the dialogue, is still very much ingrained in  1920's culture.  Thus, I find it hard to see how it is so timeless in the  minds of so many people.  So, I personally would give 3 stars but its  ""greatness"" has got to be 5.  I will settle with 4."
"I think this one has legs.  It may really go somewhere, but only if it a movie based on it is rendered in 3D."
Good read. Enjoyed it as much this time as I did the first time many years ago. Looking forward to the movie.
"I enjoyed this book. The descriptions were lovely and rich, and Fitzgerald really captured life and put it in this book. It is about a midwesterner named Nick who goes to New York and meets several characters including the rich nextdoor neighbor Jay Gatsby. It then shows the progression of all of these people's relationships until the climax of the book. My only gripe would be that the characters are quite unlikeable. You can't relate to them. You can't sympathize with them. It's not that they're thinly drawn. They're not flat and two dimensional. One simply has to dislike all of these characters, though! The book would be perfect if I could at least have one character to hang on to, so to speak. Maybe see myself in. Despite that I still have to say it was an exceptional book."
Hard to follow at times. Maybe I missed something along the way but the ending was a complete surprise to me
"A well written book about a wealthy man in pusuit of the woman that he once loved. Observed mostly through the eyes of Nick, the neighbour, the Great Gatsby brilliantly sums up the idealism of the roaring twenties.A  touching love story and some wonderfully written extras, including Mrs  Wilson and Jordan. Tom is also a great villain type.Not as good as it is  cracked up to be, or anywhere near for that matter. Balzac has written  similar story's which are all vastly superior. F. Scott Fitzgerald seems to  get very caught up in his descriptions sometimes, spilling out metaphor  after metaphor describing someones beauty. This doesn't all fit so well in  a book under 200 pages.Never the less, very good, certainly worth  reading. Not a book for the ages however."
"Upon reading The Great Gatsby, I loved it!  I was forced to read it for my AP English class, and don't regret it one bit!  Fitzgerald has a way of drawing you into the book, so that you can't seem to put it down!  My  emotions were constantly changing...anger when I learned of Tom's affair,  mystery of the man known as Gatsby (before he is introduced by Nick), and  hope when it seems that Nick and Jordan might just hit it off.  It seemed a  bit strange that you never really know how Daisy is feeling, but Fitzgerald  obviously wanted it that way.  Once I learned how much the book really  related to his [Fitzgerald's] life, it took on a whole new meaning...in my  opinion fulfilling the comment that it's his greatest work ever.  I  recommend this book to all!  Two thumbs up!!!!"
"This beautifully wrought novel deserves all the praise it has received. From the incredible symbolism, to the perfectly intricate plot, this book is simple, perfect, elegance. To open this book is to be magically  transported into the world of 1920's America. While to many jaded  Americans, the ""American Dream"" is but a pipe dream, this book  makes those dreams real, if only for a little while. This might actually be  ""the"" novel of the 20th century.Please read the edition with  comments by Matthew J. Bruccoli, an incredible Fitzgerald scholar - -  sometimes the dialogue in the book is a bit hard to understand, but he  deciphers all the little nuances of the 1920's. If you still want to  believe in fairy tales, stop what you are doing and read this book!"
"This is a book about multiple people having multiple affairs and doing other such immoral things. I did appreciate the descriptive writing style/the light that things were described in (for example ""her voice is money""), because it gave a sort of dreamy feel to the novel. Aside from that, though, it was difficult to make myself keep reading (and I only stuck to it because I felt obligated to read it as several friends had said it was good) and I have to admit that nearer the end I sort of skimmed it, just to finish. Also, I never understood what was really so 'great' about Gatsby.I'm not denying that it's a good book (it's a classic; it has to be good), I'm just saying that I can't see very much of that good in it, and that others like me might not, either."
"This book is my favorite work of fiction and was such a fascinating read that it drew me in from the first sentence. (""In my younger and more vulnerable years my father gave me some advice that I've been turning over in my mind ever since."")Fitzgerald did a masterful job producing the setting, defining the characters, and connecting the reader viscerally to the conflict.I appreciate the context in which Fitzgerald wrote his defining piece, i.e., he was dealing with personal difficulties. It is evident Fitzgerald channeled his emotion into the book.Fitzgerald also had an absolutely terrible first title (i.e., On the Road to West Egg), which would have doomed the book to obscurity. Fortunately, he had an exceptional editor that worked with him to get it right."
"I've decided to read this title before watching the new movie, and have to say that I am pleasantly surprised by the clever ease of language used by the author. The story, told from a first person  point of view by a fellow named Nick Carroway, literally flows, and kept me engaged till the very last sentence with its witty remarks, and thoughtful elaboration of the high society, which could easily translate into present"
"I didn't fully appreciate this in high school when it was required reading. Now that I am older I decided to read it again. This time I was able to absorb the book from an adult perspective. The story could be set in modern times, the language would be slightly less refined though. The characters were well developed, and their motivations were clear. It was an insightful read with a tragic feel throughout.Must read!"
"I was not impressed.  Not much happened.  I didn't feel connected to the characters.  I think that was mainly because I didn't really get to know them.  I'm an avid reader and should have been able to read this in a day and it took me just over a week.  I'm not sure how this became a classic.  My daughter drug me to the movie after I read the book. I don't think I've ever said this before, but I liked the movie better."
I have already been contacted (due to my disappointed) by the seller. This pictured item is not what I received. It was not the book text I was searching for but this pictured cover. The seller has explained it was amazon that put the picture up of this original cover which they no longer have available.............so they sent me the same book with a different cover. It was the original cover that I was searching for.
"Well -told story of dreams unfulfilled, disconnected self-involved characters with no concerns for others except as it affects their lives based on their emotions of the moment.  An element of society that exists to day for money and their own pleasure.  The narrator, Nick, struggles with this group of people and sometimes joins and then leaves them entirely although he is fascinated by Gatsby and the choices he makes."
"This is a book that I would never read cover to cover. I was disappointed in the story line and the content of the book. However, I did enjoy listening to the audio book in my vehicle. The reader of the book adds inflections and voice tonations that a person does not do when reading a book by yourself. The book is excellently read. I am glad to have listened to it, because now I have no desire to go see the movie. STH"
"Years and years ago I read The Great Gatsby and couldn't figure out what was so great.  This time, I have a lot more experience behind me and I really appreciated the tale of obsession and searching.  The language itself was enjoyable, and that too would have been missed when reading it in my youth.  I recommend this book to all but it will hold more meaning for those who have experienced some wins and losses in life."
"The Great Gatsby is certainly a period piece that pays tribute to the excess of the 1920s. But more importantly, Fitzgerald's writing style is an excellent model for fiction writers looking for examples on charcter development. The author's descriptions are vivid, enticing, brutally honest, and, as far as I'm concerned, flawless. A beautifully tragic book and a must-read for any serious scholar of American literature."
"Certainly a great tease into the world of FSF fiction. Completely circular and incredibly finished, it is one of e few novels you will remember more by the things said in its contents as reflections and inner dialogues of its characters than by he story itself. An amazing read if you ask me, but the short-ride to that which I truly believe is THE great American novel, naturally by Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned"
"After not reading The Great Gatsby in high school I figured now would be better than never. One thing I loved about the book itself is how quick of a read it is, yet the amount of detail and character development in it is highly impressive. The Great Gatsby shows, although exaggerating to some extent, what love can do to a person and the possible tragedy of it too. If you haven't read it I highly recommend you do!!!"
"I found it hard to see why this book is so highly regarded when there is so much better American literature.  Yes it is a portrayal of a decadence in an age of affluence and there is a theme of love in the pursuit of a lover from the past, but there is little to love in this book and most of the characters are unlovable as well.  Perhaps the lavish films based on the book have added to its reputation."
I reread The Great Gatsby after maybe 50 years. Much of what I thought I remembered from reading the novel in school was not exactly accurate. I remembered the green light on Daisy's dock playing much more of a role than it actually does in the story. I remembered Gatsby died but did not remember how.It is short enough that it is probably worth reading much more often than every 50 years.
"The Great Gatsby was one of the greatest novels ever written.  The way that F. Scott Fitzgerald uses diffrent emotions really expresses how life in the 1920's were.  It also shows what love is really like, and how it can  make you do crazy thinks.  It can even lead to death. Gatsby learned that  the hard way.  If your into drama, action, and romance please read this  book.  You won't be disappointed."
"Finished re-reading this tonight, with a friend.  It remains among my favorite books and I am looking forward to the movie.It is not a perfect book but it is a perfect story with an unforgettable character.  Fitzgerald is a master and Gatsby may be his best showcase.Reading aloud is something we should rescue from middle school classrooms.  It goes good with wine and friends."
"At first I didn't want anything to do with this book. It was assigned as summer reading for my American Studies class. Before reading the book, I came online & read some of the reviews it received. I saw that a lot  people thought this book was excellent. Well I have to agree with them.  Fitzgerald moves a little slow in the beginning, but this story is so  romantic and it didn't bore me at all."
"I still love this book, love Gatsby.  After all these years, Gatsby holds up as a hero and a tragic figure.  I find I can recall lines from this poetic classic that pushes us against the undercurrents of the American Dream.  Everyone should re-read The Great Gatsby at different stages in their life and heights in their career."
"The Great Gatsby is by far most one of the best books I have ever purchased. I have to say it is one of F. Scott Fitzgerald's best novels. This novel really takes you back in time, the detail and sophistication that went into this novel really gives you a clear vivid view about all the events that are happening in the story. I would recommend this novel, especially if you are into the roaring 20's."
"F. Scott Fitzgerald's work The Great Gatsby is an exceptional novel.  In his work, Fitzgerald tells the story of a rich, but extremely lonely man in society hoping to win the affection of his former love.  Throughout the novel Fitzgerald includes a variety of hidden themes through his characters, which contribute to the quality of the novel.  Overall, this novel is an excellent and thoughtful read."
I read this for school. I loved the writing but hated EVERY character in this book. I think the story was interesting enough to keep me reading but by the end I wanted to pull my hair out of my scalp. I could believe how each character made their decisions with an actual functioning brain. I guess that is the idea. Their brain wasn't functioning. One of the few classics that I wouldn't read again.
So this book comes either first or second on the top 100 books of all time. With the movie coming out I thought it was time I read it.Don't get it.It may have been a ground breaking book in its day but it's not even that well written. I expected so much more that a story about a bunch of rich people with more money than sense messing around on Long Island. Who gives a shit.
It was fun to re-read this book after so many years (won't get into how many years)!  Our book group read it now since the newest version of the movie is due out in early 2013.  Re-reading it now plus having recently seen the 1974 version (with Robert Redford as Gatsby) helped clarify so much of the book that I missed when I was younger.  It makes it clear why it is considered an American classic.
"This is one of the only books I read in high school that I remember vividly. This is one of the great American novels. It is is not a very long book, but it truly captures the time, and upper crust New York life. The characters are wonderful and the plot moves quickly. There are references to many things that happened in the 20's and issues of the time. The ending was pretty anticlimactic as well."
"I remember this from high school when I had to read it for class and analyze it for symbolism, etc. It was much more enjoyable this time, and I got more out of it I think. While there are no characters I actually LIKED, since none of them really have any redeeming personality characteristics, they are all pretty interesting- especially Gatsby himself. Worth a read if you haven't read it recently."
"This book is one of the very few that I had happened to read after watching the move, needless to say, it did not disappoint. The Great Gatsby is full of noteworthy insight and an original storyline that is very intriguing. The love that Gatsby shows, despite the outcome, is inspiring but saddening at the same time. However, long story short, I very much enjoyed reading this and am 16 years old."
"The Great Gatsby truly is magical. It takes you on an amazing ride of emotions, from being piqued at the beginning to depressed at the end. Although the story isn't brilliant, the beauty of this book isn't in the story. It's the narrative that wins you over. It's how the author puts his spin on situations that is so awe-inspiring. Fitzgerald is a writer par excellence and this book is a classic."
"This is still one of the great works in literature!  The saying that the book is usually better than the movie certainly applies to ""TheGreat Gatsby.""  The movies that have been made cannot do justice to the words that Fitzgerald put to paper.So do yourself a favor and read this classic for the first time, or again, but concentrate and appreciate on the depth of the writing."
"Never thought about the font size when I ordered this book and, when it arrived, my daughter, who has a vision issue, couldn't read the font.  Contacted the seller to return the book and I could not have asked for a better experience!  Seller was very understanding and accommodated the return without a problem. These folks were amazingly wonderful to work with and I would highly recommend them."
"Everyone needs to read this all-time literary classic.  Even if your high school English teacher made you loath it, give it another shot as an adult.  He is truly a master of imagery and story telling craft: “The city seen from the Queensboro Bridge is always the city seen for the first time, in its first wild promise of all the mystery and the beauty in the world.” - what are you waiting for?"
"I'm not going to try to compete with more detailed reviews. I'll just sum up by saying I grew up reading a lot of great literature and my husband is not a reader at all, but he said this was his favorite book so I finally read it and get why everyone has always raved about it. It's very smart and apparently accessible to a wide range of ages as my husband read this when he was in grade school."
Well I guess I could write a long lengthy review telling you how great this book is and how much I enjoyed it.  The problem is all those reviews have been written many times over by others.  So I can only hope to add to the well deserved praise for Scott and his great work.  I most recently read this during an afternoon in central park.  What a great way to spend an afternoon in a great city.
"They say that you cannot go home again; this also holds true for literature. Having read this book many, many years ago in public school, I decided to 're-visit the story of Daisy and Jay as,told by observer Nick. The beautiful writing of Fitzgerald still holds up thru the years;  however, I was just as confused as I was way back then.  I still cannot believe what all the fuss is about when it comes to this book's story. The only value I still find is the author's descriptive praise of those crazy days of the roaring 20's and the ""lost"" generation.,,,"
"This is a masterpiece of decadance and cruelty, where everyone is looking for happiness and success in all the wrong places.  From the superficial Daisy and the bitchy Jordan to the ridiculous men with their thoroughbreds  and sports cars, Nick seems to be the only one with any self respect or  moral virtue.  The famous final page sums up everything F. Scott Fitzgerald  needs to tell us in ""The Great Gatsby,"" that from the very  beginning, America was doomed to become nothing more than an endless party  in which no one even knows why they're even there."
"I read this novel in my late teens, then read it again recently for a high school English literature course I was teaching. Upon the second read, I discovered new things to love about the book that I had missed when I read it the first time. I think people who have lived in New York or Long Island would find the setting nostalgic and alluring. Wonderful prose, and a wonder slice of 1920s Americana. Regarding teaching this book to a young and especially to a non-American audience, requires a lot of pre-teaching, about the time, place and about Fitzgerald himself."
"I like the book but I have it this rating because it jumped very quickly from one thing to another. I like that the book has so much detail, and the way Nick looked at things was amazing. What I didn't like is that it did jump from place to place. I think it would have been even better than it already is if it was from Gatsby or Daisy's phone of view. Don't get me wrong it was a amazing book. I do not recommend it to children who read advanced books (such as myself). I do recommend it to people that love the littlest things in life. It is a great romantic novel."
"Once you get into thew story it was deep and thought provoking. It is the story of Jay Gatsby, a poor boy who made it rich, and his obsession with a girl/woman, Daisy. The story is about superficial, self absorbed, shallow people living empty lives. Jay seemed to be the centre of everything and provided entertainment for everyone who cared to come to his place. When he got murdered none of his 'friends' came to his funeral. When specifically asked they all made excuses. Written in 1925, it received very poor reviews, possibly as it was a mirror of those times."
"This is the great American novel? What am I missing? I never had to read it in high school so I've always wondered what the fuss was about so I finally decided to check it out. Don't get me wrong, it was good and I enjoyed it but in a distracting summer-read type of way. If this is the great American novel then it's no wonder we still hold Shakespeare in such high regard. Worth reading? Yes. Life changing? Not so much. Quality writing? Definitely. Great literature? Perhaps on a structural level but I wouldn't put this on my deserted desert island reading list."
"Excellent book that I'd recommend for those trying to gobble up as many classic titles as we can find the time for.  Gatsby's obsession, and the way the book provides a bit of action, love story, and manages to transport the reader to another era with so little effort, makes this title more than worthwhile.  The last sentence is considered to be one of the great lines of literature, and the journey to that final page was enjoyable, every step of the way.  It certainly had me pondering the price and value of love in the context of early modern American culture."
"Sigh. Gasp. Adore. I abandoned all responsibilities and read this gem of a book straight through one morning. Nick Carraway, Jay Gatsby, Tom and Daisy...all became real, and their message resonates. So this is freedom. This is carefree. This is liberation. And then line that stops me cold, every time: ""They were careless people...they let other people clean up the mess they had made.""  I am now a forever and eternal fan of the great F. Scott Fitzgerald. This is life. This is beauty. This is pain. And in a spare and taut 180 page book, he has memorialized it for us all. Thank you."
This is a very good book to read and I would recommend it to anyone to read.
"About the physical book:This printing is of good quality.About the story:The Great Gatsby is a fascinating and unique love story with elements of economic class structure. Most people will enjoy the story, I do not want to divulge it in this review.Recipe for a great experience:First read the book, then watch the 1974 film with Robert Redford as Jay Gatsby, finally watch the 2013 film with Leonardo DiCaprio as Jay Gatsby. I followed this recipe and it was a great experience for me. I find the story very captivating."
"The epitome of a perfectly-crafted novel. The most exquisite fruit that American literature has to offer. Each time I read 'The Great Gatsby' I am confronted with a novel that gets better and better with each reading. If you haven't read 'The Great Gatsby' at least once, then read it. And simmer in the pleasant warmth and amorphous pastel scenes that Fitzgerald has expertly-crafted."
"It cannot be possible that the world needs another review of the Great Gatsby.  It's the book everybody reads because it is assigned in school or because everyone else has already read it and you don't want to be left out.  I heard they even made a movie out of it too.  No bad movie has ever been made from a back book, so you figure this has to be a winner.  It's really that great."
"Somehow, I got through school without having this as required reading. I don't know what I expected, but this was not it. It is a tale of obsession, with miscommunication and selfishness by multiple players resulting in tragedy and misunderstanding.  It is expertly written, but I am surprised it is considered a classic. A lot of shorts in monthlies like The New Yorker are as good."
"The book is short.  Quick read.  Not fleshed out very well.  It's a sad story about how one can build up something to the point that it will never be what is wanted.  I've heard about this book for ages and with the coming movie, I decided it was time to read it.  I wish I had waited for the movie.  The book was a big let down.  I gave it 3 stars because I liked the writing style."
"I wanted to re-read my favorite novel before the Leo Dicaprio movie came out, but was cautious after reading that the Kindle Version had formatting erros to the point that many gave it only 1 star.  I have found no issues with the Kindle version and am very happy that I have it now, because I lost my time-beaten copy while frequently moving from apartment to apartment in college."
"I was never required to read this in high school, so I decided to knock it out before seeing the new movie. I am so glad I did. This story was constantly moving and had great imagery to draw the reader in. I loved the storyteller, Daisy's cousin, and his perspective on the characters. It is a classic that everyone must pick up. I am so happy I met Jay Gatsby in this masterpiece."
"There has never been a better example of why some works of fiction never make a worthwhile transition from the page to the screen. And Fitzgerald's wonderful prose shows why this is held to be a true American classic of modern literature.So do yourself a favour: don't waste your money on Luhrman's over-hyped, flashy, cinematic drivel and instead go straight to the source."
I suppose I expected to be swept away by this great American novel but instead forced myself to finish it. Parts of the book were gripping but most of the book was boring. It is a tragedy of sorts but why? What's the point? I only read the book because I'm going to see the movie and like to read the book first. I'm hoping the movie clues me in on something I must have missed.
"Reread this because of the new movie's release. I'd forgotten how much I'd liked the story. Fitzgerald's style is subtle, his metaphors and symbols intriguing.Many of my English teachers friends who teach this book each year, speak of it with reverence. They all enjoy sharing this book with young readers. Now I see why. Maybe someday I'll have that privilege, too."
I can't believe I didn't remember any of this book from high school. I absolutely love it! It is soo scandalous and absolutely tragic. It is a book that really stays with you...one of my favorites ever.It depicts human nature in a way that is honest...but in no way admirable and leaves you with a great sense sadness for the wrecklessness and selfishness of some actions.
"Not great but I liked it.  Considering that it was an F. Scott Fitzgerald book I think I expected something a bit 'heavier'.  However, I wanted to read it before I saw the movie and I am glad I did.  I was quite surprised that the movie followed the book precisely and was better that I expected.  Most of the time I find that my own mental vision of a story is better than a movie but not this time.  Both are worth your while."
"I recently read this book for my 11th grade Honors English class.  I was only assigned to read up to page 30 but I just kept on reading.  This is truly a classic piece of American literature.  Not only is the book  enjoyable, it is easy to read.  This book shapes the Jazz Age as it tells a  tale of lives of the people in it.  F. Scott Fitzgerald also throws in a  few autobiographical notes as well.  This is a wonderful book."
"The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald, the authorized text, takes us back to the roaring 1920's.  A story about a wealthy Jay Gatsby and his determined love for the beautiful Daisy Buchanan.  Every character is  interesting and represents some essential lesson or dramatic point of view  of the 1920's.  Great novel, you must read it, and read between the lines  for there is much to be learned from this superior work of art."
"This is a very solid classic. I would recommend it to anybody.The last line of the book didn't really hit me at first. I thought it was backwards. Aren't we dragged into the future? Well, I realized when I saw Fitzgerald's grave that, try as we might, we'll all be pulled into the past -- nothing more than a vague memory.""So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past."""
"I just ordered this book as a gift for a friend and when it came I was so delighted with the quality that I purchased another one for myself, even though I already own several copies of Gatsby. The font is clear and easy to read and pages are laid out well for ease of reading as well. Titles and chapter headings are in a lovely art deco font and the illustrations are an attractive addition. Definitely a gift quality item."
"After seeing the movie with Leonardo DiCaprio and the older one with Robert Redford I wanted to read the book.  I wanted to carefully be able to reread parts I remembered from my high school reading.  Reading the book reinforces the the images I saw in the movie, and allowed me to see where the movie producers used artistic license to modify the story line.  The recent movie is outstanding, and reading the book is a must."
"The story (if written with the purpose of criticizing the society in 60s) was a good one. However, it has a shocking sad end and it gives a feeling of emptiness to the reader. So if you are interested in such a book, at least I would recommend that you read it when you are in a good mood. But I personally didn't gain anything from reading it except that now I know the story and can see the movie just because of Decaprio!"
"I read this book for the first time in high school, so when I had to analyze it for one of my college courses I was quite excited.Of course this book have been cross-analyzed in every way possible, that's what makes this book so wonderful. People can get their own conclusions about Gatsby, Nick, and Daisy and no one is particularly wrong. It is a quick read and for the price that I paid on Amazon, it can't be beat."
"I give this book a high rating because it held my interest, I loved the characters, and I couldn't put it down. I wanted to read the book before I saw the movie, and I never was assigned this text in school, so I decided to buy it on Amazon. Once I finished the book, I had no desire to see the movie, and I have yet to view the film. I'm sure I will see it some day, but for now, I'm satisfied with what I read in the book."
"Like so many others I read this in high school.  At the time I was moved by the tragedy of love lost; all that touches the heart and imagination of a young girl.  This time around, I detached from the drama which I found to be one-noted.  I enjoyed, however, descriptions of the era and a greater appreciation for Fizgerald and his writing style.  What else will I newly discover with his other books?  I intend to find out."
"Since I missed the movie, I wanted to read the book.  Now that the Movie is out on DVD I'll buy it. I want to see how authenticly the director treated the charicters. The book was good.  But I realized being an ""old"" classic, most of the plot's twists & turns have been done over and over until they're predictable.  Maybe that's a compliment for Fitzgerald's writing."
"In my younger and more vulnerable years I thought this was a great novel.  Forty years later I realize it's far greater than I dreamed.  Slim, elegant, timelessly fashionably, it is the priceless Swiss watch of literature.  Seriously, it's amazing that such a short novel could be so densely packed with the truth about US.  And I always wanted to grow up to be Nick Carraway."
"This novel tells the story of Jay Gatsby, a middle aged man who is both mysterious and materialistic. You will meet those who are closest to him and see how there interwoven lives play out through the lying, cheating, and corrupt society in which they are willingly living in. This book was very good and i recommend it to anyone who is looking for a short but good read."
"I remember being force fed this as a h.s. student, and it went soaring overhead, for the most part. I really enjoyed this much more when I needed to read it to tutor a student now. The story of adultery, trying to recapture the past, remaking your past to suit your desires, all of that - resonates much more when read in my middle to late middle years. Give it another try!"
"A wonderfully intricate story, told in Fitzgerald's most polished prose style, which confronts issues of materialism, identity, dreams, self-worth, and mortality.  This story is as relevant today as it was when it was written almost 80 years ago for its denunciation of, and simultaneous admiration for, the moneyed class and the stupidity which so often accompanies wealth."
"I vaguely remember having to read this book many years ago in high school. Unfortunately, for me, I cruised through my English Lit classes barely awake. Now, as an adult, I am discovering those things I did not pay attention to back then and am enjoying every minute. I am half way through The Great Gatsby and have purchased the Robert Redford version of the movie on DVD."
"I read this book in high school as a required read and fell in love with it. I become captured inside the story the way Nick admires Gatsby and Gatsby sees Daisy, as if there is no other woman in the world but her. The dialogue, the quotes, the parties, the hope, everything about this story is beautiful and I am enjoying every page again, 10 years after my virginal read."
"An interesting read. The style of writing is descriptive and not very difficult to understand. The comment on Daisy by Gatsby ""Her voice is full of money"" is explanatory itself. And the last paragraph where the  author describes the future as a green pasture which eludes us , but we  strech our arms further every evening and one fine morning .... is  brilliant."
"The Great Gatsby for me was a haunting and beautiful book on the darker side of 'making it' in America.  Are we truly the classless society that we hold dear?  What is the trance that a woman with it all can have on a man without?  The Great Gatsby may not answer any particular questions, but it does provide the necessary fodder for one to muse in their own quiet times."
"Will always remain a classic because it deals with universal themes between men and women that does not change with time. Holds up well nearly a century later, due just as much to the elegant writing as subject matter. Read it before the movie came out, and have to say in no way diminished Hollywood's product. Made me pay more attention to notice the differences ha ha."
"F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Great Gatsby with such ambiguity that it was always amazing to read certain scenes of the book and wonder,'did he mean that, or that?' The Great Gatsby, albeit a tragic tale, is a great novel and representation of the ugly nature of the American Dream. If you think the movie was great, wait till you read the book. You'll be dazzled by it."
"This book is a great piece of American Literature and gives a wonderful commentary on wealth, status, and the American Dream in the 1920s. However, I feel like the reason it's gotten two movie versions is simply because teenagers are forced to read and analyze this book for hours. The book is undeserving of some of the praise it gets, but it is still a very good read."
"This is the second, no third, wait, gotta be the fourth time I've read Gatsby! Finely, after seeing the latest Gatsby movie it made sense. Everybody knows the story, so lets not repeat it here. Just say that Gatsby, a '20s Don Draper, comes to life on the screen. And in doing do give life and understanding to a short dry little book high school English teachers love."
"This modern classic paints a vivid picture of the shallowness and dishonesty of high society and of the futility of pursuing nostalgic dreams.  Fitzgerald's characters are very believable, but all tend toward being loathsome, pathetic, or some combination of the two.  This is one of those books that is definitely engaging and memorable, but not necessarily enjoyable."
"Recommend now along with Hemingway because these are becoming relevant again, with the modern young generations housing very little humanity and what remains of us we must hold onto at the expense of our morals. We're becoming a lost generations and novels/stories of this caliber can serve to guide us. Use it as a didactic tale when you read anyone from the Jazz Age"
"I bought a used one that said it may have some highlighting. Great. An annotated copy. Works for me. But it had random things highlighted. There were different colors on the same page so I thought each different color meant something. Nope. It was so distracting, I couldn't get through the first chapter. If this isn't distracting to you, go ahead and buy a used one."
"Considered the ""Great American Novel"" for a reason. Poetic writing, irony, and story are absorbing and timeless as much of Gatsby's world is still around today. Lessons in character and an investigation of values make this book a learning experience. Although the construction is formulaic, the writing, the themes, and characters make this book a work of art."
"I really enjoyed this story - I had heard of this book, movie, etc. but I really knew nothing about it.  It was a new twist on a love story surrounded by money, power and class.  The current movie with Leonardo DiCaprio was very entertaining - the clothing and decor of the early part of the 1900's was fascinating and held fairly true to the novel.  Highly recommend."
"I began reading The Great Gatsby expecting it to be decent, to be sure, but not for it to be spectacular. I was wrong. It is the best written book that I have ever read, and it is one of my favorites.Fitzgerald's use of the english language is nothing short of amazing. His eloquence is jealousy inspiring.I would recommend this book to anyone."
"Never stating Gatsby's 'profession', besides his love for Daisy gives a subtle creepiness. Wanting to always see Jay in his glory, even after climatic tragedy, Daisy was tainted in my mind; love can cause and create a sky full of stars, roses to bloom, and a man striving for a pure love with pure intentions- nevertheless I would love to have that kind of adoration."
"The Great Gatsby is the reason that I found a love for literature, and a big reason that I am wanting to be an English teacher. F. Scott Fitzgerald is by far my favorite author because of his uniqueness and truth found in his writing. This novel, like many other works by Fitzgerald, is a classic. Everybody should read this book in some point of their life. It might just change theirs, like it changed mine."
"Not sure why this novel is considered one of the greatest in literature. I found it dull and uneventful. Fitzgerald offers readers plenty of description and unnecessary details, but hardly any substance or story. The characters were flat and unlikable. In the end I found myself indifferent toward any of them. To me, The Great Gatsby was just boring and after all the hype about it, I was quite disappointed."
"Very few books have that intangible quality that elevates them from the merely great to the status of classic.  THE GREAT GATSBY has, along with all of its obvious strengths, that undefinable ""something"" that  makes it unforgettable.  Of my other favorite books, only THE TRIUMPH AND  THE GLORY, perhaps SOPHIE'S CHOICE, and Ayn Rand's stunning THE  FOUNTAINHEAD compare to Fitzgerald's masterpiece."
"I decided to read the book after watching the newest movie release of ""the Great Gatsby"". I loved the movie sets, graphics, and costumes, however the storyline seemed jagged. I guessed that the story by Fitzgerald was probably less theatrical, and much more intellectually satisfying. My guess was correct. I should have read this story years ago. It should be on everyone's ""must read"" list."
"This is an excellent novel, filled with fascinating characters and recognition of superficiality.  Gatsby (born Gatz) is a man of mystery, almost like Kurtz of Conrad's Heart of Darkness.  Much like the Conrad book, a certain aura surrounds Gatsby--he is a man of mysterious abilities and unknown origins.  I would recommend to anyone this story about a bootlegger whose prepetual party comes to a fatal end."
"I was glad to see the price come down on this classic - reading just ""thoughtless"" books can get boring!  I have always enjoyed F. Scott Fitzgerald even when I read his work in University.  This is his (in my opinion) his my simple yet best work!  (Just an aside, if anyone likes FSF, get the collection of short stories and some novels - Benjamin Button is not what the movie is, yet captivating!)"
"This book wasn't the book I ordered. It had a different cover then expected from the original book. I needed that one for a class and when you have a different book the page #'s are off and the text. I'm disappointed and the only reason I'm giving you two stars is Becuase the book was at least in the condition you said. If I would have know the book was going to be different, I would have not bought it."
"This is one of those books that has been read, sometimes required reading, for years although I am not quite sure why.  It's a good read, but I didn't think it was an amazing, must read book.  Granted it's well written and not difficult to read so go ahead and check it off your list. You'll be glad you did so that when references are made to it you'll know what people are talking about or writing about."
"I had heard about this book all my life. I didn't read it in school and I never was the movie. Mia Farrow was a main reason for me not watching it. But I thought why didn't I read this, it's a classic? To me it came off like I was reading a screenplay without the extra notes. Dialogue cut off and thoughts never finished.While not as painful as Wuethering Heights, I just did not enjoy the writing."
"I am reading the book as part of a list of the 100 books a man should read put out by a website, The Art of Manliness. I had seen the movie recently and was pleasantly surprised how closely it followed the book.  The book itself is wonderful, a very detailed story of a man's attempt to rise above his ordinary beginnings, but the obsession that consumes his life and dooms him to failure.  A great read!"
"I am late coming to read this book. I heard it recommended on NPR.  Sorry that I did not read it much sooner. The book has been reviewed and revered by brighter minds than mine and I will  bow to their expertise. I would summarize by saying that Fitzgerald tells in beautiful language that fortune, and fame are illusory. True friendship and love cannot be purchased."
"This new version of an old classic was done in true Baz Luhrmann style very ""Moulin Rouge"" crazy at first but then a true love story reveals itself, Toby is great, Leo is stunning and great, the story well it is beautiful and they scenery in this movie is lovely, so worth watching, even my husband liked it and this is not his jaundra, I highly recommend it!"
"I read this back in 7th grade and again in high school.  I thought it was fantastically written and very insightful into the human spirit.  Reading it after having lived life a few years and experiencing a lot of the world, Fitzgerald's descriptions and literary prose has proven exemplary especially in today's literary world of formula novels and Hollywood glamour."
"I'm not sure if it's possible to not like this book. It's eloquently written and interesting. A classic love story, that will remain timeless. If you were forced to read it in high school and didn't like it I suggest a quick revisit to the timeless tale. It was wonderful. I'd recommend it to anyone and since it's a short book it only takes a weekend to get through."
"Can't identify good literature when they see it. Fitzgerald masterfully pulls off second-person narration. He crafted each sentence to create one legendary masterpiece. It's a complete story with each scene dependant on  the next and written at a steady pace. Meaning, it contains three distinct  parts, a beginning,middle and end, lacking tongue and cheek wordiness."
"I didn't realize how good ""The Great Gatsby"" was until I read an excerpt about it a year later. You may have to read it for school, but once you do, you'll be blown away. It's so much more complex than just talking about the green light's symbolism! There's Gatsby's obsession that makes him a tragic figure, the American Dream...ah, the layers. A must-read!"
It's so great to revisit this classic and admire the sheer economy of writing style of the author. Characters are defined by their attitudes and behaviors and there is not a word used to excess. The themes touched upon by the author still hold up today; it's never a good time to waste a life in chasing the wrong dreams. It wasn't true then and it isn't true today.
"This book was really good the only thing is that you have to reread some parts because they can get confusing because the narrator changes the scene. He could be telling the story or having a flashback and it can get confusing  but other that b that I recommend this book it has a little bit of everything. It has romance, death, parties, cheating, and a good story."
"I am reading it tn bits between more interesting books...I may never finish it...The writing/ speaking style of the characters though likely correct for the period is a bit annoying at times, just slows down an already wearying work of literary indulgence created for the critics of the day not the general public.Read it if you must..."
"Words can not express how much this story means to me; Love, life, and despair may help, but some how falls short in showing the complexity of this wonderful novel. The last time I read a stupendous book like this was one was The Road to Mars by Eric Idle. This is an absolute must read for anyone that cares about great works of art be it in written or visual form."
"This was required reading in high school (back in the dark ages) and I didn't ""get it"" then.  Wanted to re-read before seeing the movie, as a lot of people did.  I get it now!!! Wonderful imagary, wonderful themes, wonderful look into an era that we can learn from today.  Reading is so much more fun when you don't have to write a paper or take a test!"
Love love love this book. I wanted a review before going and seeing the movie so I bought this book. I was not disappointed. Fitzgerald does some character building and background stories intertwined with this love story and them BAM! action at the end. It end with a reflection by the narrator so it doesn't quite feel like you were left hanging in the wind.
"I was not forced to read this in school. I choose to read it, and I am not entirely sold on the idea that this book is some kind of master work. Since I have to take some time to think about the book and characters, I suppose it is worthy of some praise but I do not know exactly what to say about the book. Questions left unanswered. No answers can be found."
"I agree with JoeyB. Obviously Textorcist didn't pay attention to detail.  Reading a book isn't the same thing as comprehending a book.  Regardless of whether he or she liked the book, a review written by someone who didn't comprehend the book is not helpful. A review such as Textorcist's could be misleading, thank you JoeyB for pointing this out."
Rereading all the classics and very few of them can give me such a great time like this one so far. I like collecting book so the hardcover version was definitely an eye candy in the bookshelf. Don't hesitate to read this master piece again. You will have a totally different experience when you are reading this as a 24 years old vs.  a high school student!
"Well, all I can say is that there is not a word out of place!  People that claim this is a book about the Jazz Age are merely scraping the surface....it's so much more.  It covers what is right and wrong with the American dream, mainly what is wrong, but does so with deftness and beauty.  It is audacious, haunting and manages to improve with each reading!"
"It is a very easy reading book.  I enjoyed it, but I really don't know why it is considered a classic of American literature.  The story is ok, but nothing special.  I actually re-read it, the last time I ready it was in high school as required reading, because of the movie which is just being released.  In reality it was't as good as I had remembered it."
"I remember reading this in high school.  I felt totally different about it now, reading it as an adult.Talk about selfish and hypocritical.  Daisy was as selfish as they come. So dependent on money for her happiness.I really disliked her and Tom by the end of the book.  I really liked the story though.  F. Scott Fitzgerald was a great writer."
"I was a little optimistic when I started the book and wasn't sure if I was going to like it or even want to finish it, however, after the 3rd chapter I really got into the book and couldn't put it down. I wasn't expecting the ending at all though. That was a shocker for me and quite sad in a sense. Great book though. I will be reading it again for sure."
"This book was very deep.  You really had to concentrate to get the whole message of the story.  It reminded me of the movie ""A Beautiful Mind"" which was a challenge from the beginning.  I would not recommend this to entry level readers but for those of us who are avid readers and read for the challenge of the message this is the one to read..  I"
"I just finished reading the book. I can't say that it was the best book I have ever read, it wasn't. It was somewhat boring. While reading I was hoping it could get better but it didn't. I am somewhat disappointed in this book, it wasn't what I have imagined this book to be. I had higher expectations of this book then it really ended up to be to me.  :("
"Reading this as an adult made a huge difference in how much I appreciated the story. I feel like I would have liked just a bit more detail throughout the story and at the end to flesh out some of the relationships, but many classics leave a lot to the imagination and for the reader to discern.A great read. Looking forward to the movie now!"
F. Scott Fitzgerald hardly needs a rating from me. I picked up the book because of all the publicity associated with the most recent film version of the story. Film reviews seemed to universally pan the film so I made no to see the film. The book was very enjoyable mostly for the writing style. The author has a unique way of using words and sentences.
Do not remember having to read this while in school but I am glad I am now going back to the past to reread books in most cases I was too young to appreciate. Terrific period piece places you right there in the early 1900's and being pulled into Fitzgerald's imaginary world. And be careful to pay particular attention to the use of colors in this work.
"If you really enjoyed, The Great Gatsby, read it again. Then check out ""Trimalchio: An Early Version of The Great Gatsby."" There are a some tidbits in there that are not in the final book. Plus, you'll notice some of the edits that are interesting. But you sort of need ""an ear"" to catch them, which you'll get on a second or third read."
"Tim Robbins' smooth rendition brings this excellent classic to life under audio format, pairing an unabridged presentation with letters narrated by Robert Sean Leonard covering Fitzgerald's writings to his editor and his agents and friends. The pairing of the literary classic in audio with this background set of insights makes for an involving listen."
"Personally I think it's not one of my favorites, but it has a great message to the audience. I think it is very heavily influenced by symbolism. The green light, the rich dressed in white, the eyes of T. J. Eckleburg, the overly lavish parties, and many more aspects of the book show that morality declines when people become selfish and materialistic."
"I like how Fitzgerald describes each and every scene. He really makes the scene come alive for the reader, but beware, you must find a quiet place to read this book because the author is so detailed. If you miss a detail, then something else later in the book may not make sense. So be sure to rid all distractions before sitting down to read this one."
This book was one of the most adorable books ever.  It amazed me that Fitzgerald made so many references to transient yet important moments in life which we usually take for granted in life.  It evoked feelings in me that made me think of the emotions behind a first kiss or the ones evoked when watching a couple bloom and fall apart.  Simply Amazing.
"I loved this book. I chose this rating because it has a certain familiarity to all readers. Myself and other friends who have read this book can relate to at least on character. It's so gripping, I couldn't put it down. I would recommend this book to anyone looking for a terrific read. There is a reason as to why it was named, ""One of the Classics""."
"""Maybe if this person ('Textorcist ""me"" (saschatuan)) was more educated and payed batter attention to the book he or she would like it more. In order to appreciate a book you must first understand it,"" wrote one reviewer in response to another.-you couldn't mean PAID better attention, could you? Judge not lest ye be judged.While I also disagree with Textorcist's opinion, it's clear that (just possibly) this person read the book for school, wasn't interested enough in the book to really weigh the motifs and subplots of the book, and just read it to have read it. In order to appreciate anything, you must have the common sense to know that not everyone will.95/100 people will tell you Gatsby is a masterpiece, and for good reason. Anyone who comes to this Amazon page looking to purchase the book probably couldn't care less about reviews of something so universally known as ""great."" There's no need to take a cheap shot at someone who didn't ""get"" the book. With his/her mindset, I think that review was spot on, entirely accurate. Not every reviewer is going to be a self-involved Scholar, friend.Read Gatsby. If you love it, write a little review about it and reflect on what you loved about it. If you don't like it, write a little review about it and reflect on what you thought was wrong with it. Come back later and read it again and you may find something you didn't notice before, but everyone else seems to see.Thank you for your review, Textorcist. It's nice to have a few negative reviews, even if they're slightly misinformed. I hope you'll give Gatsby another try later in life. To his critic: get over yourself."
"It was interesting at some points, but the story is quite dull. And it also promotes a very unhealthy relationship (between Daisy and Gatsby). I had to get this for a class - and it was not the worst read, believe me - and I did get a good price for it. Especially since while it was worn and full of writing, it was still readable and held together."
"I read this book for a class at school, which is normally a chore, but it was a wonderful and engaging read with a story that was interesting to follow and memorable and important characters. It is a classic in American Literature and is well worth a read if you somehow left High School without first being able to take part in this fantastic novel!"
"The Great Gatsby epitomizes the idea of the American Dream. Fitzgerald’s ability to write an intricate plot that carefully places each individual character into a role on the American Dream showcases his superb writing skills and intellectual capacity. This was one of the best books I’ve read. It is often debated about whether the title of this book was literal or figuratively. I believe that when you read the book, the answer to that question is based on your opinion on Gatsby’s actions.Just like the American Dream, the Great Gatsby shows its readers that even when you work hard to get what you want, it doesn’t always go as planned--- but there’s always an opportunity that you can take. In this book, there are several symbols that must be acknowledge in order to gain a complete perspective of what Fitzgerald was writing. Some of those symbols include: colors (yellow, green, white, blue, etc.), time/clock, Valley of Ashes, eyes of Dr. T.J Eckleburg, location, weather and a green light. These symbols signify the life and state of America during the 1920’s. The entire book is narrated by Nick Carroway, an observant neighbor of Gatsby, who describes the lives of the cheaters, liars, manipulators, and abused.Fitzgerald shows us that even when everything looks good, it won’t stay good for long. Gatsby’s nostalgic lifestyle and strong determination catapults him from rags to riches. The other characters in the book help to show the frivolous lives and dreams that people of the 1920’s held."
I found it hard to follow exactly what was going on until revealed later in the story.
Not same as description but doesn't matter still good
"A true representation of the blindness and addictive nature of love.  Even the phrasing of the writer seems to reflect the emotional transitions between surreality, reality and the gray in between. Classic!"
"Don't buy this edition, it has serious typesetting problems like broken paragraphs, extra spacing between letters of a single word e things like ""Free eBooks"" in the middle of the text!I later bought this one - http://www.amazon.com/dp/B000FC0PDA/ref=pe_385040_118058080_TE_M1T1DP - which doesn't show such problems."
Simply breathtaking....I found myself reading it slowly because I didn't want it to end
"I love Classic Literature and The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald is defiantly that! It’s a fictional story that gives the reader a glimpse into the roaring 20’s, a little of what life was like, the parties, the excess and attitudes. The book opens with the main character Nick Carraway still in the mid-west and consulting his family about going to New York. His family is agreeable to this because his cousin Daisy Buchanan and her husband are there also. So Nick ends up on New York as a bonds broker and renting a small house next door to Jay Gatsby. Of course he hears and see’s the extravagant parties and soon he’s invited as a guest. During the course of events everyone guesses how Gatsby made his money and many rumors go around. Soon Gatsby begins to reveal bits about himself to Nick, but Nick seems to know that it’s a lie that Jay has rehearsed many times over. Eventually Gatsby’s true intentions are revealed to Nick that involves his cousin Daisy. The story includes more the one tale of infidelity among those who are married, and how Nick Carraway gets caught up for a time in all the glamour and the secrets of peoples lives. Even though this book was written in the early 20th Century it’s still very relevant today in many ways. I love the way the book is written and how it all flows so smoothly together, along with many pointed quotes by the main characters are pointedly places through out the book. My favorite however sums up how some people really are. “They were careless people, Tom and Daisy--they smashed up things and creatures and then retreated back into their money of their vast carelessness, or whatever it was that kept them together, and let other people clean up the mess they had made."" (Chapter 9) Another quote is from Daisy saying about her daughter, ""I hope she'll be a fool--that's the best thing a girl can be in this world, a beautiful little fool... You see, I think everything's terrible anyhow... And I know. I've been everywhere and seen everything and done everything."" (Chapter 1) Maybe that worked for women in the past but certainly not in the present. It’s a wonderful read that I highly recommend!"
"I read this novel every 5-10 years because it is for me a reminder of the cost of living a shallow life. Daisy and Tom Buchanan ( ""the sort of people who break things and leave others to clean up the mess""), the desperate Myrtle Wilson ( Tom's mistress), her husband George (she calls him ""too dumb to live""), the ultimate free-loader Klipspringer, the gambler  Meyer Wolfsheim, the dishonest Jordan Baker and the hundreds of party-goers who find their way to Gatsby's mansion all have their real-life counterparts not only in roaring twenties East and West Egg but wherever users and those they use are gathered,Only the central character Jay Gatsby, the least despicable of the lot, remains faithful to his misguided vision and the narrator,Nick Carroway, who admires him even while recognizing his absurdity win the reader's sympathy. In many respects, it is a huge satirical swipe at the Hollywood version of the American success story. I recommend it as an antidote to the ET/ People magazine view of all that is worth pursuing.."
Haven't read this in years but it's one of the truly amazing books that you find something new in each time.
"Great book, makes the movie seem like an easy transcript to write, but such a good book to read easily"
REad it in my youth.  Wanted to reread it before I saw the remake of the movie.  Recording it this weekend.
Oddly I had fond memories of this book from when I read it at high school and reading it again about 20 years later I was disappointed that it did not live up to my memory.
"While reading this book, one will drift away into the world of 1922, Long Island. Nick , the narrator of this novel is simply observing the world around him. He takes you into his mind without bias or opinion, of a world, though present within, he will never fully understand.This book is written almost as a poem, F. Scott Fitzgerald 's writing style is like no other before or sense. Like the character Gatsby himself, th his book is one of a kind and for the dreamer."
"I enjoyed reading  ""The Great Gatsby""  very much; it's quite interesting.It demonstrates and describes the character of human personality.Mollie"
"F Scott Fitzgerald was just 30 when he wrote ""The Great Gatsby"" somewhat older than the generation of bright young things the creation of which New York Times later attributed to him, but still considerably younger than the world-weary Gatsby around whom the social butterflies swarm.  How does the tunnel of time and our own life experiences influence the way we judge Fitzgerald's masterpiece, I wonder?  This question occurred to me as I re-read this book decades after I first encountered it as a school set work.  I was left pondering which was the greater emotion I feel now, desperation for the Gatsby the driven youth or sadness at the older man's hubris.  Whichever it is, it is testimony to the power of Fitzgerald's imagination and his writing."
"I read it, I finished it (I don't always finish if I don't want to!) but... Not a big winner for me. Didn't interest me personally."
Truly remarkable story of hope and persistence that virtually anyone can relate to.  Fitzgerald has written the work in a no-nonsense manner that makes the material accessible to readers young and old.
What can you say about an enduring clasic? It's not about wealth or even the era.  It's about obcession and human nature. And what can happen when desire is unfulfilled.  But our fascination with the ways of the wealthy makes it live on.
"studying it for school, reallly god book. would reccommend it to anyone, movie is good too. very short and sweet"
"This is a re-review of the story and a review of an audio book version.I read this book originally in the 70's, just because I was on a classics kick. I enjoyed the story, although I did think it was kind of slow and more description than story. I did the re-listen in the wake of the flashy movie, just to make sure that what I thought I remembered was what I had actually read. It was."
"Craftful writing, new gems found on each read, relevant to every person struggling to let go of a fantastical era of fun and frivolity."
"Beautifully written with a lot of details into scenery, ambience and characters. I also love reading books from the twenties, thirties. I find it interesting to read about how people lived in those times.A firstclass story line as well."
"I chose this rating because F Scott Fitzgerald forces the reader to digest every word in every sentence. He brings you into a world that in the past seemed very innocent and simple, but in fact it was the opposite."
I would ask that anyone read this before they see the movie. the movie is great and all but the book is just as good if not better.
"This book must not have translated into the audiobook format very well. Blowing through it last weekend I did not discover the magic of what some call the greatest American novel.I did not see the greed Gatsby is famous for. He wasn't after money for money's sake. He didn't want possessions or power. He wanted Daisy. He was in love. And he felt inadequate and so he sought money because he thought he needed it to gain Daisy's attention. It was all about a man's undying love for a women.And she scorned him twice. And he died. Inside before his body fell to the misguided bullet. And the bad guy won.A nice story, and I can tell that it is worth reading again, slower, in text. But it's power is clearly lost at 3x speed in the Audible iPhone app."
I have always enjoyed this book it is such a sad story of fear and love. A most definite  re-read over and over
"book was ok, movie more intriguing but that's what they are supposed to do isn't it? the book seemed to spin all around and the plot stay in the background."
"I never read this in school, so I thought it was time to read it, especially with the movie out.Disappointed.  Well written and a decent story, it's message is one I don't need more of.Most movies make the rich/businessman the Villian and i don't need more of that in the books i read.I can add it to my list, but it didn't add anything to my life.  I don't know if I will watch the movie."
Good read.  Short and quite philosophical.  I always like a book with a surprise ending.  A little sad at times.
"Having read this book as a school requirement during my teens I decided to revisit it, purely because most recent film adaptation jarred so much.  The book is so full of evocative and concise descriptions of surroundings, emotions and personality foibles that it ran away with me chapter by chapter. F Scott Fitzgerald can convey in one sentence what others take whole paragraphs to capture. Raced through it and at the end really wanted to start all over again just to be in the presence of wonderful, flawed characters who were all obviously products of their place and time. Loved it, keeping it on kindle to read again."
prose is good but not much of a story-line. characterizations are sketchy. however exposes the hypocrisy of early twentieth century america
"GREAT is the only way to describe this book. It's use of description transformed me into the world of Mr Carraway, painting a picture in every written passage and engulfing me with emotion between joyous and heartbroken.."
I thoroughly enjoyed this book and can see why it is a classic. Easy read and hard to put down once you've started.
"This is a classic! I know that because I've been told that for decades. It's a good thing someone told me, because I'd never have guess it from reading it.I thought it was a somewhat interesting description of the amorality of a small group of the very rich. Ho-hum. Maybe it was original at the time it was written, but the theme has been pretty well worn out now.Should everyone read it? Sure, why not? But don't expect any great enlightenment or anything you haven't read a dozen times before."
"A very heart-warming as well as heart breaking love story of Gatsby and Daisy!!So get it now from @Amazon, old sport!"
"The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Where do I begin with this one? Gatsby is a classic and was on my optional reading list for school. I had chosen another novel to read but decided to read this one too because there was a movie coming to theaters that I had a major interest in seeing. I heard from many people that this was “the best book they have ever read” and that it “kept them entertained for hours”. However, when I read it, I did not experience the same thing.Even though it was very well written, I found this novel uninteresting and hard to get into. Maybe it was because this novel is almost a century old and the diction of writers has changed since then. Maybe it was because I read it at a time that I didn’t have a lot going on and was using this novel to keep me entertained. Or maybe it was because I had such high expectations for it.Overall, The Great Gatsby tells a great story of a man and his parties. It is a deep novel that will invoke some deep thinking. I personally think the movie was more enjoyable than the novel, quite possibly because there was less description of what was going on and more dialogue. I have found that I enjoy novels with some description but with an equal amount of dialogue just to keep things interesting. I believe that if this novel were to have more conversational portions, I would have enjoyed it a lot more. All in all, if you are looking for a thought-provoking novel that must be read more than once to get the full meaning; then this is one for you!"
"Perhaps it's the most inspiring, delightful and amazing book I have ever read!P.S. BTW, the movie of the same name is extremely close to the book."
"The writing is great technically with some wonderful use of the English language. But the story is sort of pointless. Nothing happens for the first half of the book or so. There is no character development beyond the gradual reveal of Gatsby. The last two chapters could have been left off except perhaps for the resolution of Nick and Jordan's relationship. Fitzgerald's great way of describing things by relating them to what they are not (e.g., ""running alongside nothing"") is very potent and the book is worth reading to learn from his technical prowess. Also it's nice to read a Fitzgerald book that looks into the upper classes from outside rather than from within, which can be harder to relate to. But Tender is the Night has a better story."
"Am re-reading this for University.  Its such a well crafted story, loving it the second time around.  It doesnt age."
This is a great book and highly recommended! A good classic read and is interesting to the end. Buy this book for yourself.
This is a book I had to read in high school. I liked it then and decided to reread it as an adult after watching the movie. I was not disappointed.
"The Great Gatsby was a good read, there is no doubt that Fitzgerald is a great writer.  This particular version is particularly good due to the great introduction by Guy Reynolds."
Nothing beats the classics. Love when you can use the dictionary feature for clarification and further education. Reminds me of our current social divide between rich and poor and how out of touch the extreme wealthy are.
"A ""must"" for every list to read before die. A real masterpiece. Some passages and dialogs are unique and to remember"
"Having studied Gatsby years ago in undergrad work, I wasn't so enamored of revisiting it until I realized the benefit of appreciating the historical setting and having a greater sense of its corresponding influences. It helped that I read some other commentary on F Scott Fitzgerald. I've even taken to reading some of his other works.Many book club members did not appreciate it but I did. The hint of Gatsby's dark side can be a bit daunting. Overall, though, it accomplishes what the author intended. Other character development in the novel could made the reading experience more enjoyable for me. Still, I liked the book."
It is an amazing novel!!! A great doomed romance with perfectly flawed characters such as Gatsby himself. It is a must read!!
I watched the latest movie made from this and thought it was pretentious. You really do not see how the golder plays into the story until you read the book. I think it is worth a new read. I did and I enjoyed it.
"Chosen by one of my book clubs.  All of us read this book in either high school or college..years ago.  Great discussion ensued becasue we are now ""medicare"" aged and see the book from a different perspective.  With the movie coming out on 5/10 and Tiffany & Compoany showcasing a fantasice collection of ""Gatsby Jewels"" (available for purchase) it is a book to be re-read."
"I decided to reread the novel in light of the pending release of the 2013 film. So glad I did. I was once again instantly absorbed into the story, the expressive language and the emotion with which it is written. I'm sure that the new film will pale in comparison, but I am excited to see the story brought to life nevertheless. I can always return to the pages if I find anything lacking."
"This novel, with it's perfect evocation of the American Dream gone hollow, unrequited love, useless wealth and the desperate importance of dreams, is one of the finest books ever written in English.  That so many negative,  misunderstanding, unsympathetic, even hateful reviews appear here is more  than I can grasp."
"I was surprised that the characters were so one dimensional.  The story unwraps well, with further and further glimpses into Gatsby.  It's not that he is becoming more multi-dimensional, just that we are learning what about what drives him.  In the end it was an interesting story that reads more like a short story than a novel.  Worth the read, but not a book that haunts or enlightens."
"I read this novel as a Book Club selection. I really looked forward to it as I saw the movie first. The author really lets you picture the grandeur of this era, if you are rich.I enjoyed it as we had previously read some novels referring to the famous authors of Paris. Paris Wife comes to mind.The main character is a calm individual compared to the author as described in novels."
"Sadly, the 2013 movie of the same name was what moved me to finally read this classic book, rather than some study course during my education. The writing is beautifully embellished and reflects the period in a way that gives it life. F Scott Fitzgerald's work peers deeply into the ""human condition"" and paints a picture that, though difficult to view, is an accurate portrayal."
"I absolutely love The Great Gatsby! It has been a while since language and imagery have completely absorbed my heart and thoughts in the lives and stories of a group of imperfectly perfect literarycharacters. F. Scott Fitzgerald is a master  of 20th Century American Literature.  Fitzgerald, thank you for taking me on a most splendid ride through West Egg, I savored every moment."
"GATSBY is a very deceptive read.  At first, it seems like a trivial recounting of a guy that meets a really interesting person.  But then it turns into a revelation of what reality lies beyond the surface.  In summary, there are layers and layers to the story.  There's so much more to the story than the surface appearance.Actually, a very disturbing story, but a good one."
"I absolutely loved this purchase. Having read this book in high school I knew I would fall in love with it again as a recent college grad. Everyone has Gatsby Fever since the movie recently released. My goal was to read the book again before viewing the movie - mission accomplished! Thank you for such a well-kept book that was easy to read and love again.Best,Nicole"
"Man, this year in English has been a tough one! First it was Their Eyes were watching God...don't read it--it's in ebonics! Then it was the crucible (good but hard) then...the Scarlet Letter. So...when it was time  for the next story, I thought how good can this be? Well, it rocked! It was  so cool and well-written...read it, even because ""it's a  classic""...you'll love it!"
"I am a senior in high school and was assigned The Great Gatsy to read for english class.  There was nothing quite like sitting down and thinking about what the true meanings in this book really are.  There are stories of triumph, sacrifice; love and hate; rich and poor, and many others.  Each character has their own story, and each intertwines with another.  The Great Gatsby is an amazing work of art with incredible stories clashing different types of people to give the essence of a great era in our history.  I highly recommend it to anyone."
"Warning! English teacher heresy to follow!Yes, this is a marvelous book, and I think it would be a wonderful book to teach because there is so much going on here.However…I watched the new DiCaprio movie first, and it really helped me to visualize what was going on and helped me to understand the novel in the larger context. I know I would have liked it anyway, but reading the book after seeing the movie made the book come alive in a way that the paper pages wouldn’t have been able to do all by themselves."
"I have read the book.  I have now seen three of the four films that embrace this topic.  The book can never capture the grandiose film settings and old car reminders of what America once embraced as 'upper class.'  The book is simply written and tells the pathetic story of people who have the depth of a pie pan and are to be seen only as spoiled participants in their lives that are either secure by inheritance or insecure in the wealth that can never provide character or ethics.  Now, the movies...that is another subject for another time."
"The symbols of this story are out of this world! I would highly recommend taking your time with this book and really analyzing the symbols of this book and trace the path that they follow. A lot can be learned by taking this approach! The story is also great to just read and the story line is quite interesting and entertaining. I would recommend reading this book before watching the movie, but the other way can work just as well.Well worth the time to read this and join to masses in enjoying a classic piece of American Literature"
"Many of us have trouble with books written in past time IMO because we are so used to the fast paced action based books and on-screen visuals.  This book comes from a time when readers more appreciated writing as a craft in itself in addition to the story or plot.  But, if you try to readjust your expectations and slow down intending to really see Fitzgerald's craft you will encounter: uniqueness, the depth and richness of phrasing, and the beauty of words arranged in often surprising and surprisingly vivid ways.I liked it."
"Fitzgerald's ""The Great Gatsby"" may at first glance seem to be merely a book on the idle rich in New York.  They hold parties, get into arguments, become unhappy in love, and unhappy in life in general.  However, in the end, one feels sorry for these tragic characters who  represent not only the small group of people who they are, but everyone.  They are all of us, searching for what makes us feel complete, whatever  that may be. We too wonder at the green light that glimmers off in the  distance that we just can't reach."
"Called ""required reading"" by so many people...it better be good right? If it isn't than why are so many children being forced to read it? The plot is none too exciting, in fact it's rather thin and stretched. For me, it was not the reason that I kept turning the pages--it was the amazing use of the English language that kept me going. For once I agree with the educators, who say this is an American classic that should be read by all students...not for the plot or even the characters but for the way F. Scott Fitzgerald uses language."
I didn't read the reviews before I purchased this book because I had assumed that what I would get would be exactly what the description says. A hardback book. What I received was a paperback book with tiny print with a different cover picture than what was on the description on Amazon. This was to be a valentine's gift for my husband and not only was I disappointed to not receive the correct book since it was a gift but he was also disappointed as he is a collector of hardback classics. It made my surprise gift not so special. :(
Hard to read but after watching the movie I realize how good the book is
"Took me several days after finishing to post my review.  Really not sure if I liked it.  Ultimately probably did, but some of that may be akin to ""The Emperor's New Clothes"".  Had trouble following the story forty years ago in high school and still did.  Just the same, the characters are well developed with overall sense of sorrow for those involved.  This book is a ""bucket list"" book and worth reading.  Can easily be read in a weekend, or as a movie critic once said, in about the time it takes to watch the movie."
"A true masterpiece. A superb description of the roaring 20s, the jazz age, and the new culture. All of it rapped around a love story that is both, fantastically beautiful and tragically real."
"I read it just not to give the movie the first try on me, and I'm glad I choose that way, as both the book and the movie have their merits and flaws. But you should definitely enjoy both."
"I read this novel during high school, and has recently watched the film. Decided to buy the novel and compare the book and film with one another. While reading I forget how great this novel was, a classic everyone should read."
"This was the best book that I have ever read in my entire life! I'd recommend this any day,-- RJ"
"Great book these many years later! Sublime prose writing, vivid images of a bygone era. A wonderful story- a must read for all!"
Was expecting more - just fell flat for me.  I'm sure I am missing something however I do not know nor think I care.
This book is great with the person who has some dreams. I think it is simply an American dream. Great.
"The way the characters speak in this book is so elegant, it makes the book that much better! The movie is a great illustration of this book. Would recommend this book to everybody!"
This is an American Classic. And one of the best ones at that. Fitzgerald is am amazing author. Great book.
My first book from the top 100 collection of most blogs and websites. Has its highs and lows and classic literature
A brilliant depiction of the haves and not as many haves. I allowed my imagination to wander through the book. I don't want to see the movies made of the book as if the shorts are anything to go by they will wreck my own version.
It certainly captures the tragedy of vain ambitions and the inability of people to be the best version of oneself.
"""The poor son of a bitch,"" said Dorothy Parker, quoting The Great Gatsby, on seeing F. Scott Fitzgerald lying in state in 1940. He was 44 years old.Few books have achieved iconic status as The Great Gatsby has. It consistently ranks as the great American novel. Mark Twain's Huck Finn and Salinger's Catcher in the Rye are its only rivals, so many find it hard to believe that it had sold poorly, less 25,000 copies, after its initial print-run in 1925. Fitzgerald fell into depression and into drink. Today, it is Scribner's most lucrative title and the numbers would make Scott spin in his grave in Maryland: 500,000 copies sell annually; 185,000 digital versions alone sold in 2012; and 415,000 movie tie-in editions have sold as of April of 2013. The numbers would make Meyer Wolfsheim grin with envy. That Meyer has human molars for cufflinks years before the horrors of the Holocaust is chilling.The traditional interpretation of The Great Gatsby is that F. Scott Fitzgerald glamorizes and pillories the boozy, glamorous Twenties, as Nick Carraway narrates, with nostalgia, the tragic love story of what one man did for the love of one woman. The American Dream is on display, or is it? The Great Gatsby has seductive language, but that is it. The book is about appearances and seduction, the superficial. There is no plot. The famous shirt scene serves no narrative purpose. It's an indulgence. As for love story: is Daisy worth it? She is married to Tom, a millionaire, a former footballer, and a proud philistine.As for the American Dream on display or criticized? I think what is on display is Fitzgerald's arrested adolescent development. I know that this is harsh, but the novel feels trapped in amber, the characters incapable of depth or growth. Simply put: can you imagine an older Gatsby, or a mature Daisy Buchanan, or a Jordan Baker with some depth? Is Gatsby social criticism? The argument would imply that Fitzgerald had the critical ability to see the wealthy as vacuous and vapid twits, but there is one problem with this position: F. Scott Fitzgerald and Zelda wanted to be wealthy, too, live the careless lifestyle. There is no doubt that F. Scott Fitzgerald was conscious of class distinction. His courtship and marriage to Zelda was a painful reminder of class consciousness. As for Scott's capacity for critical analysis, I read the oft-quoted remark between Hemingway and Fitzgerald not as a funny remark but an honest exchange. The quote is derived from Fitzgerald's short story ""Rich Boy"" (1925) and it goes like this:Fitzgerald: ""The rich are different from you and me.""Hemingway: ""Yes, they have more money.""The creative result is a juvenile cast of characters with a limited range of emotions who are not very happy people, forever stuck in the past, like those who condemn themselves to `remember the good old days' while the present passes them by. If and when Fitzgerald complained of failure in his letters or journal entries, he meant it in commercial terms. He never did recapture the monetary success or the critical praise (while he was alive) that he had had from his first novel. He perceived himself as a failure. He died believing that he had failed and wasted what talent he had. If The Great Gatsby was intended as a satire on nostalgia or a cautionary romantic rags-to-riches story, then why are all his characters the same? Why did he feel compelled to draw material from his own life? Was his imagination that limited? The difference between good musicians and great musicians is that good musicians play what they know while great musicians play what they don't. The same applies to writers.1945 marked renewed interest in Fitzgerald. The date is significant. World War Two ended. The Great Gatsby appeared as a distant and defiant answer to the sobriety (pun intended) of the Victorian age. It was light, festive, and fun. The Great Depression that followed the publication of the novel and Fitzgerald's subsequent works -- recasting the same story, with the same type of people, but mental disintegration replacing the car wreck that killed Myrtle Wilson - all seemed to be in poor taste. A nation in the depths of economic despair wanted happy endings, escapist fantasy, and found little to sympathize with in Dick and Nicole Diver and the troubled Rosemary Hoyt in the south of France.The Irony of Ironies is that Fitzgerald and Hemingway repeated the same themes over and over again in their works, but it was Hemingway who grew the most, dared to change, although readers would not know it about Hemingway until the posthumous publication of The Garden of Eden."
"I fell in love with Gatsby, just as daisy did and Nick after her. Beautiful language, the most subtle of irony and sarcasm and a heartbreaking story. This copy reads well, but I'd prefer to see one of those many gorgeous covers that have been designed for this story. The generic doesn't do it justice."
got the book because everybody is talking about the movienothing wrong with the book but it is not my cup of tea
"I love the Great Gatsby. I LOVE it. This book is centered around the mysterious character Jay Gatsby, he throws amazing parties but no one really knows who he is, there are only rumors. When the narrator, Nick Carraway, moves into West Egg, right next to Gatsby (Of course!), he is sent an invitation to one of his parties, and the mystery ensues from there.It is a story that makes you yearn for a lost love and a past you haven't lived. The party scenes are so vivid you feel as if you are there and one of the guests. The entire book is so beautiful and at times heartbreaking. It made me laugh at the awkwardness, cry at the almost love and wish I had lived in the 20's. The only part I am conflicted about is the ending. The ending, yet beautifully written, is not what I wanted it to be, but, let's be honest, what great CLASSIC book ever really ends how you want it to? (Except for maybe Pride and Prejudice)"
The novel is interesting but nothing great. The language is ordinary compared to the greats like Dickens. I wonder what they have found in this to make in to a film.
It ain't a classic for nothingin the movie Leonardo Decaprio really brings Gatsby yo life. Read the book and watch the movie
"Great story, interesting characters, both sweet and bitter sides of life. There is no fake glamour, love or hate. Characters are as real as it can be with all their complexes, regrets, hopes and secrets."
"First of all - a short book, I like reading less the 200 pages books. But it has a point of the devotion - the wannabe, Celebs, America, getting reach a famous which is very precise 90 years after it was written."
I loved this book in high school and now 5 years later it's still a great read! I recommend this book.
A tale of love and sacrifice.  Nicely written and constant reminder of human strife even when they look successful outside.
"So sad. Such an enjoyable story, with romance and a but of mystery. I loved reading this book. Glad I waited until an adult to read this. Will probably read again!"
I read this book a long time ago and so was fairly familiar with the story. this time I found it rivitting. Very well written and moved along at a nice pace. Scott Fitzgerald was a great author and this book I think reflects his time in New York and to some extent is his alter ego looking at the extravance of the era. Great read. I also took the opportunity to re-read The Story of Zelda Fitzgerald of which I have mixed feelings.
This is truly one of the greatest books ever written! Fitzgerald was an incomparable genius and this book is proof.
"A story of great love, great generosity and tragedy, as Gatsby tries to rekindle an affair with the woman he loves and becomes the victim of mistaken identity."
This book was very well written.  I love the authors choice of words and how much detail he goes into. Great read!
"Whilst I have enjoyed all the versions of the Great Gatsby, including the latest Baz Luhrman version of exaggerated glitz and glamour, the book itself demonstrates the quintessential style of an easy read of Fitzgerald. He had a great insight into the external versus the internal persona and the fragility of living a life in response to the expectations of others."
"The style of this book was easy to read. However, I found that very little actually happens in the book."
"Great read, Fitzgerald's style is quite tremendous. Lots of historically applicable themes that are also transcendent. Definitely a must have for lovers of literature."
There is very little I can add about Scott Fitzgerald writing abilities. He was the No. 1 analizing high society in the 20¨s
It's a very American novel. So someone who is not an American and doesn't know that society would not love it so much. It's very microscopic in its details. That can also get to u at times.
Francis Scott Key Fitzgerald's story of the high-rollers of the early 20th c. is a classic. I bought this to refresh a 40 year old memory of the details before seeing Leonardo de Caprio's version on the silver screen. It was worth it.
"Unusually I saw the new film before I read the book.  Enjoyed both.  Fitzgerald's prose jumps out of the page at you it is so lyrical.  I probably should have read the book first, because I kept on seeing the screen characters!! It is one classic I had never read, now I wonder why."
"classic of american literature, excellent story very well written. Part of what you must read in your lifetime. The story is very well known, the adventures of Jay Gatsby trying to get back his long lost love, but it also tells a lot of society and human kind."
Thus is an all time classic that everyone should read at least once. I love it so much and find it very entertaining.
Absolute classic. No library collection should be without it. Without a doubt must read. You would be cheating yourself if you pass this up.
Great book. It grabbed my attention! I was so sad when it was over however. I wanted more story!! I recommend to anyone!!
I found that having seen the film adaptation of the book only enhanced my enjoyment of the book. It actually allowed me to appreciate the characters and the story even more.
"This is a book with such universal story that it touches the reader at a  multidimensional level. A masterclass on the craft for any fiction writer.  I  intend to read it  to the the end and come back again not just for the pleasure of it, but to  explore technique and character building."
The Great Gatsby is a beautifully narrated book. The descriptive quality is unparalleled. I absolutely loved it. It's a must read for anybody who is not in a hurry to get back to reality as this book really has the power to transport you
"Not only is the prose superb in capturing one's imagination and painting scenes that fill the senses, but also the twists and turns of this story - its fatal tragedy - keep one glued to the pages.  I loved it.  Martha"
I read this about the same time as watching the movie - both are divine - possibly the book a little more so.
"I had never read this, thinking that since it is required in high school, it couldn't be very good. I was mistaken. Definitely one of the best novels I have ever read"
Amazing book I recommend for teenage readers who are looking for something interesting to read in their free time 👍😁
"""To write it, it took three months; to conceive it three minutes; to collect the data in it all my life."" So said F. Scott Fitzgerald.I just completed my third read of The Great Gatsby. I did this to help expunge the vacuous, blaring bludgeon that is the 2013 movie version from my head. This third trek through it had the added benefit of revealing even more texture and richness than I had previously experienced. This time around I understood more about Nick Carraway and identified with his ability to become a confidant, privy to others' secrets. He has complexity thrust upon him when he would rather look at life from ""a single window"" but ends up a forced chronicler.Then there is the too obvious Daisy, ""a beautiful little fool"". This character is almost a disappointment. She comes across as a too-oft used stereotype until you recognize that every generation produces such women in liberal amounts. Her husband Tom is much more viscous than I recall. His frustrations result from protecting traditions he cannot live up to. Jordan Baker stood out in this reading like never before. Her dishonesty, the result of not wanting to be ""at a disadvantage"", actually reveals more about the period than any other character. Jordan's observations are both breezy and deep, ""And I like large parties. They're so intimate. At small parties there isn't any privacy."" and ""I love New York on summer afternoons when everyone's away.""And what of Gatsby? He is so obviously a juvenile construct that it is amazing that people fell for him. However, money and self-interests are powerful tools for delusion and acceptance. Carraway's observation that Gatsby's biography was ""like skimming hastily through a dozen magazines"" is comically astute, yet he too gets sucked in. Gatsby's ""Platonic conception of himself"" is one he cannot evolve.Fitzgerald said, ""You don't write because you want to say something, you write because you have something to say."" In this book he had something to say but most of it was in the form of a hidden joke for his own enjoyment. I cannot help but think he was having his own generation on by writing The Great Gatsby. One thing is for certain, he wrote one of the best closing lines to a novel ever."
I enjoyed reading the book. It was quick and easy. Really showed the differences in class/position in society during that time. Probably still prevalent now just not as obvious.
This was a great book about an eccentric man almost possessed with his past to the point of tragedy. Good read
"Written with extraordinary talent and skill, deep knowledge of the human nature, beautiful depiction of the life of the rich, you can't let it out of your hand."
As always this book is one of the best GO-to's I have in my library. I read it at least once a year. Never disappointing.
"Excellent Book.  The story is a basic one, but what makes this book so enjoyable it the imaginative style of prose that F. Scott Fitzgerald has for his writing style.  His descriptions are thorough enough to make you feel you are part of the story.  He captures the time and the styles of the day in a most enjoyable way. The book is not long but very worth reading  : )"
This story tells the life and tale of Jay Gatz. The truth about deception is not found in one person but in all. How his lover became the cause of his death is a tragic coincidence. The moral of this story is that you can always repeat the past.
"“I’m thirty,” I said. “I’m five years too old to lie to myself and call it honor”Love it. I was always curious what's the fuss all about. Now I see."
I read this originally at school and then again in the light of Baz Luhrmann's recent film version. The light across the bay had stayed with me for the thirty years in between. Not many books stay in my mind that strongly. Reading it as an adult I really appreciated the sense of place and time.
"I still haven't finished it but reading it have been more like a task than entertaining, could give it a second chance but this time around reading Gatsby wasn't great"
I heard recommendations from my friends after they read it in class and I didn't expect it to be this great. The characters were well developed and the story was so absorbing I read this in less than two days
"Spoiler alert! I read this book many years ago and had forgotten some of the detail but I really enjoyed it once again. I almost felt I was at Gatsby's parties they were so well described. We really got an insight into the fickleness of the 'rich set' who seemed to live only to have fun regardless of the consequences. I felt sorry for Gatsy and how naive he was. He was prepared to go to any lengths to be an 'insider' but for all his depth of character could not see how unworthy those people were of him, especially Daisy. He truly loved her and the reader too probably hoped true love would win and she would choose Gatsby above all else. Unfortunately money and materialism came first, without those things she was incapable of love and poor Gatsby could not see that. The reader can see how false everything is and what a hopeless and romantic Gatsy is and tragedy almost looms from the outset. It is a sad story but we learn a lot about people on the way."
"Every chapter can be a very good short story. Reading it feels like enjoying watching a sprint match, quick, intense and gripping. Highly recommend."
"I thought it was a great read, but unexpectedly short! Been wanting to read it for ages as I've heard good reviews and it didn't fall short."
"""Great"" means great. Read this, and you'll find it. I think you should read the book first, and then the movie."
The Great Gatsby is a great example of the lives of the rich and spoilt .  FitzGerald's understanding of the moral contradictions of the time is expertly and subtly described within the pages of this classic Novel.  His characters are believable even in their uniqueness.
I re read this book after seeing the movie and was impressed by how closely the movie followed the book. The book is easy to read and enjoyable.
"What a magnificent description of the decadence and opulence of the pre Depression era. A great read, keep the dictionary nearby!"
"After seeing the fim, I wanted to read the book and it is a very good surprise as it gives another feeling than the film that I really like and it is well written."
"I hadn't read it since last year in High School literature class.  Loved it then and, as the movie had come out I thought I should encounter it again.  Coming back to it as a person with some 40 years of life after high school I found new depths to explore.  I am not sure the movie did this.  If you love the written word, and its powerful use of understatement, then go for this book."
"It was great to read the book after seeing the film.  This is a classic, and should be read keeping in mind the time that it was written.  It gives you some understanding how people can have an unusual obsession as he had with his love."
Just reading those beautiful words made me wish I could write like that.  The story takes second place to the writing.
It goes without saying that Gatsby is a classic... A love story that stands the test of time (especially since it's been made into a Hollywood blockbuster).
"I enjoyed this book, a very different time to what we are living in now. The words seemed to flow and I found the character's rather fun and before I realized I was at the end of the book. Off to see the lastest movie of the same name in a few days it will be interesting to compare them."
Loved it !! Loved the old dialogue and the storyline !!! Don't know how this book was overlooked for all those years !!
"read this in school, and re-read in conjunction with movie.  I liked it.  Very strong characters.  Movie makes it better."
I too much emphasis was put on the special effects rather than worrying about the story line and the character development.great performance by leonardo decaprio and the rest of the cast...
"For a story with so few likeable characters, this version of the demise of the American dream is great stuff.  Why else would Baz L have used such large chunks direct from the book in the movie?"
Great read on so many levels. Easy to read but thought provoking. I think that it would appeal to anybody.
Very well written and having seen the recent Movie I could picture the time-line of the story.  Gatsby was an enigmatic character.
"Great Gatsby is somehow timeless and the language still is magical. I want to have been there, been part of it..."
"The book was a okay read, but the characters were very unlikable, it is hard to believe that people were  like that , very uncaring for their fellow man. All the characters were very shallow, with not a one of redeeming flaw in their character."
"It was as real insight into how the wealthy lived and their complete disregard as  to how the poorer people were treated. I enjoyed the actual structure of the sentences and particularly the discriptions of the people and places. A good read.,but don'.t go and see the movie."
Saw the latest movie and decided to read the book.  What I liked was the fact that the movie hardly varied from the book.
"Loved this movie and almost word for word with the book.  Baz was right up there with the visuals too just marvellous.  Daisy, as in the book was a bit of a flakey character but the rest of the cast were impressive.  The cinematography was magnificent.  Thank you Baz for the experience."
"I tried several times to start reading this book, but I just don't care for Fitzgerald's writing style. Maybe someday I'll give it another try."
"We read this for our book club. Of course we'd all read it at least once before, but a long time ago. I enjoyed this story and its reflection on American society in the Roaring Twenties. Very descriptive of the opulence of the times, at least for the very rich!"
"for 0.99$ was an amazing opportunity to read this book. A very fast lecture, you can finish it in a matter of hours."
This beautifully written book by Fitzgerald still remains a great read. Description of the times and insight into characters keeps the reader absorbed till the end.
"Not the ""great American novel"", nor even Fitzgerald's best, but a clever, well prosed, story of irresponsible wealth.  It is to be hoped that consideration and personal integrity run deeper in at least some of the very wealthy than appeared to Fitzgerald."
I really enjoyed this book. Very well written and certainly gives you an understanding of the psychology of the characters.
Read it a long time ago but have forgotten it. Still a great read. Downside is I tried to read it on a Samsung tablet but screen not conducive to going to sleep.
"No real plot, just a tale for bored Americans. Ok for it's time I guess, but doesn't stand up to today's books"
The book was really great. It was worth to read it before watching the film. I suggest everyone. It represented the social drama in 1920's in US and I'v really learned a lot from the book.
...of the 20th century. The language and the plot encapsulate everything you need to know about the age. I love it.
This book is celebrated as a classic. Unfortunately I cant see it.I found the writing style a little indirect but never the less quite interesting. There must be something I am unaware of in the history or culture of 1920s New England but I failed to realise the purpose of the book or why it is so celebrated. To me it was an elongated reasonably predictable short story.  Perhaps it is me.
"Fitzgerald hit the nail on the head in this book when he makes a scathing comment on popularity.  He portrays popularity as a fleeting status in this book.  Gatsby is the center of attention in his life with huge parties and a grandios lifestyle, but when he passes on, only a few good freinds show up at his funeral.  A great book from an author who was never fully appreciated in his time."
"This review is critical not because of the content of the book, or a comment on the story, but because of the formatting.  The Scribner version came highly recommended due to it being formatted better than other Kindle versions.  However, it's lacking in page numbers.  The book was bought for a research paper, and not having page numbers makes it impossible to cite quotes and references."
"Fitzgerald hit a home run with the Great Gatsby. Gatsby, a mysteriously wealthy man who throws extravagant parties is a bootlegger at a time when alcohol was illegal. The man is intelligent and handsome, and somewhat strange. His motives, and just why he does what he does is strange to those that know him. Although no one really seems to know him. A classic in literature and a must read."
"This is hands down one of my favorite books of all time. What a wonderfully written and poetic story. Fitzgerald did not live long enough to enjoy the success of this book, but he would have been proud to see it so well received now. Best ending of a book ever, and some of the best characters ever written. In my opinion Gatsby mirrors Fitzgerald, and is completely fascinating if not sad."
"After having the coolest kid (Nate) referring it to me to read, I did. It was an absolutely astounding book. Aside from Perks of Being A Wallflower, the best book I've read. Even the film was wonderful. Almost exactly like the book, so that was great.It was pretty interesting to read the differences, I suppose, in society and such in contrast with today's. Definitely 5 star quality."
"The Great Gatsby is a fantastic love story told in such a manner that can be enjoyed by men and women alike.  Gatsby is every woman's dream man. He's loyal to his love, honest, intelligent, gallant, handsome, and has money.  The only draw back is that his money is dirty.  Truly a fiction character  that women can only dream about, never the less a very entertaining piece  of literature."
"I was required to read this for English class. However, I actually enjoyed it. There is a lot of symbolism and I like the writing style. It has a lot of drama, which was entertaining. It could almost be compared to Gossip Girl (drama within the wealthy and popular). When reading it for class, consider: public self vs. private self, old money vs. new money, and what do the eyes symolize."
"I love to read, and a friend had seen the movie so we both read the book to compare.  I really don't care for most of the 'classics' and this, I believe, is considered one.  The characters were shallow and selfish people, so the book can't be more - the description of the 1920's and the very wealthy - how vapid and meaningless their lives were, was to me, a bit boring.  Read it one day."
"I think that this book stands the test of time. Yes I think it is the great American novel. There is not one nice character in the entire book but what a interesting bunch of people. The writing is so spare and so beautiful, Daisy is so shallow and dizzy but what power she has, Tom is horrid, dangerous and vile, Nick is weak but knows he is better than most and Jay.........words fail me"
"TBH, I expected more from this book. Being a great american Classic and all. To me it felt just like another novel, good novel. But not ground breaking or inspiring in any way. I am disappointed."
"My memory of the story line was dark and confused and i wanted to re-read before seeing Baz Luhrman's new movie.  I loved the book - enjoyed the story - understood why my memory was a bit confused because the story is not the stuff of the book - more it is circumstance and atmosphere.  However, the thing I really loved was the language - it is a good tale and beautifully written.  No words are wasted - none added just to add volume to the book.  In fact the story is quite short but thoroughly worth reading."
"I loved this book. I had no preconceived idea about the story line and was blissfully lost in the most beautiful writing. A deceptively simple love story that comments very deeply on class distinctions & aspirations, still relevant anywhere in the world today.The kindle version is not great and I checked a few times that I hadn't been sold a dud becuase the setting out of the type is very poor and there were some errors, but it is the correct version."
"I never got in to this book, and I felt it was badly written, particularly the ending. A shallow book that I felt was a waste of time."
"Love this book, but I was bummed when it wasnt that cover in the photo. didn't rate less than 5 only bc it's what the inside that counts, and it's a great read."
"read it because movie was coming out, and had always been on my todo list. its certainly a classic but not an easy read as the characters are not very sympathetic."
Don't be mislead by the terms 'illustrated' and 'social commentary' both are rudimentary and even tacky. These additions may help a reader not familiar with western culture to understand the context of the book.
Entertaining and great characters. A book that is highly recommended for all that is a timeless classic. Price is reasonable for the value.
"Wonderful immersion into the lifestyle  of privilege between the wars, the lengths taken to participate and the thin line between acceptance and disapproval. Thirty years since I last read this novel, a refreshing return, better appreciated now as an adult, I devoured every line."
"I dont know why I waited so long to read this extremely well written book, I think my feeling was that it would not be very entertaining but it certainly was."
"We all are attracted to glamor;some of us live in the past. We can all learn things from this book; like, how corrosive money can be, when love is gone we should move on, and that  we all live some kind of misguided life.  It's the book Bret Easton Ellis, Tom Woolf, et al, have always tried to  write but never managed to come remotely close to. That's why, dear  readers, it's still with us today. Check it out."
"It was a good book. I was a bit bored at times but at other times I would be tense. The drama keeps you reading because you want to know, who is this Gatsby. This book is not like the movie but it's still dramatic and pulls you into the world of these rich people. I read it as an assignment for class and expected to be bored but I ended up liking it. So, If you have some spare time, you should read this book."
"Fitzgerald captures the yearnings of a man's heart, no his very soul, in the pages of The Great Gatsby.  It is at once subtle and overwhelming--the type of book, of which there are but a handful, that will remain in your memory for all your years.  The prose is written to perfection, analogies seamlessly woven into the context, and the conclusion leaves the reader spinning in amazement.  Absolutely Fantastic."
"""The Great Gatsby"" is a superb novel, easily one of the best books of 20th century literature. I was disappointed by some negative comments submitted by other readers, but then I realized that a book as  moody and beautiful and simple as ""The Great Gatsby"" cannot be  fully understood by today's America, which is ironic as Gatsby himself was  never fully understood by his own era's America."
"It's a glittering, rolling riveting and tragic novel. It seems that there is not one nice person is this book, not even the narrator, but it captures the excitement of the Roaring 20s. It speaks about the selfishness of the young, beautiful, wealthy and talented, and seems to also reflect on the life of the author, F. Scott Fitzgerald. It's written with color and life and poetry. It's really quite brilliant."
"The only reason I read this book was becasue the movie was coming out this year. I ended up reading this in one sitting. Fitzgerald gives us a look into a society where the rich have evrthing they can dream of yet are some of the most depressing characters ever written. Its a story of love, lies, and parties. I would recomend this book to anyone, and then tell them after they read it to go see the new movie."
"I have been teaching this novel for 25 years. This new movie and the connected book has created more excitement than I have ever seen generated in any of my classes. Fitzgerald's masterpiece again brings the ""Roaring Twenties"" into our modern ""cynical"" world. This combination continues to enhance respect for the power and the beauty of the written word.  Wayne R. Schiebel,  American Literature teacher."
"I have to agree with Mr Vogt (2/15). The negative reviews make me question the quality of the books that people read these days. The lyrical quality and economy of the writing are enough to make The Great Gatsby worth  reading. And Fitzgerald's commentary on the ""American dream""  through the ironies of Gatsby's journey and ultimate fate really resonated  with me. And the last two paragraphs....wow!"
It's a classic for a reason.  A dazzling time piece that brings the reader to the roaring 20s where living was the point of it all. Fitzgerald does a delightful job of letting us experience novel love as a man experiences it... the complete spell that his character Gatsby is under... and his demise brought about by his failure to acknowledge the truth that you cannot always force reality to fit your dreams.
"I have read this book many times and always find new aspects of it that draw me back.  Like the Fountainhead ,  by Rand , it is fantastical and  full of  metaphors but you fall in love with Gatsby's fantasy and want it to be true.  In truth we all dream of a life that is beyond our reach and Fitzgerald creates a tale that is beautifully written and interesting because it was, in fact so similar to his own."
Would have preferred the notes at the end so the continuity of the novel is not affected.  An iconic novel!
I watched the movie first and decided to read the book. The great gatsby is a great book. I love it.
SO superior to the latest film rendition ... Huge sections of the plot disappeared in the film version. Though I do recall a more successful attempt in the previous version.
"Arguable F Scott Fitzgerald's most well known novel, The Great Gatsby deserves all the credit it continues to receive.  Beautifully written, easy to read and with unforgettable characters, it is recommended to any and all who enjoy reading good literature."
"The more I read this book, the more I like it. It has more depth in it than is obvious after a quick reading. It should be read slowly, each character comes to life. Plus the elegance and the class, both of the style and the personages, is something rarely found in contemporary books. Having read the short stories of Scott Fitzgerald helps."
"timeless message, interesting point of view. Maybe lags in places but gathers pace in second half of novel.Memorable characters."
This book was so well written. I understand why it has stood the test of time. It is so magical. I loved it!
"I read this in high school and decided to re-read it when the movie came out. it's ars good, if not better, than I remember it being!  Such a classic!"
"One of the greatest short stories I've ever read. A must-read for every generation, gives one things to think about."
I bought it with an audiobook. Very good one. Easy expressions for foreigners. I recommend this book for studying English. Thanks
I read it after seeing the movie and it was just as good as seeing it performed.  It filled in some information that the movie didn't have.
".......But not a fantastic read. I enjoyed The Great Gatsby. Scott' Fitzgerald's writing style is easy and likeable. The characters all annoyed me, especially Daisy. But the story is interesting and holds your attention.  Not as great as I thought it would be though."
Forgot how interesting this book was to read.  Has been a lot of years since first reading it. Enjoyed it!
"If you like books about love and hope and how many things you can do for your love, this book is the best for you!"
"Interesting and rather cynical view of an era, I found this book easy to read and very thought provoking. I would recommend"
"i liked the book so much. I find it very profound. A real example of the behaviour of honest people. Equally, a real example of rich crooks behaviours"
"Gatsby is provocative, yet gentle. You can't help but be drawn to him; want to support him and be on his ""side"" just like Nick the old sport ...  A light and easy read, though of a different era, the human emotions are still relevant in a society where extra-marital affairs and the destruction that follows remains commonplace. Looking forward to seeing DiCaprio in action ..."
I downloaded Gatsby to read for the 4th time in my life. I find something new to love every time. There is something you love to hate about the characters and there are many facets to explore of each part of the story.
"I downloaded the book, as I had never read it, and wanted to compare it to the movie that I was going to see.  I did not find the book to be great literature, but quite enjoyed it."
Fitzgerald's remarkable writing comes alive in this fresh and compelling narration by Mr. Hendrie. Gatsby and his world became so vividly real and appealing that I dare say I could listen to this audio book rendition again and again and again...
"It's a nice story if you take on account the elements of the the time the story it's from, 1920's. I think it's a good book, just no the great and awesome book that everybody has to read."
"It is not hard to see why this novel is considered one of the great American novel's of all time! It deserves this title, as it is a truly fantastic book from start to finish! It revolves around the adventures of mysterious millionaire Jay Gatsby and the unlimited amount of hope he carried in his heart! Fitzgerald has crafted a book that perfectly captures the feel of the early 1920's and gives us a story that is intriguing, fascinating and brilliantly written. You fully engage with the characters and get caught up in the world they inhabit. A truly great read! Highly recommended!"
One of the all time great stories.  Couldn't help but love this book and found myself picturing Mia Farrow and Robert Redford more so than Leonardo DeCaprio and Carey Mulligan. Baz Lurhman's film  was amazing!
Just as good as the first time I read it 50 years ago! No wonder I could'nt remember what happened!
"Having read this book previously and seen the original movie, I decided to buy this book to familiarise myself with the story prior to seeing the release of the new  version of The Great Gatsby.  I loved the story as much as I did all those years ago.  I would recommend that people who plan on seeing the movie should read this story prior to seeing it."
"Fantastic novel that applies on todays issues even though it's a novel from the 1920's. It is a dramatic, touching and just overall great story accompanied with great writing - I simply just loved it"
"This is one of the 'great' American novels. The term 'great American/Irish/British' novel is bandied about frequently as commentators generally measure the health or otherwise of fiction. But Gatsby truly is in a league of its own. This wonderful tale of dreams and dreams crushed, of idealism and dissipation, is narrated by Nick, who finds himself a neighbour of Jay Gatsby, a man who likes to throw ravishing, magical, three-day parties to his hordes of admirers. There are few friends, as we discover, only the speculative new rich and aspiring rich who wonder about how he came by his wealth. It is assumed that he is corrupt. There is a love-story at the heart of the book too, and hints of racism and anti-semitism trickle through in a couple of lines (not authorial racism/anti-semitism so much as strands which are clearly a feature of this depiction of Long Island Jazz Age society). It is a novel you will think about long after you've read it. Don't see the Baz Luhrman movie. In comparison to this, it is rubbish, and it prettifies Daisy, the object of Gatsby's affections. Unlike in the movie, the book pulls no punches when it comes to a laying bare of human domination and submission, misogyny, corruption, some violence, and the general, rotten, uncaring quality of human beings when they are being fickle and selfish. It is also beautiful written, with exquisite sentences to chew over!"
Not too long and the story moves along nicely. Made my long train journey to and from work very quick!
"But I can't honestly say that I enjoyed the whole book. If a story is all about relating to some--or at least one--of the main characters, Gatsby didn't quite work for me. I feel rather weird and out of step not *loving* Fitzgerald's take on the rich and ridiculous in the Roaring Twenties, but that's the way of it. Maybe the movie will change my mind."
"I really wanted to read this book so that i could go to the new movie. I still havent seen the movie but really enjoyed reading the book . I felt like i was lost in time with the description he has written. I  did not like the ending but it just goes to show you that there is not always a happy ending.Quick, easy read:)"
"Wonderful haunting book which will stay with you forever. Forget the film, ballet, and stage show and go to the classic. Bravo."
I am a big fan of Scott Fitzgerald and I am thrilled with this edition; it is an extremely well-presented edition with very authentic period illustrations that bring the story even more to life. I can practically see Jay Gatsby swanning into view! All in all a great edition of a classic story.
"i remember reading this for literature in school, I enjoyed it then and I enjoyed it again. The star crossed love story and Gatsby's unyielding belief that he would have Daisy is touching. I would encourage anyone who has a love of literature to read this book."
"Brilliant, a simple conversation scene in the book make me sit up, enthralled, and laugh out loud.  Perceptive, erudite.  A genius."
"I stumbled upon this clever, beautifully written classic for the first time, and was surprised it holds up today as well as ever. The humor is unexpected, and insight into love and class obsession relevant and instructive. An original when it came to light it continues to illuminate and form our ideas of the soul of lost generations, then and now."
"I'd never read any Scott Fitzgerald and had no idea was it was like. It was like a very fine champagne, chilled and effervescent. The story was intriguing, without really amounting to much, the characters (even on the sidelines) sketched in great detail, and the colour of the narrative was amazing.  Kept thinking about it long after I put it down."
"I bought this book for my daughter for school.  She commented on the small size of the typeface used, but said she'd have room in the margins for notes.  I picked up the book the other day and realized that she wasn't kidding about the typeface.  Even for younger eyes, it's strain-inducing.  Just something to be aware of in selecting this edition."
I really liked the author's writing style although there were a few times where I had to re-read paragraphs as the author sometimes didn't make events as clear as I would have desired. I read this book in a couple of sittings in a day & overall I'm glad I did. It's definitely a worthwhile read although I have the opinion that it's a tad overrated
"This is an American masterpiece. All the people in it are American. Living in a vivid American time and place. 1925. Long Island and New York. Privilege, large drinking parties, jazz bands, rumors and shady deals. Money. What money can buy. Or can't. Gatsby found out. Without a doubt. There was the love of dream, a dream of love, and dream's end."
"I am sure there is a college Literature  Professor somewhere who is smiling! I somehow escaped reading Gatsby in a Lit class and told my granddaughter this. She immediately produced a copy and told me to read, read, read. I wish now I had read it 50+ years ago! After reading the book I got the Robert Redford/Mia Farrow 1974 movie. Loved that too!"
Most enjoyable and intriguing. A welcome change from a lot of books I have recently read. Looking forward to seeing movie when it opens.
"With all of the hype of the latest movie version of this story I bought a copy of the novel for my Kindle.  I had never read this story before and I came away favourably impressed.  Fitzgerald gives a wonderful look at new and old money, the 'Jazz' age and life in general.  I can see why the novel is required reading in many school systems - litte sex and violence but an intriguing depiction of life in the twenties.  You will find yourself thinking of the characters long after you have finished this short novel. This book is deservedly a classic!"
"There's a reason this novel is regarded as one if the greats. I thought I'd read it before seeing the movie, and after finishing it am now not so sure I'd like to see the movie as it might ruin a perfect story..."
I had to re-read this book before the new film.  It was still a good tale but a very short story.
"It has been 15 years since the last time I read his novel and I liked it this time, too. I can't say I can explain why I like it, but the vocabulary, the vivid images Fitzgerald paints in my mind keep me enthralled. I'll likely read this again in another 15 years."
Noticed The Great Gatsby in the list of 99 cent books.  I started to read it in college but for some reason never got past the first couple of pages.  My loss.  What a wonderful novel.  I can see now why Scott Fitzgerald was included on the list of great American novelist.
"The Great Gastby is all about mystery, love,  and scandal combined with the glitzy era of the 1920's - very enjoyable!"
great book cant wait to see the new movie 2013! i'd read in high school and forgotten it so wanted to read again
"I read this for book club & found it to be quite challenging mostly because it was so descriptive, although beautifully so, I found myself rereading sentences. Amazing when one thinks how long ago this book was published & no wonder it was considered a masterpiece of it's time. The characters were greatly flawed & a product of an era of excesses, where the wealthy were concerned that is. The main characters were extremely superficial & very lacking in morals, living a life of entitlement. A tragic story of how  money & people were used with little regard or respect."
"Double classic- the illustrations and the book itself. What apposite timing too, with the new film coming out soon. What's best though, read the book then see the film or vice versa."
"The Great Gatsby is, by my standards, the best novel written in tha States during the last century. It is a sad love story, but at the same time is a  reflection of the inexistence of the second chance. The characters are rich  and beatiful, but dark and condemed. Since I read The Great Gastby, I have  never been able to see the past naively."
"I can't stand to have one of the best novels of the 20th century be bashed and misunderstood. One cannot simply read The Great Gatsby- it has to be experienced! The themes, the symbols, the style- all superb. Fitzgerald  knew what he was doing in writing The Great Gatsby- he IS Gatsby, Nick,  Jordan, Daisy, Myrtle and Tom. This book is alive!"
"The greatest novel of all-time--period! F. Scott Fitzgerald completely captures the roaring twenties (the jazz age) in resplendent grandeur. Fitzgerald tells a story of love, betrayal, social classes, and chasing the past; and and he does it all in his famous angelic prose. The novel is riveting and is filled with charm, wonder, and tragedy."
"I picked it up again, over 20-some years from my high school requirement of its completion. Fascinating that I much better understand the details of the lives that were lived in the story. I recommend doing this with all literature as time and experience have a way of giving better perspective to what may seem as incomprehensible to a youth."
"The novel is great. I just don't know what should be added. First I saw a recent film with Leonardo DiCaprio, and then read the book. In my opinion both of them are good. Anyway, I couldn't expect that I'd love this book so much. I must admit F. Scott Fitzgerald has changed my opinion about American and the whole English-language literature."
I plan to watch the recent movie production of the book and wanted to refresh my memory after reading the book 50 years ago.  I remembered enjoying the book and tonight I am not disappointed. Fitzgerald is a writer with great descriptions and details.  He tells a story with emotion.  The ending is somewhat predictable but still interesting.
"After hearing Maureen Corrigan on Fresh Air, talking about her book http://www.amazon.com/So-We-Read-On-Endures/dp/0316230065 about the Great Gatsby, it seemed time to finally read this classic.  The writing really is impressive, and it's a great story.  And of course, how can you beat the price.  A big thumbs up from a more casual reader."
"The Great Gatsby is a classic but I couldn't get into the characters. Although, I found that Jay Gatsby was very compelling. I was more interested in him than any of the other character. I couldn't understand the motivations of all the other character especially Daisy. I won't give anything away but the ending could be redone in my option."
"This is a deceptively simply novel that can be taken as a tragic love story. However, it can mean much more than that. One way to look at this novel is that it portrays the rise and hope of America and its eventual loss of innocence. Attempting to interpret the symbolism and arrive at a deeper message makes this story much more satisfying."
I tried really hard to enjoy this book. But sad to admit that I quit after half the book. AND I DONT LIKE TO QUIT ON ANYTHING.I found the book boring and mundane. The section where it took three pages to inform us of Gatsbys party friends was ridiculous. Also the book jumps around too much which makes you wonder where your at.
I consider this a very poorly written book. It has an interesting story line but Mr. Fitzgerald takes way too long to tell it.  He includes way too much unimportant detail in practically every sentence.  It makes me wonder if he was being paid by the word and so just crammed in a lot of extras. Perhaps high schools considered this a great classic because an occasional dirty word is thrown in.
"First time I have read this book.  I was surprised how insightful this view of the time and rich people this novel offered.  It began with a caricature of the rich (Gatsby), but gave real insight to his path and several other characters and relationships.  The narrator seemed to not be affected by the absurd activity he witnessed until the end, when he became insightful to himself and others."
"This is a story I think everyone should read at least once in their life. There are references to people and a way of life that no longer exists, but the wonder, opulence and themes in the book transcend time. The imagery created by F. Scott Fitzgerald is incredible. You can picture every second of Nick Carraway's immersion into this extravagant and fantastical world of New York in the '20's."
"I found the first few chapters of this book a struggle to read and enjoy, but once the love story line was set up and the two characters of Gatsby and Daisy were finally introduced (or re introduced) to one another I pretty much read the rest of the book in one sitting as I was so desperate to find out what happened to them. All in all, very glad I finished this and never gave up, great read."
"Having read this book some decades ago, I had forgotten how simple and relatively short the story is (Rags to riches to death and abandonment). Very little development of characters for my liking, but perhaps a true reflection of that society's life style of the era. Even though I frequently read books after a few years and enjoy them again, I do not think I will read the Great Gatsby again."
"I really don't know why I was so miserable when we were forced to read this in high-school b/c this book is awesome. I decided to read it again after watching the movie and I couldn't put it down, I read it in 3 days. It's a short, easy to read book, and if you're a ""roaring 20's"" fan, this book is a must have. Especially for the price... build a library in your house!! It's so fun!"
"I just finished reading this book in my 11th Grade English class, and I recomend it highly, especially if you're a hopeless romantic (like me!). It's a story of impossible love set against the backdrop of the 1920's.  Gatsby has everything money can buy, but what he really wants can't be  bought--Daisy. I'll admit the first couple chapters are boring, but it's  worth it if you stick it out!"
"Fitzgerald... I started reading the Great Gatsby last year, and before you can say HO! I finished reading. My mouth was open all the time and loved, yes really loved the book. Fitzgerald is the Jazz-age man and how he displays everything of the Jazz-age in this book is so good that it is almost unbelieveble. I did almost crie. Not because it was sad but because how good Fitzgerald wrote it."
"I absolutely loved this book. The characters were authentic and I found the relationship between Gatsby and Carraway quite enthralling. While Daisy did annoy me some bit, what with being a naive, immature, pompous snob, I did find her entertaining. This is a great classic. I've always wanted to read the book but have always put it off because I thought I wouldn't like it. Boy, was I wrong."
The Great Gatsby is an incredible book and is truly a classic.  It starts out slow and then the action hits you like a cannon ball.  Fitzgerald's themes and characterization are remarkable.  The emotion felt reading the  book is overwhelming.  Fitzgerald offers a unique view on life and society.  I strongly recommend this book for anyone who is a romantic or who wants  to reevaluate life.
"The Great Gatsby, as I assumed, was a terrific classic novel that I'm surprised I've never read. I give it 3 stars simply because I felt the story could've gone in to more depth concerning the relationship of Daisy and Jay. I don't think the author fully captures the torture of their relationship from Jay 's perspective. Good read though!"
Gatsby is one of the most profound character I've ever read. I was moved by the great twist and unpredictable story.
"Exposes the frailty of being over indulgent and self centered. Is outstanding. For young adults, this book may not significantly modify their behavior but it would give them an opportunity to understand how it affects them. We old folks already know this?"
"I liked it, but a classic?  not sure I would agree with that, unless I missed something.  Was it just dated?"
"A good read but still there seemed to be something missing.  I can't quite put my finger on it but it just seemed to be ..... vacuous, maybe? All those spoilt rich people and their rather pointless, avoid-the-blame-at-all costs, existences.  If they should happen to create a mess they can just swan off, put it out of their heads, and leave it for someone else to clean up. Maybe that was the message......."
"I'm kind of confused as to why this is s literary classic. It was okay, but it wasn't much of a story. It was written in a weird manner, and if this is how people in the '20s acted, I'm glad I wasn't present at that time."
This book seems slow but if you understand it in depth with respect to the American dream it is a very beautiful book.
"It's always one of my all time favorite books! Everytime you read it, its as exciting as the first time!"
"Very well written, easy to read and transports you back to the excitement of the 1920s, with thorough character development without overly slowing down the book."
"At the beginning this famous narration starts a bit slowly, but after some time F.C.Fitzerald forms story of suspense. I believe this book belongs to the treasuries of American literature."
"The Great Gatsby is an highly enjoyable, very rich book.  Although the story will not be easy at all times, it is still lyrically and powerfully written.  Fitzgerald is at height of his powers in this novel and creates characters that resonate far beyond the page."
"Initially the book seems to drone on about nothing much, but stick to it.  The message of the book and the intricatly woven, all-pervasive symbolism eventually becomes apparent.  I would haved awarded five stars if soap  opera plots held any interest for me.  The book's portrayal of the  stereotypical American Dream was excellent."
"This is a story of how loud 'leaders' who lack honesty and respect can mislead others who tend to be followers. It is a story of self-centeredness, disrespect, dishonesty and obvious consumerism. It was so discouraging that I finally quit the book, which I very seldom do. There is just no entertainment in self-indulged depravity."
"This book is rated #1 in the Random House list. So I decided to try it. When I read it and I really love it because it's interesting how Jay Gatsby love Daisy in Chapter 5. Chapter 1 and 2 is not very interesting but  Chapter 3 to the end is very good. The end is the best.I just read it  January, 1999. I think you should try it."
"Unlike the hedge fund robber barron of today,Gatsby was ""a corruptible man, with an incorruptible dream.A great love story of singular self sacrifice to obtain and hold an ethereal dream that had long passed.This is a love story that the most manly of us can't help but find heart rendering and relatable."
"This is a tale of unrequited love that transcends the decadent period of time in which the characters exsist. It's a tale of desctruction you can't turn away from. It's exquisite, and heartbreaking, and a timeless classic. Truth be told, reading the book made me even more obsessed with the Leonardo DeCaprio/ Toby Maguire movie."
"The Great Gatsby is a classic.  I'd read it years ago and, because the new movie is coming out (I can't imagine thatLeonardo DiCaprio will have the gravitas to play the part as played by Robert Redford, I do want to see it.  And I want to be  current on the story.  It's a short and engrossing read, Fitzgerald at his best."
"I read The Great Gatsby years ago and selected it again because I wanted to read it before the movie comes out in 2013 and I wanted to read a well written book. F. Scott Fitzgerald's writing is excellent and after reading so many poorly written books, I really enjoyed this one. Once I started reading it, I couldn't put it down."
"I read this back in high school and now recently for book club. I thought it was a quick easy read and can now see why so many movies and other books reference it. I liked it, some in my bc did not. like many books it's about what you love. I thought the writing was beautiful, story was a bit sad, but without doubt a must read."
"What a work of art, wow!  I lived in a different world as I feasted my eyes upon what appeared as typed, structured sentences,but seemed like poetry to my sensitive and fragile heart. This is definitely something I  needed to read.  You need to just let go of your sugar lump of the past and  move on to a delicious slice of pie."
I really love this book.  I saw the movie (the Leonardo DiCaprio version) and had never read the book so I purchased on Kindle.  I was pleased that the movie followed the book without changing much of the story because it is a really good story.  I read it in a few hours and I would read it again.  It's a classic for a reason.
I really enjoyed this book it has certainly stood the test of time it is a good story and it typifies the era of the early part of the 20th century. The lavish parties and opulence of Gatsby's mansion opposed to the ash heaps overseen by the giant advertisement of the giant eye and the gas station reflect the American society.
"If, like me, you last read The Great Gatsby in high school, and if, like me, you are interested in it now because the movie has been released, then please take a chance and buy this book. You will treasure every minute you spend reading and realize, perhaps, how ill-equipped you were at 16 to appreciate such a wonderful tale."
"It is interesting that Fitzgerald's choice title for ""The Great Gatsby"" was actually ""Under the Red, White, and Blue"" (after he rejected the much-publicized ""Trimalchio"").  However, the book  had already gone to press and it was too late to change the title at that  point.  The reason I mention this is that I believe Nick Carraway is  actually the most interesting and compelling character in the novel,  contrary to popular belief.  Fitzgerald set a standard for narration with  this novel - a larger-than-life character seen from the less-biased view of  a narrator who is eventually drawn into the novel's plot (as seen in  ""All the King's Men"" and ""Sophie's Choice"",and even the  film ""Wall Street"" among others).  By the end of the novel, the  reader comes away with a compelling and solid portrait of the Midwesterner,  Nick Carraway (note, carraway seeds are in rye bread, a Midwestern  association), who goes East, finds it ""morally bankrupt"", and  eventually returns to his roots.  The novel is about the American Dream in  general, and it is incredibly ironic to call Gatsby ""great"", as  he is shown to be a slave to love and ambition, whereas Nick is a much  stronger man in the end.  Nick is the only one who changes throughout the  course of the novel, and therefore while he is not as outwardly flashy as  Gatsby, he is the one who keeps the reader's interest in the end, as he  comes to the same conclusions that we hope we would come to in a similar  situation."
"Love the Great Gatsby story, but this edition made it hard to even read it.  Very strange in that there is no publication page - no publisher or other info listed; there aren't even any page numbers in the book.  On top of that, the font is excruciatingly small - need a magnifying glass. Something is wrong with this picture."
"I enjoyed reading it this time around as the first time it took me a while to get into the story. This time around I was straight into it,some parts of it I remembered but others not as clear. I think I might have been came F S Fitzgerald convert. I am looking fall ward in seeing the remake of this great classic novel."
"There are numerous reviews of this American classic available on the web, so I won't bother trying to re-hash them; suffice to say I found it thoroughly enjoyable and a good holiday read. This kindle version seemed well formatted, I had no problem with the default text size, and it is nice to have a linked table of contents."
Fitgerald's Great Gatsby is truly a work of art. His use of figurative language in this piece is what makes it flow and sound like poetry.  He builds the characters to the point where you feel you had met before.  This  is no easy task in a book that is under 200 pages long.  Great book to have  and read over and over again.
"This is one of my favorite books, and I have read it over and over.  It's sad how Gatsby appeared to have everything he wanted, but in reality, the one thing he wanted (Daisy) was just out of his reach. To me, Gatsby was an intensly lonely man who spent his whole life trying to fill his life.  It really makes you think.  END"
"What I meant by that statement was that I really must have missed a lot  when I read this book.  The reason I say that is because I'm an avid reader  of classic fiction (great literature from the past and the present), but I  just didn't understand why this is considered one of the masterpieces of  the 20th century. I chose to read this book in part because of its  ""greatness"" in the eyes of most reviewers.  But I found myself  150 pages into it and still waiting for something exciting to happen.  It  started out slow and just got slower.  But I just didn't get it.  The  ending was definitely surprising (I won't spoil it for whoever's reading  this), but somewhat of an anticlimax.What was the most depressing to  me is that I have read many other great books that my friends have hated or  found utterly boring, and I have just loved them. Examples include  ""Madame Bovary"" ""Lord of the Flies"" ""Great  Expectations"" and ""Ethan Frome.""  But I must have just  missed something major in this book.  I understand all the fuss about the  ""American Dream"" and how this is about the hollowness of rich  living, but it seems that in writing about that hollowness, the book  becomes hollow too.  Well, I'm only 16 and in the 10th grade, so that  definitely must be affecting something.  I guess I'll just leave it on my  bookshelf for a decade and go back and then we'll see where I am.  For now,  though, I might reread ""Beloved"" or move on to ""Wuthering  Heights."""
"I was required to read this book in school and did.  But, I not only read it once but three times.  I thought I would pick it up again some 30 years later. I appreciate it more than ever. I picked out lines that were brilliantly written.  Such a wonderful classic not only because of the characters but because the writing is stunning and timeless."
I believe this was a very good book and I believe this book was great. At first I thought this book was horrible but after reading the book it changed my mind. This book truly tells readers the selfishness of humans and that love is everlasting at the same time. Fitzgerald's writing will mostly tell young readers live life to its full potential.
"Gatsby is a wonderful book because of the layers and layers found within it.  Each time I've read the book, I've found another timely social commentary.  What amazes me the most is the precision with which Fitzgerald composed this piece.  By far, this book is the best of the high school reading requirements because of character, plot, and depth."
"What is not to like, I saw the old movie but had not read the book so I decided to read the novel before I saw this new movie.  Now I know why I did not like the old movie because i.e. Robert Redford dies and it wasn't his fault, I was a child so I did not quite understand what had happened.  This time I knew and Fitzgerald made my heart bleed."
This book was great.  My Grandson and I read it together after we saw the movie.  He is 13 years old and choose for us to go see the movie.  I was actually surpised he choose it.  After seeing the movie he had a few questions so I suggested we get the book and read it together.  We both enjoyed the book because it gives you more than the movie.
"Read this book in one go before having seen the new film (never saw the Robert Redford one). The style of writing is fabulous, near poetic at times. The length of the book helps the story along: there is plenty of pace and action. As expected, the characters have much more depth than the film can offer. Certainly one of my all time favourites."
I had to read this book in high school and like all the other books I HAD to read in school I did not care for it. But with the movie coming out and having fallen in love with books after graduating I thought I'd give it another try. I'm glad I did. Let's just say that reading it as an adult is a little different then reading it as a teenager.
"At first i did not see the big picture of what the book was trying to convey.  But after the useless imagery, i understood that the goal to have success, love, and happiness is driven by those who have big dreams.  Happiness is transitory in a world where there are carousing parties filled  with drunkeness and infildelity with your loved ones."
"At first when I started reading this book, I thought it was very boring.  Then as I read on I got so hooked on it and whenever I read I never wanted to put it down.  I think that this book was great in portraying the  realites of love in life and the way that people learn to live with money  and without it, just as people do today. Great Book!"
"I have read this book several times. I have two hard copies and the movies. I felt it necessary to buy the shook also. This is one of my all time favorite books. I wont give details for those who might not have read it, but the love story between Daisy and Gatsby is amazing. The book really meets my needs in the romance and suspense sections."
"I chose this book because I have heard of it all my life.  I missed seeing the movie, so this was my chance.  It was a somewhat  interesting read,  but in my opinion not interesting enough to make two movies based on it.  I learned nothing, felt no inspiration  and was glad it was a short read. The title is very misleading."
"I finally read The Great Gatsby and I enjoyed it thoroughly. Fitzgerald's writing style is exciting and interesting. The story, overall, is good, but sad. A great description of the 20s era and very entertaining. This is an absolute re-read and probably will in the near future. I now see why The Great Gatsby is a classic!!"
"A nice short, but enjoyable read. The characters are memorable and timeless. The obscene overindulgences of those with wealth highlight an underlying melancholy in those who pursue a party-going lifestyle. The notion that money cannot buy friends or happiness resonates strongly with the reader by the end of Gatsby's story."
"Fitzgerald lived in such a different world than we did, but his characters and their dreams as well as their flaws are still applicable today. As many of Fitzgerald's other books, The Great Gatsby tells of beautiful rich people who have the world but still aren't happy - and the ways that they ruin their own charmed lives."
"Read through page 120 but had to stop because pages 121 through 152 are missing from the copy I received. Instead, page 120 is followed by pages 153 through 180, which, in turn, are followed by pages 153 through 180 again. Aside from that, once I purchased another copy and finished the book, I can say I enjoyed the story."
"The question is, is the book true? If so, then that's the point of it. ""Rich girls don't marry poor boys,"" says Daisy; and that is generally true. Before re-reading it, and posting an in-depth review, I'm waiting for Amazon to offer the new edition of the book, which is already available for pre-order on Barnes and Noble!"
"I loved reading this story, the entire intrigue of the mysterious Mr. Gatsby kept me going. Fitzgerald did a commendable job of portraying the typical attitudes of the different social classes of the 1920ies, and the  overall feelings of the environment that were present after World War 1 and  before the Great Depression."
This is a must read for anyone interested in feeling the pulse of that unique period of American history. It is a love story with so many interesting views of the social fabric of the time. The character development and plot is exceptionally well balanced. It is hard to find a better written novel in American literature.
"When the movie came out last year I got curious about the book. I read it in high school, but I know from experience that the finer points of most plots and social commentaries went over my head as a teenager. So, I reexamined it. It is disturbing. However, it says a lot about American culture at the time it was written."
"After reading the much heralded ""classic"", I am still wondering why?  Perhaps I'm just not as deep a thinker as some, but I found the characters shallow, the story ordinary (underdog boy meets lofty girl), with the same old unrequited love!  Certainly did not stir up any great anticipation about seeing the movie."
"I read this back in high school, but wanted to re read it being that the movie is coming out. As I remembered, its one of my favorite books and I dont know of anyone who has read it and said otherwise. 4 stars because of how long shipping took, but if your alright with waiting for a few weeks, then go ahead and order it."
"Mariangeles, why are you so upset? Everyone is entitled to their opinions, and if you didn't like the book, there is no reason to berate others who do. I read this book in my summer school english class, and although it  took me a while to get into it, I thought that The Great Gatsby was a  well-written American classic."
"I read the book Z,  a biographical novel about the F. Scott Fitzgerald's lifestyle.  That book motivated me to read one of his books.  And it did give me more of the flavor of the era.  Now I'm read Paris Wife,  a biographical novel about E. Hemmingway and his 1st wife.  Also about lifestyle during the Roaring Twenties."
"The Great Gatsby is a good book, and that's all it is, good. Not Earth shattering or the Great American Novel, just a good book. That shouldn't discourage anyone from reading this book, it's just if you are looking for the book that everyone talks about and then read this book you will possibly be left feeling let down."
"It was easy reading.  I compared it to the movie.  Was interesting to read that Gatsby's father lived.  Also thought the movie comparison was good.  The movie ended at Gatsby's murder.  The book carried you into the reaction of all the person's Gatsby spent his life with.  Shows what a faulty group ""people"" are."
"I love this book, I have loved it since the first time I read it in probably 7th grade.  I got it on my Kindle to read in preparation for the movie, which I just saw on Friday and also loved.  The movie was so true to the book that I was so glad I had just read it!  Gatsby is truly a timeless story, everyone can relate!"
Really love this book and really enjoy the movie. I read this book back in high school and after watching the movie I really wanted to read the book again. This is a book I would really want in my collection so I went ahead and bought it. I still haven't gotten the chance to reread it but I have it when I get the time!
"While I was in high school, I dreaded the books we needed to read, and skipped most of them and took my chances on the multiple choice tests.  When the movie was announced, I decided to re-read it and truly give it a chance.  I ended up loving it so much that I decided to buy it to have it in my collection permanently."
"I read this book in college but picked it up again because I wanted to take part in the ""great read"" project here in Wilmington.I enjoyed reading this book again for the vivid picture it creates of the roaring 20's and of the people who populate this story.  F. Scott was a true master of the written word."
"Maureen Corrigan just wrote a very interesting overview of how The Great Gatsby came into being & how it earned a spot amongst ""the great American books"".  Her book was so much more interesting than the real thing ... I thought maybe I missed something when I read this book in high school but afraid not ... ):"
"I first picked up this book off a list of requirements. The first few pages were a bit hard to understand, and I began to think that I wasn't ready to read it. But when I actually deciphered the passages, it became  clear that every word had a meaning behind it. The book showed the faults  that gradually weaken human beings. Must read!!!!"
"This is one of my favorite books of all time. I just love the characters, the setting, and the sequence of events. I teach this novel to my American Literature students and I haven't had one student dislike the book. The movie with Leonardo DiCaprio is a pretty accurate representation of the novel. It's one of my favorite movies as well."
"I'd read the book years ago and had seen a bad film made of it in 1974.  Inspired by a good recent movie, I re-read the book and still love it. Fitzgerald depicts an era through vividly drawn characters and a narrator who is, as he describes himself, both a character in and an observer of the drama. This is a true American classic novel."
"My Book Club held a festive Gatsby evening after reading the book and attending the movie. We always rate the books we read on a scale of 1 to 10. The consensus was that it was an 8 to 8.5. We dressed in 20's like attire, sipped champagne, ate truffles  andeven toasted Gatsby around our hostess's illuminated swimming pool.NDT"
Originally read the story in high school and was intrigued. It's one of the few books that everyone in class read all the way through. F. Scott Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby is one of the greatest books I've ever read and I recommend it to anyone. The character development and prose grabs you instantly bringing you into the roaring 20's.
I read this book in high school but when we decided to read this in my book club I realized I forgot almost the whole story line. I loved reading this and looking at the characters from a whole different perspective. This is an American classic and a must read for everyone. I think this shows that money does not always produce happiness.
"This book never seems to age. Fitzgerald is brilliant and I love how descriptive he is. This is one of the first books that I can remember having flawed characters, but you can still love them in a way. In a word full of books that have perfect characters, this book meant something to me when I first read it and it still does. Must read."
"We've all read "" The Classics"" in school. We had to. But what was once a requirement, is now pure joy. Rereading ""Gatsby"" now was like reading it for the first time! This summer,  I am going to reread all of Fitzgerald's novels as a gift to myself. And then there's Hemingway and Joyce and Steinbeck and Salinger and......"
"I could see much of the same characteristics in the people he wrote about that are still there today.  Issues of class, money and morality based on these still are relevant today with the rich living with a different perspective.  What a sad way of experiencing love, obviously different than Daisy's world.  Would recommend for any one."
"I read this book as a requirement in high school Advanced Placement English. I actually enjoyed it. Almost 20 years later it was even better. I highly recommend classic literature lovers to not only read this, but to read it again later in life. The characters are relatable and the plot is much more interesting the second time around."
"The use of words and certain phraseology throughout this ageless classic show just why the book has been read and reread for so many years.  And, while the concept of elegant, massively attended parties may be foreign to some, the ""group"" party-hopping is as alive today as it was then. Sadly, so are lonely people.  I am so glad that I have reread it!  Bam"
I ordered the book the minute I heard that a new movie for this story was coming out and was not disappointed. I'm glad that nobody ruined the ending for me because I was not fortunate enough to have read this book in high school like most other people have done. I always keep this one around in case I want to revisit this ode to the roaring 20's and Mr. Gatsby.
"Every time I reread this incredible book, I discover something knew for myself. The Great Gatsby is truly Fitzgerald's greatest achievement - the writing style is incredible and the storyline is heartbreaking. Despite the story being set in the 1920's, it is still very much each to relate to today, as it addresses the questions of human nature, honor and values."
"Fitzgerald's portrait of life on Long Island in the Jazz Age is some of the most colorful American writing ever done. At first you feel, as did Fitzgerald's narrator, Nick Carraway, as if you've been dropped into a madhouse. Gradually things become clear. The ending is positively unforgettable.Why did this great talent have to leave us so early?????"
"The great Gatsby is such an amazing story about love, power, hate, and greed. Gatsby and Daisy have this powerful love connection between each other. Gatsby believed in the green light and that one day we will all go back into the past. This book is great for any age but I'd  recommended it to teens & adults. F. Scott Fitzgerald, you are truly an amazing writer"
"I loved the way the author makes you live in the book, you become a part of the party and you feel like its you who is suffering all the bad luck some of the characters have. The only part I didnt quite enjoy was the ending, I thought it went a bit too quickl but still, the book really makes you feel, so if you want an emotional roller coaster this is for you!"
"It is a great novel to reflect on dreams,hopes and what it means to loose them and realize that you dont have anything else to hang on but to struggle to somehow make them true. You cant love Gatsby but yet you can not hate him either in his stuborness to re live what is already dead, because, in the end, he is just as desperate as any one to full fill a dream"
"It is ""The Great Gatspy"". The electronic edition is great as usual.  I have read this book in paper back before but the Kindle edition is much easier to read.  I prefer electronic books because I can just take my Kindle out of my purse and read it whenever I have a few minutes down time whether it is at home, a doctor's office, or at the beauty parlor."
"I had heard a lot about this book, but when I finally read it, I was  disappointed. The plot is just too silly and predictable.... The only positive thing I  have to say about this book is that Fitzergald writes it well. This novel  is another example (along with ""Great Expectations"" and ""To  Kill a Mockingbird"") of a bad plot well written."
"I just read The Great Gatsby for the first time since high school and now I can see why it's a classic. Exquisitely written, the novel brings the reader through the exciting world of New York in the 1920s. I feel like if I say much more, I'll give away the story to anyone who hasn't read it. It's a solid example of great prose, characterization, and plotting."
"I read this book a long time ago. Now that I know many ""society"" people, I found the book not so fascinating. I guess it's interesting to reread what life was like back then. I couldn't help but wonder how cell phones and having Internet service, especially Google, would have changed this entire book..."
"Timeless story that susbsumes elements from our daily, modern lives.  Every character can be transposed on some relation in our typical lives, or  searched for in our altered realities.  A book to read over and over again  and every different stage of life to glean additional nuances of  Fitzgerald's brillance!"
"A great short story. Having never read this book, I wasn't sure of what to expect. However, Fitzgerald does an amazing job of building the characters in the classic.  I found myself needing to look up several words in the dictionary, but it was well worth it and has become one of my favorite books of all time."
"Dear reader, do not read ""The Great Gatsby"" like you would other books. In fact, before you read it (or re-read it), take a thing such as time, color, etc. and see how Fitzgerald uses that thing. You will be  amazed how this book dives deep into many dimensions of thought and spirit.  Wonderful book!"
"This book was required for my son's school.  When it arrived, many of the pages were not even cut apart!  Some of the print was written at an angle on the page,  and the pages were uneven!  There was no time to return it,  so we ended up fixing what we could with a pair of scissors.  I was not pleased at all!"
"First off let me say that I loved the story. The 3 stars are because for some reason the text to speech option is disabled on this title! I have never had this problem with other titles.I really hope this will be fixed for future editions, because there should no excuse not to read this amazing classic!"
I read this book in school as an assignment - I hated it. I decided to give it a read 25 years later - I guess it takes an educated eye to see - I found this book so so insightful and awesome. if you were like me and read this as a school assignment and viewed it as a laborious read - give it a second chance.
"I was so absorbed in the beautiful tone that I almost forgot about the story.  I read the beginning over and over again, and still could not grasp all the mystery and beauty of the world that Fitzgerald was revealing.  A  true masterpiece.  Worth reading 1000 times.  That's all I have to say  about this book."
I had read this book maybe 40 years ago but recently saw the movie and it sparked my interest again.  The movie went along the same story line but at the end I noticed the book gave me more information about Gatsby himself that the movie never touched.  So needless to say I thoroughly enjoyed the book again.
"I really enjoyed this novel. The characters are depicted so well that they truly come alive in the reader's mind. The plot is, at least for me, anything but predictable. And, even though the book is rather short, it manages to describe a complex world and complex relationships between the characters. A gem!"
"I flat out love this story.  I'm sure many have scene the movie but let me assure you the book is written far more old school than the recent movie (Leo D) - I love this style of writing and how people spoke to each other even 40, 50 years ago. I would highly recommend reading this book if you like classics"
"Like many, the first time I read this book was when it was assigned in school. Then I did not truly appreciate the true complexity of the novel. Having read this several times since, Fitzgerald’s mastery of storytelling and writing astounds me. This is truly one of the greatest American novels ever written."
I decided it was time to re-read thus book I was a little nervous given the bad reviews but the sample seemed good so I got it and I have no idea what the others were talking about the wording is the exact same as any other e bookcase size wording everything I  Loved this book!! Definitely a buy me book lol
"Simply put, Gatsby is a perfect book.  Perhaps the ""Great American Novel"" that so many have tried and failed to create.  A marvel of character and symbolism, a wonder of a story.  It is fully realized, and a very telling narrative pointed at class structure and society of early 20th century America."
"and I stayed up crying for hours after the ending! Even now if I see a copy of it in a store I cringe. I won't tell you why because that would ruin the story for you.So why am I giving it five stars? Because the writing is *truly* remarkable. If you want an example of excellent literature, this is it."
"The novel was pleasent to read and easy to understand.  Gatsby's ambition to obtain social equality in order to win Daisy's approval is a testimony of one mans drive to reach true love.  Through his determination, hope is  kepted alive and is taught to be a key motivator in the pursuit of dreams  and goals."
"The book was a lot smaller than I thought it would be, but the story was amazingly written and being a writer myself I appreciate the style and magnitude of the word pictures.  It is and great story to read as a family.  And if you liked the movie the book is just as, if not more, beautiful than the movie."
I enjoyed how Fitzgerald used phrases and words to describe what he was seeing or feeling. I always thought it was just a superficial story about very wealthy people. It was much more than that. The display of racism and antisemitism was difficult for me to take but I understand that was the thinking then.
I can see why this is a classic. F. Scott Fitzgerald's skillful writing makes this book an enjoyable read. It truly reflects the mores of the people in upper class and gives insight into the period in which it was written.I wonder how many of Fitzgerald's friends thought he was writing about them....
"The work of F. Scott Fitzgerald is amazing. His style is unique, it's all Scott.The one thing I've noticed with Kindle downloads is errors.  Small ones, but errors nonetheless.  It's not the work of Fitzgerald, it's an occasional ""at"" when ""as"" would have made the sentence make sense."
"Brilliantly written. It was extremely interesting, but also confusing, and I'm hoping when we do it for a set-work it will be a bit clearer. But I did get the most of it. The ending. It was horribly sad. That, not quite tears, but just ugly feeling sadness.But brilliant. Very good. Had me hooked."
This novel is very descriptive and very vivid in its portrayal of the events and the scenes between the main characters. The skillful writing of what could have just been a simple plot has drawn me to read the entire book in one sitting. It is a delightful choice for anybody who needs to pass the time.
"I love the imagery this book evokes. However, found the author a little too fond of the word 'violent' in descriptions (only a minor criticism- its not mentioned on every page, just enough to get my attention). The main character was also a bit passive for my liking. but otherwise it was a great read."
"I haven't read this since childhood, so it was a great refresher. Good to read before seeing the movie. I thoroughly enjoyed it. You can totally understand why this is considered ""classic literature"". You don't find many modern authors with this extraordinary ability to set you mind in motion."
"I can't believe I haven't read this book before now.  I was inspired by a trailer for the upcoming movie.  While I enjoyed this book, the way it was written seemed like a rough draft.  Maybe there are better copies?  Either way I enjoyed it, I recommend it, and I look forward to the movie in May 2013."
"I love this classic novel.  Recommended for any readers over the age of 13.  Relatable for anyone- the young and old both feel a sense of nostalgia.As for the physical product, it doesn't quite look exactly like the photo, but same basic cover image enlarged.  Arrived in perfect condition."
"Truly outstanding. Memorable in many ways: characters, symbolism, writing style. While this book isn't as memorable to me as Lord of the Rings, because I read this at an older age and it didn't effect my life in the  same way, there are no books BETTER than this. If you have any hesitations,  read it."
"During my college years, I was forced to read The Great Gatsby, and I must say that I'm glad my professor chose to force this masterpiece on me.  It is my all time favorite book.  Fitzgerald's last three final paragraphs could stand alone by themselves and they would still be considered a masterpiece."
"There are just a few characters in the story and it takes place over a very short period of time - it's really more of a novella than a novel.So, Fitzgerald can really focus - there's not a word out of place.You can read this over a weekend to experience writing at its finest."
Read this in high school and decided to re-read before I went to see the movie this summer.The story of Gatsby and Daisy is a reminder of that one true love that most of us can never let go and aren't sure how to until that moment of impact happens that lets us know that it's really over.
This is a really amazing story if you take the time to understand the meaning of the words! A truly inspiring book of a young man on his quest to understand the world. This is one of those books that you have to read more than once to fully understand the meaning. I would recommend this book to aspiring English major.
"I wanted to see the movie this year, so I re-read gatsby since I hadn't read it since 10th grade in English class.  I forgot how sad the story was.  Love the characters and the fabulous party scenes, but as an adult reading the book, it was just very sad.  I decided to wait for the movie to avoid tears in the theatre."
"I had forgotten how wordy Fitzgerald writes, I couldn't make it past page 6 the second time reading it because I just had to read and re-read several parts to fully comprehend and not just scan! It's not a bad book, I read it in high school and really liked it, but it's definitely not something to read more than once!"
"It is, arguably, the greatest American novel.  Read the last 2 pages and you are reading some of the most beautiful prose in the English language.  Fitzgerald once said that he could never forgive the rich for being rich.  This novel makes sense of that statement.  And the last line  feels like a punch in the stomach."
"Just love it!The language is mother f**king hard i had to use kindle dicitonary like 5 times a page no kidding but that's the charm in this bookthe language, the big words.Mr.Nick Carraway is a wonderful narrator and a great characterthe ending paragraph in this book will follow me everywhere."
I just saw the movie a few weeks ago and was delighted to find the intro to the book could have been used as the screenplay.  The characters are as outrageous as the times the lived in and just as much fun while at the same time being heart breaking.  The movie was eye candy as were the words in the novel.  Brilliant
"I loved the book but didn't reallize the print would be so small and light in this edition(paperback).  I had not read the story before and thought it was much different from the older films.  It will be interesting to read it again just before the new film is out.  For older eyes, I would recommend another printing."
Not one line or word in this book is false. There is so much more meaning in this book than any of the movies. So many people take this book at face value. They need to think deeper.The Peter Trevor at Rolling Stone Magazine needs to learn how to really read a book before he opens his mouth. His brain is dead.
Great Gatsby is probably F. Scott Fitzgerald's finest literary creation. The characters seem dull and amoral but I think that's what makes this book special. His writing doesn't follow the mainstream formula of novels and stories. There is no synthesis and characters in the story do not undergo some sort of aporia.
"A beautiful style of writing that captures the reader with vivid descriptions of the characters and places. A story , not only just about those poor rich people set in a romantic time, but also a story of misplaced love among some redeeming characters and others not so much. At the end, it is also about loneliness."
"I am so surprised that no one mentioned that you need a magnifying glass to read this edition of an amazing classic.  I have 20/20 vision, but opened this and was shocked.  This review has nothing to do with the story -- a true timeless masterpiece -- but this edition is not for the sight-challenged."
"This book was just as I remembered it, reading in high school. I'm going to see the movie this week, so wanted to read it again. I still don't feel this was the greatest book of the era, nor was it the greatest I ever read. It was quick, and lightly entertaining. We'll see how it compares on screen."
"Love this book.  It is not too long but long enough to support a developed story line.  I am a fan of symbolism and this book definitely has many symbolic characters, items, and topics.  The cover is just as pictured, not the one with the white border.  Print is decent sized as well, not too small."
"I ordered this book to see how the movie followed the book.  I had read The Great Gatsby years and years ago and I needed to refresh my memory.  I felt that Hollywood did well portraying the plot and the interactions of the characters.  A tragic story that, even today, still exists among humankind."
"The Great Gatsby is a monumental story that excellently portrays the 1920s.  It tells the story of Nick Carraway's life living next door to rich Mr. (Great) Gatsby.  The story is full of deceitful love triangles, risky gambling, and even murder.  All of which is viewed from the simple eyes of Nick."
while reading the great gatsby over this past summer i did not realize the signifigance of the underlying meaning. after i read it a second time i began to understand the actual beauty of fitzgerald's masterpiece. if you  ever want a book to sit and contemplate for a while then i suggest this  one.
The Great Gatsby is widely considered the greatest piece of fiction ever written.  Its almost insulting that a story written as a representation of the 1920's lifestyle (and the best representation ever) that explores the themes of greed at the time is downgraded because the plot isn't Fight Club.
"As an emerging poet with work published in various literary magazines I now appreciate a lot of what The Great Gatsby has to offer. The drama in it is, unfortunately, not in my taste, but Fitzgerald's ability to use language and lyricism in narration and description is too good not to appreciate."
"I was assigned this book for my AP English III class this year as a summer reading book. Fitzgerald 's way of writing is very different from today's writing. It's flowing, almost angelic. You have to read between the lines to understand his work. He doesn't give everything away... much like me :)"
Purchased the book to read and help son with his internal..... But I actually enjoyed the book and the way it was written.  But also helping with homework was able to gain a better insight from a very different angle.  But best of all was to follow this up with the film.  Well done and recommend.
"It's F.Scott Fitzgerald , of course it's great! - absolutely beautiful prose perfectly describing the times he lived in. Never  mind the silly movies based on the novel - it's told in first person, which is always lost on a movie version, unless the author is narrating throughout. Read and enjoy!"
"In the struggle among the ones who criticize and the ones who praise ""The Great Gatsby"", I enroll myself with the second group.The style is so clear and the language is so accurate that it explains why this Fitzgerald’s novel has been taken five times to the cinema since 1926."
"Book was in good quality, the previous owner left some sticky notes with comments, which were helpful since i needed it for school, so i used the markers as guidelines for my assignments. Also, i really love this book and all the unexpected troubles that come along in the story. Really hits you."
"This book, mandatory reading in many high schools, I expect is entirely wasted on the young.  I am just entering late middle age and am astounded and completely taken in by the timeless beauty of Fitzgerald's prose, which I utterly lacked the wisdom and life experience to appreciate at eighteen."
Read this again since the new movie just came out. I had read it in high school and loved it so much I still had my copy from high school. I wanted to remember why I loved it so much then. After reading it again I know why. Fitzgerald's use of language draws you in and puts you in another world.
"Hadn't read this for a long long time.  It was just barely disappointing, probably because I have read so many other good books since the time I first read The Great Gatsby.  It certainly gives the reader much to think about, but I truly feel it is overrated.  It gives one much food for thought."
"I read this book in order to write an essay for my college English class, and I had heard that it was a good book. This book was so suspenseful and scandalous! I absolutely loved it! I only wish I hadn't read it so that I could read it for the first time again! This book is a complete shocker!!!"
"Perhaps the reason that no film adaptation of Gatsby has been well-received is that no director could possibly compete with the pictures Fitzgerald paints in the reader's mind.  If you haven't already, read this and lose yourself in this Jazz age Greek tragedy.  And enjoy the movie in your mind."
"After knocking around through all the best sellers and not being very pleased, I decided to go with something that I'd read many years ago that I knew was good.  The Great Gadsby was indeed great, and still is.  So much in this relatively short book.  A most enjoyable read.  Highly recommended."
"The writing in the Great Gatsby is incredible. The narrative swept me away and kept me spell bound. The writing is nuanced and filled with metaphor. Make sure you have enough time set aside to read the whole book because it will be hard to put down. This is a must read, top 10 book of all time."
"""The Great Gatsby"" is one of the books assigned to me in Junior High School, which literally made me think that reading was not for me and that books were so boring you couldn't keep your eyes open long enough to make any progress through the pages.Recently, now that I've been an avid and voracious reader for decades, I've been revisiting some of my old paperback nemeses and seeing if I was really feeling what I thought I was feeling back in the day.Now that I've made it through this one, I simply can't understand why any teacher or school board would torture modern children with this over-fluffed, treacle-encrusted marzipan of word-sludge as opposed to ten thousand other books of higher literary value, that the youth of today could identify more closely with and learn something from.The avalanche of nails-across-the-chalkboard metaphors in the early going of ""Gatsby,"" the author of which -- from his pompous and aloof style of pointless word-slinging -- apparently mistook himself in real life for the offspring of Goethe and Charlotte Bronte, drip on our heads like slowly- melting icicles in a recently refurbished igloo where wizened Eskimos ponder their evening blubber like Franciscan Monks who have lost a rosary bead in their sourdough muffins.But slogging ever-onward through wordy and pretentious descriptions of landscapes, lawns, shorelines and mansions, and also slogging through some tedious back-story pages, a plot does begin to emerge which is not totally without some merit and actually encorporates some ACTION!!In the short 180 pages of the book, a lot finally does happen, most of it towards the end, where mercifully the author had apparently gotten as sick as the rest of us of his metaphorical vomitations and settled down -- at least slightly -- to the meat and potatoes of his tale.....or should I say, the pheasant under glass and truffles of his tale.I guess I'm glad I know what's in this book now, just because everybody seems to think it's so important -- for what reason, I'll never know."
"I'm assuming this book is considered a classic. I don't read the classics that often, so I wouldn't know. But anyway, I've heard of this one all my life, and watched part of the movie a couple times, I think. The other day, it so happened I was in the mood for literary fiction, and already having an armchair historian's interest in the 1920s, I waded in.Story-wise, I didn't quite know what to expect. Turns out, the plot is an age-old standard about a poor boy's devotion to a privileged girl. Thrown into the mix is a rags-to-riches theme, a couple intersecting love triangles, the futility of material ambitions, the disease of wealth and much analytical fodder for social anthropologists.Gatsby is great, as I see it, only in his heroic determination in conquering the world (well, financially conquering a significant piece of it, anyway) to win the heart of the narrator's cousin, Daisy. Daisy is one of those girls who is fun and bubbly at casual social events, held at arm's distance. Under her attractive surface, however, is a shallow, vapid conformist hardly worth the efforts Gatsby has labored at to ascend to her snobby caste. Daisy's hypocritical two-timing blowhard husband is even less likable. Though Gatsby has amassed his wealth by extra-legal means, he was by far the most sympathetic character for me, even without the poignant destiny.I don't know if this was considered light reading in 1925, but today Fitzgerald's prose would befuddle all but the most literate. Not to say he meanders into introspective tedium as James Jones did 30 years later. Fitzgerald reminds me of Victorian-era authors who spent considerable time spelling out their observations of subtle human nuances/intuiting/speculating about the cognitive patterns they translated to. It's actually enjoyable, and didn't tax my 21st Century attention span too often. It was obvious, however, that F. Scott's favorite word was ""vitality.""There is a murder, of sorts, in this novel, but the mystery that makes it worthwhile is the title character."
"One would have to be rather pedantic not recognize that F. Scott Fitzgerald was an important novelistic voice of the Jazz Age in post World War I America. Certainly nobody has chronicled the end of the age of American innocence signaled by the Jazz Age better than Fitzgerald.Fitzgerald certainly was not the only voice of that age but the voice that best exemplified the tensions between the mores of `old wealth' and the emerging sources of `new wealth' that were produced by the huge amount of money available, mainly through government contracts,  as result of the war or riches gained through the illegal liquor trade. That is the sociological underpinning that drives Fitzgerald's work.There is no better example of those tensions than Jay Gatsby.  If nothing else it is a dramatic enactment of the strivings of the new money to `make it' in the world of high society, one way or another. And what better way to do that than in the age old tradition of buying one's way into that society through marriage. This is the modern American version of that story.And the story itself? One Jay Gatsby, the former Jimmy Ganz, freshly reinventing himself after indeterminate service in the American military in World War I  and loaded with cash from questionable financial resources, attempts to win, or rather re-win the affections of one Daisy Buchanan his vision of the perfect life companion and exemplar of the `old money' crowd that he wishes to crash. One little complication, however, gets in the way. She has found herself married to a brutish but very wealthy member of that `old money' crowd. Gatsby's lavish but fumbling attempts to lure her away from the high society of Long Island, then the summer watering hole of the `old money', forms the core of the story.Gatsby's trial and tribulations on the way as narrated by Nick Carroway (and Gatsby's somewhat unwitting accomplice in the Daisy matter) keeps the story line going until the final deadly ending. The morale- the very rich are indeed very different from you or I. Moreover, someone else will always have to pick up the messes they have made for themselves. They merely move on.  This may serve as a cautionary tale for that time and possibly today.A word on literary merits. According to the inevitable changes in literary fashion as well as literary politics Fitzgerald, for long a leading figure in the canon of American literature, has been somewhat eclipsed by other more post-modernist trends. While I firmly believe that the Western canon is in dire need of expansion to include `third world', woman and minority voices Fitzgerald's literary merits stand on their own. His tightly- crafted story line, his sense of language and the flat-out fact that that he knew the subject matter that formed the basis of his expositions merit renewed consideration by today's reader.Simply put, if you want to understand part of what was going on in America in the 1920's before the Great Crash of 1929 then you simply have to read the man. If nothing else read the last few pages of Gatsby. If there is a better literary expression of the promise of America as seem by the early Dutch settlers of New York as the last best hope of civilization and the failure of that promise at the hands of the `robber barons' and their descendents I have not read it."
"Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby is a classic of American literature. Many people have read it in school, but I came upon it later in life. I admire the beauty of the language and the story. No need for me to comment on the symbolism, etc.- many others can comment more intelligently.After reading it twice now, and appearing in a bit part in a stage production of the novel, I have had time and opportunity to reflect on the book. What sticks with me are the characters. Tom Buchanan is a blustery bully, but very vital and interesting. His wife Daisy is beautiful, period. Gatsby is a fool who refuses to grow up. The ""love of his life"" is taken by another man and he should just get on with it. He is attractive and magnetic- he could find any number of beautiful, intelligent women to be with, but he fixates on the unworthy Daisy. His tragedy seems to be his inability to live in the present.  So that gives us Tom and Daisy in the category of People I'm Glad I Don't Know and Gatsby in the category of People Who Need a Vigorous Kick in the Seat.  However, the character who ended up making me angry was Nick Carraway. He is so often mentioned as some kind of Greek chorus. This is not how I see him. I see Nick as the one person who could have done something or even just said something that might have averted the tragedy of this story. He does nothing. He sees people make bad decisions and do stupid things and doesn't say a word. In fact, he helps things along. Obviously, Fitzgerald would never have written it any differently. Gatsby with a happy ending would have been forgotten immediately if ever published at all.It's a wonderful read, and part of the American Lit canon. I do recommend The Great Gatsby, but I can't get the bad taste of Nick Carraway out of my mouth."
"An amazing book centered around the roaring twenties. I highly recommend it for anyone who is looking for an interesting book. It's short and easy to get through, maybe a little hard to follow at first as well. If you enjoy it, you should definitely watch the new movie with Leonardo DiCaprio."
"This was a good book but I was expecting it to be really good since it is a classic.  Also, the pictures that the description of the book mention are a few pages at the beginning instead of throughout the book.  Not that I care, but the link at the end for the audio book version did not work."
"I thought this book was really good.  It was awesome.  It showed that Fitsgerald is a great author.  Out of the many characters in this book i found that Daisy was a very loving individual.  She some times loved too much.  which you will find out when u read the book, I give it two thumbs up."
"This book, needless to say, is one of the greatest ever written. The characters are incredible. There are layers of meaning behind every action and every word. The first time I opened it, I literally didn't put it back down until I had finished reading. Do yourself a favor and buy this book."
I was very disappointed when I opened my Great Gatsby book from the mail. The cover is completely wrong and did not match the Amazon picture. I bought the book because it is my favorite book ever and part of that does stem from the book cover. None the less the story in side is 100% amazing!
I was looking for something to learn a lot of new words as well as something which is written beautifully. The book is a pure artwork. It has great sentence structures and the description of scenes are so detailed that you really come to appreciate the author's beautiful writing. Great work!
"I hadn't appreciated why this novel was so well regarded. I thought it was a period piece, a costume drama, not a gripping read with various twists and turns and insight into the human condition.The movie is due soon, so read it first."
Can't wait to see the movie when it comes May 10th. It should be good with DeCaprio  as Gatsby. I enjoyed the book as well as the first movie with Redford as Gatsby.
"After reading Ernest Hemingway's Movable Feast, my curiosity with regard to F. Scott Fitzgerald was piqued. The Great Gatsby has been classified as his best work which was why I chose to read it first. Set in the 1920s, the story captures life in those times vividly. Fitzgerald's descriptions allowed me to imagine how things were back then. He is quite a storyteller."
"A great American novel?  I really don't get it, unless it hasn't aged well, or I am too distant culturally and in time to understand why this book received all the accolades it did?  And now they've made a(nother) movie of it - yawn!"
"I read it when younger for the plot, but now value it more for the beautiful writing and the sardonic wit with which Scott Fitzgerald reveals his scorn for the 'jazz age"" society he chose to be part of.  The novel evokes wry smiles rather than laughter.  Gatsby's story is that of a tragic ""wannabe"" who could not see the flaws in the shallow Daisy Buchanan, who with her husband Tom were to be found ""wherever people played polo and were rich together""."
"I read this book many years ago in High School Literature and thought Id read it again before the new film is released....I couldnt put it down....literally!  The highs, the lows, laughter and tears, ....F.Scott Fitzgerald captures the Era and the Characters in a way that you feel you are amongst the lavishness of the era.  A brilliant read!  Im sure the Film will also be amazing - Ive been sooooooo looking forward to it, but if you havent read the original, I highly reccommend you do - as the Book's journey is always so much better!"
"Written in a style unknown with this century's authors. Depth of characterisation unique for someone so young,the Mozart of his age."
"The Great Gatsby. The Great American Novel. Maybe you need to be American to truly appreciate it. The story was good. The prose was excellent. There were scenes which should have been emotional. The only problem was that I did not connect with it. I did not have any interest in either the lifestyle or the relationships between all the major characters. I also felt the side characters were not given enough time to develop and came across as very shallow. I get why this is a classic though. The prose, in particular, was beautiful. However, this was not to my taste."
"Worth a read for sure! Pretty cool to check out, interesting characters and still really funny in places. Check it out"
Fitzgerald never gets old.  I still love this story.  I re-read this book because there is a new movie coming out and I wanted to refresh my memory of the story.
"I had to reread the book before seeing the movie and I have to say you certainly miss a lot of themes in high school!  It also helps that you're not forced to critically analyze each chapter and just enjoy reading for the sake of reading.  A classic that is highly entertaining, full of depth, and beautiful writing."
"The headline says it all for me.  Scott Fitzgerald fashioned a story about the arrogance of those who think they are everything and own everyone, versus those who would try and break in to their world.  While the fascination with Daisy forms the basis of the story, it's a story about class.  It is a riveting story."
"On of my favorite books of all time (as movie was awesome, as well)! The timeless story of Jay Gatsby and his love for Daisy Buchanan is widely acknowledged as agree is the closest thing to the Great American Novel ever written. Everything about this era is glitz and glamour and his love for this woman was amazing!"
"I read this book first ins high school, I thought it was okay but reading it again I now understand what the author was saying, basically that the rich is not like the rest of us, mosts of the characters are one-dimensional, like Daisy and Tom.  To be honest the lessons in this book are still relevant to this day."
"A breathtakingly beautiful story of a character at no man can ever be compared to, Gatsby. One of the greatest contemporary works of the time and arguably the greatest piece of literature by F. Scott Fitzgerald. A must read short story full of expression and life. One of the best books I have ever read, Old Sport."
"Having finished this book just now, what I fully think of it - masterful story of striving, single-minded purposes, wed at the end to the overarching purpose that has driven European Americans since they first saw the shores of this continent.  Some true gems in this book, a must read glimpse at the roaring 20's."
"Everyone has either read or seen a version or two of The Great Gatsby. It is still an excellent read and starts to parallel Fitzgerald and wife, Zelda's frenetic lifestyle. Whereas Tender Is The Night might as well be an autobiographical written by F. Scott, Jay Gatzby and entourage never fail to ""amuse""."
"Like most Fitzgerald books,  the characters seem much like his circle of friends and his wife from the 1920's.  The plot is much more developed that from his early works such as The Beautiful and Damned.  I enjoyed the story line and although I would have liked a different outcome at the end, I enjoyed the book."
"It is very well written. I feel as tho I ""know"" each character. Part of it written in the area I live in which makes it more personal. The conflicts,battles and strained relationships as well as the passion, love and friendships can be easily applied to todays realities or unrealities as the case may be."
"Well crafted, better than I'd remembered it from reading it years ago.  AND, I think I may have saved some money, having lost the inclination to see it reimagined and spectacularized.  The book was so little about the parties and so much more about what was going on inside a few of the people who attended them."
"I've read The Great Gatsby several times and had misplaced my copy, so this book was to replace the lost book.  The characterization and the story line contrasting the rich and the poor of the time is beyond great.  If you haven't read it, or have forgotten it, it is worth a re-read."
"Bought this for my friend's birthday, because he had seen the movie before reading the book....(and he regretted that.)Came in great condition and speedy delivery (I had Amazon Prime shipping). Would buy again if I wanted to read this classic novel! Price is also not bad."
"So I wanted to read this book before I went to go see the movie with Leonardo DiCaprio.  I'm halfway through right now, and it's okay so far.  Kinda confusing at the beginning, but now it's started to flow more like a story.  I hope the end blows me away to make up for the beginning!"
When I first read this book in high school I wasn't wild about it like most high schools about reading. But in college I was to read it again and it gave me a whole new appreciation for Fitzgerlad's take on the 20's through the lives of his 6 main characters is just amazing to read.
"This has always been and will always be one of my favorite stories.  The beautiful tragedy which is Gatsby, smart as a whip, charming, yet a hopeful fool.  It shows the cruelty of humans towards each other and how they bring darkness to their own world by quelling any light of hope."
"A movie can never be a book, so I've constantly puzzled by reviewers who expect it to be. That being said, this movie captures the flavor, the zest, and the superficiality of a time when money was everything and values were trampled beneath the feet of the rich. Really enjoyed this!"
"Simply the Greatest novel ever written. Long before the hamptons and hedge funders...Fitzgerald captured summer on long island: a story of love amongst those who are rich and those who want to be rich, mix in sunshine, sand, water and some rum. Still going on nearly 100 years later."
"I don't know why I liked this book.  It's not the kind of book you'll find me reading, but I couldn't put this one down.  I fell in love with Gatsby's selflessness, and hated that he did everything for Daisy, who was as selfless as they come.  Great read; you won't be able to stop!"
"Absolutely loved this classic!  I think it is definitely a must read!  The characters, the plot in the 1920s, and the symbolism make this book so interesting to read!  Definitely recommend!For a more in-depth review, check out my book blog, A Nook of Blankets and Books![...]"
"This is the second time I've read The Great Gatsby, but I enjoyed it much more about 51 years ago.  The characters seemmore vaporous now and the story is somewhat flawed.  I think this was a Freshmen English class in college and I was moreenamored with it at the time.."
"For the most part, I enjoyed this novel.  F. Scott Fitzgerald was a great heralder of this age in American history.  I did no enjoy it as much as other books that told of America in certain times.  it was sort of a mild book, and it's up and ending down, was sort of unfulfilling.  This was my feeling about Fitzgerald's work generally."
This classic only gains in relevance as the years go by and the country is once again in the grips of an epic battle between the haves and the have-nots. What I thought I understood of its meaning when I was a college student is only a smattering of what I now understand as a mature adult. This should be required reading for everyone!
"I have read and reread this book over and over again. It's a deep book. If you take it at face value, just the plot etc and not dig deeper into the novel then I'm sure you would think that it's mediocre and ""what's the big deal?""Having said that, if you love poetry,symbolism and depth, then you will love this book!"
"There are so many editions of Gatsby out there, but this is the one with everything.  Matthew Bruccoli is the definitive Fitzgerald scholar, and his introduction is sensitive, pertinent, and beautifully written.  Fitzgerald himself chose the art that appears on this cover for his publication of Gatsby.  Also, you can't beat the price!"
"There are so many editions of Gatsby out there, but this is the one with everything.  Matthew Bruccoli is the definitive Fitzgerald scholar, and his introduction is sensitive, pertinent, and beautifully written.  Fitzgerald himself chose the art that appears on this cover for his publication of Gatsby.  Also, you can't beat the price!"
"This book is too predictable.  I don't know if anyone who has read the book, didnt see the conclusion before the climax.  To top it off every theme is spelled out for the reader.  The title bewilders me and the allure  of millions confuses me.  All in all 'The Great Gatsby' should've stayed a  flop, just as it was in Fitzgerald's day."
This is supposed to be one of the greatest novels ever written and I had never read it before.  The movie (which I did not see) hype got me interested in reading the book and it did not disappoint.  Character development was terrific.  Glad I read it; well worth the time.  Wish it had been a longer.  How can one critique Fitzgerald?
"I watched the new version of this movie, which made me want to read this book again. I hadn't read it since college. I really enjoyed the book. Better than I did the first 2 times I read it (in HS and college). I guess a greater appreciation for it came with age haha. Such a well written, good story. I highly recommend it. - Mrs. W"
Finally got around to reading this.  I wasn't educated in the US so this was not required reading when I went to school.  T>S> Elliot's comment about it being the greatest American novel is a bit overstated.  The scene setting and the times are so well drawn.  No wonder hollywood keeps going back to make it again and again.
"This book was interesting. The context was hard to understand at first, but we grew accustomed to it as we progressed. The beginning was slow but it soon picked up pace and was exciting. The story is almost like a soap  opera. Fitzgerald uses large words to portray his thoughts and to give the  book more detail. Overall great book."
"Read ""Gatsby"" when I was much younger and realize how much of this wonderful story I really ""missed"". Wonderful descriptions and such an enjoyable read.  Looking forward to the newest film version now that I have reacquainted myself with thismarvelous writer."
"I received a different version book (different cover). I was supposed to get the version shown in the picture above for my class, but instead, I was given a different version. I had to use the different version while everyone else in my class used the same version. I felt awkward."
"This is the fourth time I have the honor of reading this book, in preparation of the upcoming movie.I love it and it seems to get better everytime.If you haven't read it - read it before the movie and if you have read it - this should be at the top of the re-read pile!"
I have  loved the audio books. With the movie being out I wanted to read/listen to the book first. I really enjoyed The Great Gatsby narrated by Jake Gyllenhaal.  Gyllenhaal's narration was why I purchased this copy. Recommend this to all who enjoy the audio books and Gyllenhaal.
Great narrative and reminded me why I loved this book in high school. The characters are rich in style and personality while the landscape itself is an active participant. I loved everything about it and enjoyed the elitist lexicon! Who speaks like that?! Picturesque and perfect.
"Even though the story started slow, it got better and better as I read.  It was the first novel in years I read cover to cover.  The first novel I truly read in my high school career.  It was a great book to finish high school with.  I recommend this novel to anyone and everyone."
"The book starts off with good intentions, but as the plot continues it loses intrest.  Later, the book starts to fallow a pattern and so you can predict what will happen next.  The fact that the book ends with three  deaths makes it all the more predictable.  It cold be improved."
"I've never really understood the love of this novel. I read it in high school and decided to reread it now to see if I was missing something. I just don't care for the story I guess. It's still worth the read, especially if you've never read it before. It's just not my favorite."
"It's a classic I've always wanted to read. However when it was over my thought was ""Is that all there is? What's all the fuss about?""  I didn't like any of the characters and didn't have any inspiration about their decadent self absorbed lives. It was tedious and boring."
"This was an excellent book.  It captured the readers attention from the start and kept you clinging to the fascinating storyline.  It displayed true human character, without trying to sound impressive.  A simple, yet understated work of fiction.  One of the best books I've read."
"I read this book becaue my son was reading it in his American Literarure class. I wasn't sure what to expect. So I was pleasantly surprised and the twist and unexpected turn of events. I don't want to give any hint of what happpened, but if you haven't read The Great Gatsby please do. Its a wonderful story"
When I was reading this I kept wondering how it could be a classic. After I finished it I realized I kept thinking about the characters and the things they do and what makes them tick. This is what makes it a classic.HOw Fitzgerald weaves elements of time into the plot and how shallow relationships can be.
"it is one of the most beautiful pages ever written. Although I recommend TGG to everyone and frequently give it as a gift, it's a shame that so many people are forced to read it in high school as that ruins it for a lot of folks; although I guess just as many people discover it through that forced feeding."
"This is one of the best novels I have ever read and enjoyed. It shows men are passionate, but women are calculated. It is a good book to read for all male students in High School to prepare them for the real world. While you believe in love, not these young ladies around you who look so innocent and pure."
I was not prepared for the turn the book takes and was left feeling perplexed. This is a book I was required to read in high school and did not at the time. I will need to spend some time now digesting the meaning behind the seemingly meaninglessness in the story. An engaging read but a challenging story.
"How much more I appreciate this book with a few decades under my belt! The brilliant insights, the sumptuousness of the language, the timeless  underlying story...I kept smiling in wonder as I read. Like many classics, Gatsby should be required reading --or re-reading -- before your 20th college reunion."
"This always has been an  forever will be my favorite book. The vividness of the picture Fitzgerald draws through the quick witted eyes of Nick Carraway leaves a lasting impression. The unbelievable nature of humanity, rich or poor, and the beautiful lifestyle they live.... just perfect. I love this book."
"The Great Gatsby is a book of interests. There is honesty and lies. This book makes you wonder why. Society is poor and uncharacteristically horrible, and  I truly enjoyed this book, because it was clever and well written. I would say if you like life stories, or even if you don't, read The Great Gatsby."
"Hadn't read this since high school. With all the hoopla over the movie, I decided to read it again.Some classics seem overrated. This is not one of them. Fitzgerald is a remarkably economic,yet beautifully descriptive writer. This is such a modern novel., one tha t totally resonates with our modern life."
"I know I shouldn't judge a book by its cover, but when I received this in the mail, the eyes were stabbed out with a pen! None of the pages were exceedingly damaged, and some of the markings helped me understand the book better. I don't regret this purchase, but I would've preferred a less damaged book."
"I had never read ""The Great Gatsby"". I'm glad I finally did. It was such a good story. It truly is an American Classic.It is a timeless love story & no movie could ever do it justice. Everyone should read, but I think you have to be older to really appreciate it."
"I'm not an avid reader, but I absolutely adored Fitzgerald's 'The Great Gatsby'. The symbolism, time period, tragedy, question of mental conciousness, etc. kept me thinking about it for hours. I thought this book was extremely well written and perfect for any literature class."
I had read very few classics before readinf Fitzgerald's Graet Gatsby.  He portrays each character very well.  He gets his point across without boring the reader with every miniscule detail.  It is a masterpiece.  No wonder it  is number 3 on the Top 100 novels of the century!
This is an interesting story of  the rich  people who lived in the early 1900's.  People went to people's houses who had money and extravagant parties.  It seemed to me that money instead of true friendship was more important.  I enjoyed the story and it is a quick easy read.
Sad to say I have never read The Great Gatsby! With the movie coming out soon I decided to pick this up as my newest read to catch up with the rest of the World. The book arrived on time and in great condition! I look forward to reading this great book by F. Scott Fitzgerald.
"This American classic is a story about an aspiring man, Jay Gatsby, told from the perspective of his friend, Nick Carraway. This novel explores romantic life among New York's aristocracy during the 1920's. Fitzgerald has captured many readers' empathy in this fictional novel."
The book arrived on time and was as eexpected. The book was required reading by my daughters American Lit class. It has been read and annotated and analyzed...she found the book to be interesting and easy to read.
"I'm reading other works by F Scott Fitzgerald (keep putting them down, no interest) and they are out of perspective for what people would say or how they act.  Maybe it was different in the 1920's.  But I think he thought TOO MUCH about how society behaved during those days."
"This is another one of those American classics that you just have to read at some point. I would definitely place it in my top 100. Great story, interesting and complicated characters, and beautiful writing. At this price, you really don't have an excuse for not reading it."
"My first F. Scott Fitzgerald novel! Can't remember reading it in high school. An excellent writer. The book flows easily, and with the style of writing, draws you in to that period of time. Couldn't put it down!  Subsequently saw the movie, and it followed the book exactly."
I finally got around to reading this after my daughter read it as part of her class assignment. It was interesting to read this author's take on society and people's relationships in this decade. I would probably pick it up and read it again at some point to see what else I get from it.
"I finally finished The Great Gatsby all on my own. I read it in high school and didn't understand it much and now almost 15 years later I still don't understand much of it. But hey, I tried. I really wanted to read it so I could watch the new movie. Maybe that will help to enlighten me."
"delivery was soooooooo slow!I ordered this book as birthday gift to a friend. It took over 2 weeks from UK home. It missed my friend birthday.I was so upset about it.On the other hand, the book looks different than the one on website. it had different title page."
"I had to read this book in high school. Then, I couldn't relate to the human nature, relationships or turmoil in it. After reading it a second time, I was hooked. Although it can be a bit verbose, the book is brilliant and insightful. It's a beautiful story of love, life and resilience."
"Excellent writing style! The book exposes human nature and hints at its despicable motifs. It resonates well with most people's desire for riches and comfort, and the willingness to be fooled into believing a lie. Nothing ground shaking, but I love the eloquence and realism of the book."
"After watching both the Robert Redford and the Leonardo DiCapprio movie, I went back to the book for the real story. It was a joy to read again after thirty years. I don't think I appreciated the beauty of Fitzgerald's writing until now. By the way, I prefer the Redford/Farrow version!"
"While the story is great, I don't understand why it is so highly regarded. The writing lacks description and didn't capture me. The movie really brings the book to life. I usually never think the movie is better, but it follows the book so well, just with an added (and needed) pizazz."
Had it not been for the new movie coming out I probably would not have read this book.  I probably was assigned to read it in college but likely read the cliff notes instead.  Now I see why the book is regarded as a classic.  Superb narrative and observations.  Better late than never.
"Certainly one of the, if not the greatest piece of literature written by an American.  A love story full of meaning.  A fast reading book, Fitzgerald doesn't use unnecessary language like Hawthorne and Dickens.  Every line in the novel has its place and meaning.  Certainly brilliant!"
"Great read. I watched the movie and then decided to read the book. Both tie in well with each other. Lovely prose. A heart breaking story, it's a book to read a with a sense of forebdoing but you cant stop reading it. A piece of literay genius. Beautifully written. Well worth a read."
"i was a little bit surprise when i received the book, because i thought it was going to be very old and that it may have some default.i received it in perfect condition it was like a new onethank you.... the only thing was that the shipping was expensive and took too long to arrive."
"It is a nice book, easy to read and short. Probably that is way so man students read it for school. I did like it, but I don't understand why this book is so highly regarded. But I am not a professional critic, nor an expert in American literature, so do not think too much of my humble  opinion"
"The Great Gatsby is amazing writing and a quick read.  However, it somehow seems like there's not enough.  That Fitzgerald could have expanded plot lines more and more intricately woven the characters.Nevertheless, the writing is absolutely incredible in parts, and well recommended."
"I adore this book for so many reasons. It's short. It's flawlessly written. It's totally complete in itself. Some sentences take the reader away, and the pitch is set so you have no idea how dense the stuff is that  you're reading because it is so readable. THIS is how you write books  kiddies."
"As it was written in the vernacular of the time, it was a bit to 'slog' through. Had to re-read several parts several times to 'ferret' out where the story was headed. Made me aware of the evolution of the American language & idioms over the years. A 'modern'  translation would be interesting."
"My kid needed it for a class assignment; not wanting to pay anymore than we had to, we purchased this edition...and are more than satisfied. Great price and good quality paperback. No need to pay more for this classic.I hope this review helped. If it did, please click the yes button below."
"The Great Gatsby,in its entirety, kept my interest from start to finish. As the book carried on,we were able to get an in depth look at the ever-so mysterious life of Mr Jay Gatsby. This book garners a 5-star review from myself,and I look forward to reading more works from F. Scott Fitzgerald."
Being a former LI'er I can relate to the location.  His writing is so discriptive with awe inspiring wordsmithing.  I read this first while in high school many many years ago and enjoyed it again this last read.  I have started another of his works because I enjoyed his word composure so much.
"I originally read this book in high school, but I purchased this e-book to refresh my memory for the new Gatsby movie starring Leonardo DiCaprio coming out in the near future.  The only thing it refreshed about my memory is that it's an extremely boring book with syntax that is hard to follow."
"Hemingway is a great American writer but not a great American novelist,Fitzgerald is not the Great American Novelist but he wrote the Great American Novel.In The Great Gatsby he couldn't distinguish between innocence and social climbing.The Lost Generation, Americans of the greatest economic power in search of culture,went to Paris. Fitzgerald said the rich were different from us,yes,said Hemingway, they have more money. Fitzgerald had written about the lives of the rich, and now he remained associated with them.In 1922, F. Scott Fitzgerald announced his decision to write ""something new--something extraordinary and beautiful and simple and intricately patterned."" That extraordinary, beautiful, intricately patterned, and above all, simple novel became The Great Gatsby, arguably Fitzgerald's finest work and certainly the book for which he is best known. A portrait of the Jazz Age in all of its decadence and excess, Gatsby captured the spirit of the author's generation and earned itself a permanent place in American mythology. Self-made, self-invented millionaire Jay Gatsby embodies some of Fitzgerald's--and his country's--most abiding obsessions: money, ambition, greed, and the promise of new beginnings. ""Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgiastic future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that's no matter--tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther.... And one fine morning--"" Gatsby's rise to glory and eventual fall from grace becomes a kind of cautionary tale about the American Dream.Gatsby is a flawed hero in his devotion and the vitality of his illusion,his capacity for hope. Fitzgerald allows us to invest him with mystery through the narrator Nick Carroway.Gatsby's faithful to his love for Daisy and his idea he can win her.""Only Gatsby turned out alright in the end"",the only character operating according to a code.The Buchanans are the villains disappearing into their money.Nick returns to the mid-west.Fitzgerald was inspired by the sensuous poetry of Keats,so the novel works because of its brevity,the restrained extravagance of its style.He writes well about the romantic mind and the aspirations of the American Dream,his life a symbol of the Jazz Age. The Great Gatsby with great economy sums up an epoch.He utilises symbolism that he'd learned from Henry James,so there's talk of Old World and New World,Old Money and New Money,the `green light' of Gatsby's aspirations,'boats beating against the current'.The tone of elegy was from Eliot's Waste Land,the artist was the only contemporary link with an age of gold,with the artist suffering the violence of the modern world,coming out of service in the war.Poverty is described by the `valley of ashes' where the Wilsons live over the garage,a couple who figure largely in Gatsby's fate.The central idea is that we started from scratch and can start again from scratch in life.The prose glints with epigrammatic ease and splendour of language,so the reader's imagination lights up whole paragraphs.Beautiful descriptions of trains in Nick's youth,the weather,Gatsby's parties,the litany of lists,names.What the book sets up especially is the West vs.East theme of escape from history,the unspoiled past, the impeccable past of nostalgia, not a snowflake out of place. We look at it from the perspective of a remorseless East-ernising which appears to be synonymous with the movement of history itself.The story is told by Nick Carroway,a dealer in bonds,a humble neighbour of Gatsby.Gatsby thinks getting rich in the class-ridden world he lived in-will get him Daisy,but it's not enough.Money didn't buy class,there was a difference between old money and new money,but Gatsby can't tell the difference. Gatsby is a novel which flourished in economically depressed times through the 3 movie versions,one in 1949,one in 1976,and the Lurmann movie now.Carroway tells Gatsby ""You can't repeat the past"",to which Gatsby replies,""You can't repeat the past?Well of course you can"".We now have an ambivalence about class,status and luxury which Gatsby plugs into.We want to chase that green light of pleasure,a symbol for everything we want,yet we know how toxic that is:"" and so we are borne back ceaselessly into the past.."",we keep doing it again.Fitzgerald saw that day coming when money could buy you class,love,beauty.You can't ultimately reinvent yourself,you can't escape your past.The New World that the founding fathers came to couldn't escape the corruptions of the Old World.Fitzgerald attempts not to moralise, tries to imagine a virginal innocence of `a fresh green breast of a new world' to the early Dutch sailors' eyes,'its vanished trees'.There is nostalgia at the book's end:"" so we beat on,boats against the current,born back ceaselessly into the past.""The last few paragraphs show the rhetoric of American fiction in the face of its own emotions,in terms of the feelings of the American Dream. This explains why no movie can ever do this artwork any justice. Fitzgerald paints in each reader's head a vision of Jay Gatsby without any encumbering details,so the reader projects onto the prose who they think Gatsby is.Gatsby ""sprang from a Platonic conception of himself"",as its implied did America itself."
"Some say that Moby Dick or Huckleberry Finn is the Great American Novel, but Gatsby is my nominee.  I was so angry about how that vulgarian Baz  Luhrmann trashed it in his awful movie, that I reread it just to see exactly what Luhrmann got wrong.  In doing so I reminded myself what's wonderful about it."
"I had never actually read the book, just seen the first movie.  But, as often is the case, the book I thought was even better than the original movie and as good as the new one.  Fitzgerald's prose is spare, but so descriptive; it is really a pleasure to read the book.Don't miss this Classic tale!"
"This Fitzgerald book wasn't required reading in my school...I now have much more respect for my district! I found the book to be slow, particularly in the middle. I actually couldn't finish it. Instead, I netflixed the Mia Farrow/Ryan Oneal movie version-found the middle of the movie to be just as slow."
"The narrator, who depicts the world around him in a somewhat passive manner reminds me of people I know - and I love that even though he is passive, he seems quirky enough to actually be human, not just a sentry.The action is great, it's a short read. Get on with it, high-school students! ;)"
"Fitzgerald tells us little of the good side of man, but an inciteful picture into the dark side.  It must have truly been a time of life without a purpose. Poor NIck deserved his final trip into the heartland, away from life without meaning.  Can it be that life was really that different in middle U.S.?"
"Somehow I had completly missed the Great Gatsby. I never read the book in High School or College, so I decided to give it a shot. It is a classic for a reason. The characters and setting are timeless. The pacing of the novel is perfect right up to the conclusion. Check it out before the movie comes out."
"The Great Gatsby criticizes most of the major social trends that occurred during the 1920's.  Jay Gatsby is a ""slf-made"" man who gained his wealth by bootlegging, however he is very materialistic.  The Great Gatsby shows that material possessions will never equal the love two people can share."
"Attending Princeton, F. Scott Fitzgerald was one of the most gifted authors of the 20th century. The Great Gatsby is the American Bible. As the United States takes an even larger part in history, The Great Gatsby  becomes more and more important. It is one of the finest pieces of fiction  ever produced."
"Anticipated great things but really came off to me as very average.  I am no literary genius, but if this is ""one of the best in American literature"" I feel really let down and am not surprised that it may be difficult to engage high school students given this is apparently one of the most widely used."
"Sorry, couldn't resist the Rodney Dangerfield reference.  If you've never read this classic book, you should.  The rich imagery, the subtexts, even the period details are much more satisfying than 90% of what passes for 'great summer reading' these days.  Take this to the beach, you'll be much happier."
This book is one of the most lively short stories I've picked up. Fitzgerald did an excellent job of putting life into these characters and the setting they are placed in. It really gives the reader an idea on how New York living was like back in the early 1920's.
"The Great Gatsby is the best short novel of the twentieth-century.  Fitzgerald's portrayl of Jay Gatsby focuses on his own life in many aspects and that is what makes the book so real.  The book contains much complexity, reflecting the era of the roaring twenties."
"The Great Gatsby is a book that has a double meaning throughout the entire story and if one does not realize it, one would think it is just another book. The Great Gatsby is all about what Americans would go through in  order to reach the ""American Dream.""  Some of the reviews that  did not like the book were written because they did not understand the real  message Fitzgerald was trying to get across.  When Gatsby becomes rich  all of a sudden, the book implies he was selling liquor in the 1920's when  it was prohibited. Daisy is just intereseted in the money, just like  everyone, not caring where it came from. There are many implications in the  book but Fitzgerald always tries to say things moderately.  If someone  reads the book just on the ""surface,"" it is likely the person  will not understand the true meaning of the plot and just think it was a  story. In order to appreciate the book, one would have to go inside the  book to find why each word that is being written is an important component  of the story.  The Great Gatsby clarifies what the true ""American  Dream"" is and Fitzgerald puts it in a way no one can believe but is  true."
"I recently reread The Great Gatsby. I had read it in high school and decided to read it again before I saw the Leo DeCaprio movie.  I read it with different eyes being ""older and more experienced.""  Still a classic story.  Pretty easy read and good story."
"A must read classic!  This book paints a vibrant picture of a time and place in US history.  My daughter and I read it before we saw the Leonardo DiCaprio led movie version.  The movie did justice to the book, though obviously the book includes many more details."
"I like it. I had to read it for an English project, and I actually thoroughly enjoyed this novel! For me, it was a little confusing understanding what was happening when it was happening. The wording was strange as well. Other than that, it was such a great book!"
A little boring at the beginning but once you get past that and into the meat of the story it gets better. I prefer the non-movie related cover seeing as the movie if more of a throw back with a current day music soundtrack. I would recommend this book to others.
Read it forty years ago and thought it captured the shallowness of people. Now as an older person I appreciate the structure of the novel and I remember why I loved it then and still do today. Fitgerald captures the desperation and insecurities that drive us all.
"It's not a type of book I would normally read. It's got a good story line, but it's from a time I'm not familiar with. Except for the narrator, the characters are a bit weak. The story is not really about Daisy and Jay, but how they impact on the narrator's life."
"The novel seems boring in the first two chapters but after all is very interesting. The novel is about the main character, Gatsby chasing after his romantic dream with Daisy. If you like the novel, ""Great  Expectation"", I am sure you will like this one."
"Loved it in English I in 1982 (thanks, Mrs Kavanaugh, for going rogue and having our class read this book that wasn't a course selection) and I love it even more today. Such a rich, masterful read. No one gets as much bang for word choice and phrasing buck as Fitzgerald."
"I loved this book. I recommend that it is read, it was awesome. I'm a freshmen in highschool and I read this on my own time and I loved it. The word usuage is beautiful with the description, and the end leaves you feeling like you just wanna read more. It's a great book."
"I had read Gatsby years ago, and I'm glad I decided to reread it.  I had forgotten how beautiful Fitzgerald's writing is.  Unlike the flashiness of the recent film, the book conveys the characters, the setting, and the period simply through the use of exquisite language."
"I loved this book, mainly because it shows a part of US that is so aloof and uncaring, and not really apologizing for it. They are what they are, and they live their lives to the extreme, while the narrator moderates and tries to explain their actions. An excellent book."
"The book is just as good as I remember reading in the past. If you are purchasing this book because the movie is coming out, do not expect the movie to be as good as this book. If you are buying this book just to read it, I won't give anything away but it is a must read."
"The Great Gatsby was like the piano in a concerto.  It was a great story, but a little thin.  I didn’t really get to know the characters.  There was no inspirational take away line, no life’s lesson and no real educational value.  On the plus side, it was a quick read."
Truly an American Classic. I read the book as a result of the movie being remade and the book is just amazing - way better than the movie. I normally do legal or scientific reading and writing so this was a great book to reintroduce myself back to the world of fiction.
"Although the reputation of the novel precedes it, the book was a delightful surprise. Fitzgerold is a master of literary prose. The characters are vivid and the writing has a lyrical rhythm that is a delight to read. The literary stature of this novel is well deserved."
"After reading many other classics, i found this one to be surprisingly not boring!  This is one of the best books i have ever read.  The style of the piece is great.  The novel is concise and very straightforward.  I really  enjoyed it and i hope that you will try it."
"A very well written novel with lovable characters and addicting plot twist.  Easy to pick a side but may cause disputes between people and has a very unexpected ending. This book brought laughs, tears, and gut-wrenching suspense that you can only find out by reading."
i was delighted by the beauty of not only the writing but of the  sensational characters.  Fitzgerald is wonderful.  this is in the top two  books i have ever read and if someone not read it he is missing a beautiful  story and a large part of american literature
The Great Gatsby is a gift to a young man who is volunteering 2 1/2 hrs. a week to residents of our Retirement Community this summer to learn how to use the computer and other electronic devices.  This is required summer reading for his 10th grade English class.
"My classmates in the grade ahead of.me told me it was boring and dumb. So I took a look at it. I did like it. I feel like there should be a sequel because I'm left wanting more. My classmates were wrong. This book was amazing, even though it was not from my era."
"Wellllll....have to say it was not up to par as I thought it would be.  I never read it in school, so this was my first time.  It took a while for it to grasp my attention.  I finally was drawn in with about 5 chapters left.  I can check it off my list of reads."
"""The Great Gatsby"" is an amazing work of art. I t kept me reading until the very end, and even then I wished there was more! It tells a tale of sorrow, love, heartbreak, tradgedy, friendship, and hope. The kindle edition was all that I expected it to be."
"the underside of the American Dream laid bare by a master of modern prose. Daisy Buchanan, beautiful, utterly superficial, parisitical symbolizes the bankruptcy of the American Dream. Many came up after but no-one described the glaring, loud, cruel 1920s better."
A classic that has concured time. Start reading and you'll only let it go out of your hands if you turned the last page. You can actually feel the heat -as in warmth of the weather as well as the personal relationships between the characters- that is described!
"Can we all agree that this is the Great American Novel?It captures, perfectly, the spirit and sounds of the Twenties. Fitzgerald's characters are so well imagined that they take on a life of their own - so much so that turning the book into a film is well nigh impossible.  Even though it has been done a number of times, the casting is usually wrong, at least in part.We have such a vividly personal idea of whom Tom and Daisy, Nick and Jordan and yes, Gatsby are, that no one actor or actress can quite satisfy on the screen.  So too with the symbols, from the light at the end of the dock to the billowy room and those ever- watchful eyes...This book is worth keeping near by, and re-reading often.  Say, once a year.  It really is a modern marvel - and o so much more than a snapshot of its time.Fitzgerald got it so right in this novel that it remains his tragic fate that he never quite equaled his genius elsewhere.  Perhaps because the people are real people, aren't they?  We can, for instance, say that Nick and Gatsby are the two personas of F Scott and that Daisy is pretty much Zelda Sayre, and when we do, we will appreciate them more, not less.Read it for the romance, read it for the razzmatazz, read it for the historicity, read it for the tragedy, read it for fun and read it for consolation.  Gatsby really is Great.If you find this review helpful you might want to read some of my other reviews, including those on subjects ranging from biography to architecture, as well as religion and fiction."
A beautifully told story of longing and devotion and corruption.  The setting of the 1920's New York is practically a character itself helping to shape the believable characters Fitzgerald creates.  Truly tireless universal themes to be enjoyed again and again.
"I love to read and I read a lot of book but this book I had to read for a project in school it's a very good book at some parts I was a little confused but as soon as I 're read it, it made sense all in all a great book and a amazing story definitely a classic!"
The Great Gatsby was an excellent book.  Fitzgerald has a good style of writing.  The book keeps you interested with it's good story and has well developled and clearly defined characters.  It was a good example of life  in the twenties.  I would read it again if I had the time.
A friend of mine couldn't believe it when I told her that I'd never read The Great Gatsby.  After reading recently for the first time I agree with her.  The imagery that Fitzgerald uses is unforgettable and the story is  just mind-boggling. Another book that shouldn't be missed!
I will admit the first time i read it in high school I did not enjoy it. (probably because the teacher would expect you to read the whole book in 1-2 days) Now that I reread it at my own pace I really enjoyed it. Don't let it intimidate you. Its interesting and makes you think.
I had considered seeing the movie but decided on the book instead as I love reading.  Very interesting.  Relationships kind of weird but that makes for a good read.  The characters seem real and entertaining.  Would recommend to others.  Don't even want to see the movie now. KB
"A story of a love so powerful that it shaped a man, this story is a glittery representation of the roaring 20's and the carelessness of wealth.  The descriptions are marvelous - the characters a little ""thin"".  A quick read for anyone hoping to brush up on extravagance."
"Classic Roaring Twenties story, which (kinda) informs the culture we live with today--the ""celebrity"" rich trying to fit in with the proper bigwigs, and failing at it.Fitzgerald's style unfolds the story with rich prose, so it takes time to read. Totally worth it."
I haven't read this title since High School (10+ years) and with the new movie coming out I wanted to review what I had read so many years ago. It is a quick read worth the time to read and has great twists and turns to the plot line. Can't wait to see it on the big screen now!
"Big fan of the movie, reading the written word just makes this story come to light. F. Scott's writing brings depth to the characters and enhances all the elegance and decadence of the setting and entanglements within the characters. Especially enjoyed the depth of his ending."
"An enduring classic that captures the life and times of a now, bygone era.  Fitzgerald had his finger on the pulse of the super - rich and how they really do think differently about life and love and loss.  In the end Gatsby remains the enigma,  perhaps Fitzgerald's alter-ego."
"It's even better than I remembered. Perhaps because I didn't have to uncover all the brilliant symbolism and story-telling structure like we had to do in Lit class. This time it was getting to know the characters, their time, and the unfolding of the story! Still a great read."
Gatsby is a well-known story being made into a current movie.  I realized I had never read the book so I Kindled it.  I found myself filling in a lot of the story in my imagination because we never get a good insight into Daisy.  I hope to see the movie fill in the details.
"The order took a little longer than I thought it would to arrive, but I am impressed with the quality. The book looks practically new and is in very good shape, I guess because it came from a library lol. I haven't started reading it yet, but I already know I will enjoy it."
"I received this book in good quality, but it was not what I thought I ordered. It does not have the same cover picture as the advertisement and is only chapters 1-9, not the whole story. I had to buy another book in order to fulfill;l my assignments. I am very dissatisfied!"
"One of the greatest American Novels. I could go on like many people have, but no sense wasting space. It is one of those books where I wish I had a framed first edition just so I can hold my hands at original perfection. To those who don't get it or can't appreciate it....."
"This is American literature at its best! Sorry, no time to say anymore. But if you're thinking about reading it, DO IT NOW! Or buy it as a gift for someone who has not read it or for someone who has but doesn't own it! Anything! It's just one of my favorite books so buy it!"
"I picked this book for a book club, I had read it a long time ago in school but didn't appreciate it then as much as I do now. I know each time you read a book you find something different but this one proved to be a pleasant surprise. It is definitely worth a second read."
"This is the fifth or sixth time I've read this book.  Some parts of it are beautifullywritten, but I still don't understand the esteem in which so many hold this book.It's just my opinion, nothing more, but I don't really get this book as greatliterature."
"Well, obviously it's a great read  .  .  .  it's a classic.  But what surprised me was how I couldn't wait to get back to it .  .  .  how, each time I set the book down, the characters and atmosphere of the book were with me throughout the day, until I picked it up again."
"I don't know. I'd heard all about this ""fantastic"" epic of a novel, but actually found it dragging and disappointing. Now there's a film out about it, which I will deliberately choose to NOT go see. Charles Reap ""ReadAReap.Com."" Author on Aazon and Kindle."
"This is one of my favorite books of all time.  It is fascinating and well written.  I'm in high school, and I read it as a junior.  It was easy to understand, but I did not understand all the symbolism.  I recommend this  book to people of all ages.  It is a true classic."
"It's kind of hard to not find this author to be great, wonderful, etc.  I am amazed I have never read this book before.  Perhaps if I had read it 30 or 40 years ago I might not have been bored in places.  Should everyone read this - of course!  It's a classic."
Although it is about a time just shy of 100 years ago it is relevant today. I loved Fitzgerald's style of writing and his use of figurative language. It really is beautiful. I've already bought a collection of his works to read now that I've finished this gem!
"Our Book Group enjoyed revisiting this classic, remembering the times and the mannerismsthat were a part of that day for some levels of society. I was delighted to learn my teenagegrandson also loves it. Glad young people are reading classics, too."
"What a terrific book! Over the years, i had started it, but always wandered away. Finally, determined, i finished it.Funny and intriguing, but the language and descriptive writing was beautiful. And excellent story deserving of its Classic status."
"I love the way he sets the mood in various scenes through his description of objects.  I had seen the movie starring Robert Redford and Mia Farrow, and found myself wishing I had not.  The movie scenes kept interfering with the images taking shape in my mind."
"I have read all of Fitzgerald's St Paul stories, but had not read the novels before. This story reminded me of the almost eeriness of one of the stories also involving a crime figure in St Paul. Some what strange and moody, as I believe Fitzgerald's life was."
"The Great GatsbyI enjoyed re-reading this classic because it gave me a picture of the world my parents lived in while dating, and it is such a powerful comment about how people in every era have a number of different levels in their personalities."
"The Great Gatsby has become, deservedly so, one od the most widely read,  widely taught novels ever.  Fitzgerald's writing can be picked apart to  seemingly no end.  Indeed, one could truly read Gatsby dozens of times and  gain a new understanding each visit."
"What can you say about a classic which friends tell you they have just finished reading for the third or fourth time, of which they remember the details as if it were half an hour ago. It was a great read with an engaging narrator and fascinating characters."
The book was a glimpse into the shallow lives of partiers from a long time ago. I never read this book in high school like everyone else in the world seems to have. I thought it would never end. I may not be sophisticated enough to read this kind of classic!
"This book truly is a classic. Even though it may have a sad ending (hopefully not a spoiler), it is written very well. It alone makes the book worth reading, besides, it is not that long, took me about a week to read. Highly recommend this to anyone interested."
I wanted to read this before i saw the new film but didn't make it....I read this after and still hated Daisy.  How could she desert Gatsby?  He did everything for her.  Disappointed that she was in it for love like him.  I LOVED THIS BOOK!!!! Touched my heart.
"I know we all had to read it in high school, or if you haven't because you're not in High school yet, you will. It's a great book, great story and now that DiCaprio is Gatsby, maybe it will become a whole lot more popular. Did that happen with Romeo and Juliet?"
"I did not see the product since it went directly to the third party I indicated.  However, I do know that buying and paying for it was simple; shipping was incredibly fast; and the third party is very pleased to have the book.  She is pre-reading it for school."
I liked it but i guess i wasn't used to the language written in the story and it was a bit confusing throughout the story and left you having to reread over and over again. It was also a little slow but it still had a great story even though at times confusing.
"Of course, like everyone, I read this in high school and enjoyed the story. Revisiting it now, in my advanced years, I am enjoying the delicious writing even more than the story itself. What a master Fitzgerald was at turning a phrase without sounding precious."
Gatsby is perfect for the Kindle! It's a short book and a classic one at that. It's appropriately priced and such a wonderfully tragic tale of the Roaring 20s that I'd say everyone out to have it in their collection. Read it on a lazy summer Saturday afternoon.
"I got so much more reading this book as an adult having experienced life and love, then as a young, innocent, naive high school girl.  There is so much more depth of feelings and understanding of what all the characters experience.  I am so glad that reread it!"
"Fitzgerald captures Americas ""roaring twenties"" with great detail in this classic novel.  The story takes many twists and turns and keeps the reader in the dark about Gatsby.  I recommend this book to anyone  who wants to read an American masterpiece."
"While the book's story was somewhat predictable (as it uses an overplayed and tired theme), Fitzgerald's lyricism in description is astounding. If for no other reason, read this book to find out how well-constructed and  beautiful a literary description can be."
A tragically romantic story that takes some time adjusting too.  I honestly had no desire to read this until the newest movie came out. Now that I've read it... I can't wait to see both movies (Redford and DiCaprio) and see how each line up with the book!
"Although I read this in my younger days, I wanted to read it again and really got a lot more out of it this time. I wish, though, that Hollywood would stop trying to portraying this story on screen. It is one of those books that should just remain a book!"
"F. Scott Fitzgerald's THE GREAT GATSBY is the tale of an aloof narrator caught up in adultery and murder in a 1920s America flush with new money. The novel has been touted as a mirror of its age, a meditation on the loss of a basic humanity in the midst of economic prosperity, and even the summit of American prose writing in the 20th century.In fact, I must confess that I find THE GREAT GATSBY a sometimes tiresome soap opera that never manages to make that leap to great novel. The novel can be read to the end, and even often enjoyed. There's a decent bit of humour, and clearly some elements have been original enough to sink into the public consciousness. However, those elements that are so often referenced -- Gatsby's unrequited love, Nick's disgust with what he sees -- always sound more profound when detached from the actual text with its contrived turns, unrealistic dialogue and the occasional (and generally unsuccessful) try at poetic metaphor.All in all, THE GREAT GATSBY belongs in that list of books one must read to be an informed person, but for which one should steel oneself for the disappointment that may come."
"I'm not much of a critic, but I must say that there is a lot one can relate to in this book , either to Gatsby, Nick, Tom, or others.  It contains many acute observations of humans, and anyone teenage or older can certainly take something from this book."
"After having seen the 2 movies of the Great Gatsby,I felt compelled to read the book.The sentence structure of the book is outstanding. The new innovations introduced in the book are different. The character developement is also interesting. gardeningelm"
"I must admit that all the hype left me a little disappointed.  This is an entertaining book, but not the fantastically whimsical story I had been told it was. Perhaps life has just become over saturated with tales of broken hearts and the tragic results."
I recently watched the original movie and the remake version before reading the book... and it was awesome. I loved every minute of it! After watching the movies I had a very clear idea on the extravagant details of his home and life as I read the book.
"I read The Great Gatsby in highschool 27 years ago, and now my daughter is reading it in highschool.  I wanted to brush up on it with the movie being released in May.  I found it rewarding to read all over again.  Excellent literature from a world past."
"I read thus book and I loved it. Most of the ""classics"" I read are boring and drone on but by far this boo  saint boring. I thin  this book has something for everyone,LoveMysteryCrimeSuspense.All of it is in this book"
Decided to read book before seeing movie.  Can see why it has remained a standout of 20th century American literature.  Fitzgerald's language is very evocative and he manages to tell a marvelous story in a relatively short tome.  I recommend it highly.
"Like many educated in America, I first read this book years ago.  Reading it again today, I realized how much I have changed in those intervening years.  The book is a classic, worth the time.  And time has made it ever so much more interesting to me."
"I finally rad this book after hearing about it from so many people. It was definitely slow in the beginning, but it came through in the end. I think I might have liked it better if I hadn't heard so many talk about it because it was just entertaining."
"I wrote a leter yestirday praising my gratest book but it didn't get put up with the others. Meby its because my speling has never ben the best, but I must say I think that i wish I'd writen Catcher, but I still think Gatz is one of the gratest. ÐScot"
Paperback book as expected. Son using it to present prom tickets so will cut a slot in book and lay friends ticket inside. Not to worry she has several copies this was purchased as a momento. Pages are of a decent weight and cover is nicely detailed.
"I wanted to re-read this classic after seeing the movie. Not only was it as great as I remembered it as a teenager, it assured me that the movie followed the story line. F Scott Fitzgerald is a great American writer who captures the 20's brilliantly."
Reading this book in high school I did not fully understand how great of a novel this really is. Fitzgerald did a magnificent job in taking me into the jazz era and getting a taste of how mezmerizing and transforming the era was. One of my favorites.
"The Great Gadsby's twisted plot and iteresting charcters make a great book.  I loved the way gadsby makes plans through the narrater and the ""party"" ware the narrater is getting drunk with his friends in  their appartment.  It's a good book"
"This book made me rethink of what life really has to offer, made me think that I shouldn't focus on the past, but on the future itself! It was a sad ending, but it was a very nice novel to read! Anyone who likes a book that pulls you for excitement!"
"I absolutely loved this book. I couldn't put it down. All that scandal made it so interesting. I couldn't wait to see what would happen when everything unraveled. It was a little sad, but comforting also, in the end. I thoroughly enjoyed it, though."
"I thought it would be a good idea to re-read ""Gatsby"" before going to see the new film.  I must say I was a bit disappointed on re-reading it.  However it is still a well-written book, and paints a credible picture of the ""jazz age""."
"I guess Missed out on reading this in high school.  I think I read Crime and Punishment instead.  Saw the movie and like it, so I thought I'd go back and read the book.  I was surprised that the movie followed the book so closely, almost word for word."
"I am not a huge fan of F. Scott Fitzgerald, however, this book is timeless. I think it would be especially poignant to read during the high school years of raging hormones when what other people think of you is the most important. There and DUI school."
"It was a movie trailer for DiCaprio's film coming out soon that reminded me I need to read this book again. I read the book in high school but had not read it again, despite it leaving a deep impression on me. It is a classic story written beautifully."
"All I can say is, WOW.  I was simply amazed by the way he described even the rain coming down in sheets.  He captured a generation, a feeling, a need, a way of life- he captured America, he captured Americana.  All this, in how many pages?  Again- WOW."
"Yes, it is still the classic it always was.  It can be read on so many levels, for entertainment, for social reference to the time in America's history, for the nature of human beings, for sheer pleasure.  It is a great addition to the movie versions!"
I didn't read this is school so when the movie came out I decided to read the book first. I love to read... but did not like the book.  The narrative  tone. I couldn't even finish it and it's a short story.  Saw the movie I's much better than the book
Watched the movie after many years and had to go back to read the book again. This was required reading in my daughter's school and mine many years ago. It is great to have an experience to share with my child. See we are not that different after all.
I wanted to re-read this book before seeing the movie. I was again astounded at the brilliant writing. I was also glad to see that the movie followed the book so well. Everyone should read this book. F. Scott Fitzgerald is one of our greatest authors.
"I liked the book, but I am not sure what makes it stand out as one of the best of all time. Anything done in this book by today's standards would be deemed creepy, elitist, and over embellished. Perhaps that is the point. Either way, it is a good read"
The book is the exact one I was looking for but it is not the one in the picture. It has a girl on the front of it and is small with little print. It is the right book though so I have no complaints. It was shipped quickly and I got it without hassle.
Finally read this classic. Truthfully I had no prior knowledge of the story.  Set in the late teens  the pace setting and demeanor of the characters makes this story come to life.  Add to that Fitzgerald 's skillful coloration and you have a winner.
"I love this book so much, my brother and I actually agree that this is a great book. I love being able to have it with me at all times on my Kindle!Downloaded fast and easy! Great book, great author, great site and well the great gatsby!"
"""The Great Gatsby"" is a great work that really captures the era of the ""Roaring 20's."" Gatsby had everything one could want, but all these materialistic things were worthless without the love of Daisy, who's love he strives for.X"
"It just was not my kind of story. I didn't care for the way the characters' lives were such wastes. Maybe that was the idea behind the story, just how selfish and self satisfying people can be. It had a sad ending and I just don't like sad endings."
"I am now positive that I cheated on the book report that I had to do for this book in high school. I had no idea how well written and how ""American"" this book is, until now. It short and sweet. One of the better books that I have ever read."
"Fitzgerald looks into the hearts of his characters with such accuracy that you actually taste their pain when their glass shells are smashed.  By the same token, you may never look at yourself in the same way again.  An easy read, but a worthy one."
Beautifully written but shallow.
"One of the classics.  It's an easy read that can be accomplished in 3-4 hours of reading.I can't really say anything that hasn't already been said about this wonderful book.  Everyone should have this on their ""must read"" list."
"okay, I guess there's a deep message but a lot of ridiculous description for very little ""punch"". It reminds me of these talented singers with bore us with their vocal gymnastics when it would be preferable it they just sang the damn song."
"It's a classic. I love anything Fitzgerald writes, his style is absolutely beautiful and this whole book is a great look at the 20s. Highly reccomend it, and if you're going into summer, try out Tender is The Night, also by him. Great summer read."
"Absolutely stunning plot, amazing characters, great novelI wanted to read this a long time ago and finally did. I'm happy this book will be required by my school next year. It teaches that love never fails and not everybody is what they seem"
"Loved it! Tragic and beautiful all in one. It has a great fairy tale aura throughout that makes it all seem magical and impossible, yet easy to relate to. I read the book but it was a long time ago so I do not remember how similar it actually was."
"I just started reading it again.  It had been close to 20 years since I first picked it up and I couldn't get through it at the time.  This time I'm understanding it better so I'm hoping to finish reading it, but so far, it is keeping my interest."
A glimpse into the life of the well off people of the Jazz age. A sad story of an unrequited love. The Great Gatsby is an amazing book that all should read at some point in their lives. Nick Carraway will always be one of my favorite storytellers.
Hadn't read this in years and enjoyed it more this time around than last.  His writing is gorgeous and the story is truly a classic.  Loved that the current movie out was true to the book.  Fitzgerald certainly had a gift for language.Enjoy!
"I never did finish reading this in high school, despite the fact that it was assigned. As an adult I look back on some of my naive decisions and am taking steps to correct some of them. I am glad that I went back and finished reading this classic."
I thought this book was fun to read. Following the characters throughout the book was a challenge and Fitzgerald did such a good job of mixing all of their lives together into one.  The author does a fine job of  unravelling it all out in the end.
"As an English major, I read this novel many years ago. I can't remember how I enjoyed it the first time, but it was just OK this time. We read it for my book club, and it got mixed reviews. I read so much--found myself just wanting it to be over."
"Loved the twist and turns of the plot, which kept me captivated! Although some may think this book is out dated, I think of it as a classic story. Reading this as an adult for pleasure, sure beats reading it as a high school student for a report."
This edition of the classic text had some nice historical photographs pertaining to the author appended to the text.The audio book link was broken and no longer was available.A few typographical errors were noted throughout the text.
"I have to read this book in school and actually loved it then and twenty-five years later, I still love it and re-read it periodically.  The movie actually did this book justice which is highly unusual.  I recommend this as reading for everyone!"
I have read this book before but at this time of my life I really appreciated how well it was written.  It is a loss that F. Scott Fitzgerald died at such a young age.  With another movie adaptation  coming out soon I recommend this book highly.
"The book arrived in a timely manner and was in great shape. I appreciate the prompt service. As for the book itself, I had to read it for my book club and am not so sure I would recommend it to anyone to read, but I like the service you provide."
"The Great Gatsby was selected as the classic for our reading group. I last read this book in high school. Rereading it as an adult, brought a different perspective of the characters and a better understanding of deception, morality and longing."
"Although ""the Great Gatsby is considered the definitive work on the roaring twenties in this country, the real joy of the book is in the descriptive turn of phrase he uses to describe the characters, the places and the events that happened."
"I saw the movie a few years ago, wanted to compare with the book.Then I watched the DVD it is full of suspense.I seem to a special interest in the Twenties, and this fills the bill.I recommend it as a mystery full of surprise."
"If you look beyond how well-written The Great Gatsby is (the poetic prose, the good pacing and wonderful use of metaphorical language, etc.) The Great Gatsby is little more than a formula you can easily find on an average television soap opera where dysfunctional rich people do desperate and self-destructive things in the name of love one after another.The narrator (Nick) relates the romance of Daisy Buchannan (a married woman, by the way) and Jay Gatsby--two shallow, pathetic people and the tragedies that befall them. Fitzergerald treates their doomed love as if we as the readers are supposed to feel sorry for them (Oh, he couldn't help it. He just didn't find the right girl in his life. Oh pity the poor woman, she just didn't find the right guy in her life.) although it's often difficult to feel any sympathy for an adulterous couple when they live in lavish mansions and don't seem to possess ANY redeeming qualities whatsoever.I know to give praise where praise is due. Fitzgerald's style is very eloquent and well paced. What he fails to do, though (for me at least) is to draw an emotional connection to the reader. I felt no emotional connection, whatsoever. Who wants to read all the conversations between Daisy and her husband Tom/lover Jay? Who cares what they say and do? They were all unlikeable characters who cheated on each other and we never get the impression that they have ANY feelings of GUILT or REMORSE about it. Who wants to read about a bunch of lousy people doing truly lousy things?I had no use for Nick either. He was just a brainless fool who followed the elite like sheep following the herd just so he could 'belong.' The ending made me sick. Big whoop. He's not going to marry his girlfriend Jordan. He packs up and moves away. Nothing too dramatic about that.No, I'm not an insensitive young whippersnapper who hates books and only reads them when assigned in college. I read books for ENJOYMENT. It baffles me that The Great Gatsby is widely considered the greatest American novel. I can think of many other works of literature written by Americans that are far more inspiring than The Great Gatsby and are more than worthy to be included in the top five--The Scarlet Letter, To Kill a Mockingbird and Uncle Tom's Cabin. What makes The Scarlet Letter special is how Hester and Arthur strove to expidate their sin--how Hester was always taking care of the poor and sick and how Arthur found the courage to go up to the podium at the end and take on his deserved public shame. What makes To Kill a Mockingbird special is how Atticus Finch knew beforehand that he WASN'T going to win the trial because he was defending a black man before a jury steeped in racism--but he stood up for what he sincerely believed was the truth. He met them in battle nonetheless. What makes Uncle Tom's Cabin special is the strength of character Tom showed--how he always put others before himself and stayed joyful in all circumstances good or bad.When there are so many wonderful, uplifting, life-changing American books that leave you feeling awed and inspired, that the professional literary critics point to this dreary, empty soap opera and call it the greatest defies the senses. Does a book have to make you feel happy to be good? Absolutely not. A tragedy with REDEEMING VALUES can certaintly be good. This just leaves you dry and empty.The only reason I can think of as to why The Great Gatsby is still considered so great is that most people go along like sheep following the herd, hoping the elite will look on them in favor because they understand the 'genius' of this 'classic.' I say stop being so blinded by peer pressure and actually judge a book for what it really is."
"This novel is one of my favorite piece of literature. It is the hallmark of all writers to write as good as this.  As a struggling writer, I often reread this great work of literature to show me once again what the best of the best looks like."
Very grown up book. It has a lot of vocabulary that would be too much for a little kid like maybe in first grade. But very grown up for teenagers and parents. There are different versions of the book which make it hard to get the one you want.
"This is a smaller edition but all the story as written by Scott Fitzgerald will be found between its covers. For such a classic, I would have preferred a larger format. But the story is all absorbing and certainly deserving of all its acclaim."
"This is the best book ever. I remember reading it in literature in high school & enjoying it. So before the movie came out I bought this book for my hubby to read, and he loved it. We still haven't seen the movie, but the book is fantastic! (:"
"I was aware of this book, but had never read it until now.  The book arrived in beautiful condition, and quite promptly.  Am still reading, but am struck by the beauty of Fitzgerald's writing, even as he describes such empty, tortured lives..."
"I read the Great Gatsby about a year before the new movie Gatsby came out. I loved the book, and was intrigued by the decadence of the rich people living in New York at the time. The book accurately portrayed the shallowness of the characters."
This is a great story! I read it for my college English class a few years ago but had a hard time understanding it but then went and saw the new movie and decided to reread it. I now enjoyed it very much! I definitely recommend it to everyone!
If you've ever read the grapes of wrath and enjoyed it you will enjoy this novel much in the same way. It will often make you ponder about real life situations and the American dream as it alludes to it. Truly one of the great American novels.
I first read this book forty years ago.  This is the third time that I have read it and each time I discover something that I hadn't noticed before.  F. Scott Fitzgerald was one of the great writers. Much of the storyline is thought provoking.
"I wanted to re read this book before seeing the upcoming Baz Luhrmann film.  I loved the book just as much as I did the first time all those years ago, but couldn't help picturing Gatsby as Robert Redford.  Will I  be find Leonardo believable?"
Quite possibly the best American novel ever written. FSF captures the pure essence of the jazz era. Much like Mark Twain did for his time with Huck Finn. I feel that Gatsby's story is timeless and most easily identified with than Huck's story.
This book in my opinion is a very romantic tale about two people split apart. The  details are outstanding yet kind of repetitive. I recomend this book to advanced readers because of very hard vocabulary. And don't mind if  you cry in the end.
I had never read it before.  It is a book that grows on you as read along.  The novel tells you a lot about American society during the 1920's and what the author portrays makes the coming great depression both understandable and unavoidable.
Great writing about fascinating people in interesting times and interesting places.  Good use of Nick as the narrator/character with a social connection important to the story. Fitzgerald's description of East and West Egg bring them to life.
The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald is my favorite book. It is hard to put down once you begin to read. Just like all of Fitzgeralds books it tells a story that stay in your mind forever. The movie is good but doesn't compare to the book
"I truly enjoyed The Great Gatsby! It had been years since I first read it, so in many ways it was like reading it for the first time.  I avoided the movie because I wanted to re-read the book first. Now I'm ready for the screen adaptation..."
"I recently saw both the classic and remade versions of the movie and bought the audio book after because I enjoyed the movie. The book always has more details than the movie, I was just as captivated by the audio book as I was with the film."
"Of course this book is fabulous.  There is a plethora of reasons why it has passed the test of time with flying colors.  This is a book to read over and over, finding a new treasure each time.  That, to me, is the test of a truly great book."
"I re-read this book, because of the movie coming out.  I had originally read it in high school.  I am glad I read it again before the movie came out.  I love F. Scott Fitzgerald.  I am going to back to reading more of the ""classics""."
"I bought this after the movie was released. Many have called Gatsby the best American novel of the century. It's a simple story about rise and fall of the romantic hero, Mr.Gatsby. I think this is a brilliant novel and I highly recommend it."
"I enjoyed The Great Gatsby as I enjoyed all of Fitzgerald's work, however, I think This Side of Paradise and The Beautiful and the Dammed are his best work. The latter two novels do a much better job of transporting the reader to the 1920's."
"When I read it for the first time, I could not grasp its essential which is what the real love is all about. It was only after few years later that I understood why this book is classified as such a great book that attracts  so many readers."
"Just yes. Everybody read Gatsby but don't listen to everything people tell you about it. There's more than one plausible interpretation, and you don't have to agree with what everyone tells you. It can be a love story if you want it to be."
Superb writing about hedonism joined by quirky characters in a quirky plot makes for great social history and a fun read.I wonder wether the depth and subtlety of this story could blend into a convincing movie? A magnificent work of art.
Classic novel.  First time to re-read this since school days.  I failed to see the new movie in theatres so I'm excited to see how Leo protrays Gatsby.  I constantly thought of the beautiful Robert Redford as I swiftly turned the pages.
"40 years ago, I know I was too naïve to appreciate this book.  I am so happy I reread this now.  It will be fun to compare the written word to the movie images as the layers of the mystery of who the Great Gatsby really is are revealed."
"This book is my favorite out of all the books I have read, it is interesting right from the start, and it is just an amazing story. I recommend it completely, and also the new movie is pretty good too! it captivates the book completely."
I wish I were reading this for a class instead of for pleasure. There are many parallels between then and current individuals of the same class that I would have enjoyed discussing with others. Fitzgerald definitely had an axe to grind.
"Took me forever to get around to reading this one, and it turns out ""The Great Gatsby"" is really not at all about the character named Gatsby. Going into the book with that  in mind may make the second half a lot less confusing."
"I hadn't read this book in nearly fifteen years, and had a hard time grasping characters. Distraction could have  played a roll, but once I caught on I remembered the story and thought it was fun, with a twist at the end. A great read!"
"The Story of the great gatsby is very good. It's a short book, so you fast readers out there will have it done in a short while. It's definitely one of my favorite older books, but it seems a little stale to me compared to newer books."
"The experience of getting this book into my computer was excellent. Of course, I cannot review the book here, ad I have not yet completed reading it. I thank Amazon for making such famous books freely  available to interested readers."
"The Great Gatsby will always be known as a classic. Possibly the best part of this book is that as you reread it every few years, it changes as you do. This is also a wonderful book to travel with as it's a major conversation starter."
"...of one love drives you high...and destroys you to leave you all alone, Gatsby is this story of a rising star that fades much too quickly....at least for me....I wanted more of him, more for him....i couldn't believe it when i put the book away....that it was over."
"I was sort of familiar with the story, but I had never read it.  I was not expecting it to be so depressing.  At the end I just felt sad.  Just in case another reader is expecting this book to be a bright, glittery tale of wealth and true love- be warned.  It is not."
Loving this classic story but why is the text in light grey. Makes it very hard to read. Chapter 1 was in light grey and I went to TOC and skipped pictures which fixed it. But in chapter 2 I cannot get the text to be black. Fix this issue and I'd give you five stars.
"I had to get this book for AP Lit. And this book was an awesome read with a surprising twist. It arrived in a timely fashion (within a couple days) and in great condition, no tears or anything :) I would recommend this book for everybody and the movie was good too !"
"Now that we have read in the newspapers of the largest gap in income between the top 10% and the rest of the populace  since the 1920s, this book becomes increasingly relevant. Beautifully written and crafted, Fitzgerald captures the poignancy of the American dream."
I read in a frequently interrupted and highly distracting environment...the ponderous and descriptive character devilopment in the book was not absorbing enough to help keep my attention. Will get back to it to finish leter...it is certainly a fine piece of writing.
"I never read this in school but wanted to read it before I saw the movie.  I would say as far as a story goes it is just ok.  His ability to make you feel like you are there in story is superior.  What a great to to be an elite, drinking, cheating and woman beating!"
I liked the authors writing style. Fitzgerald was stationed at Camp Taylor in Louisville at the same time my Father was in the Army and i can also identify with the Louisville neighborhood where Daisy lived.I liked the book better than the movie.Bos Todd
I love stories where you get a sneak peek inside someones personal life and have the opportunity to see what really drives them!  This was not dissappointing.  Interesting peek at how truly fickle we can be and how one's seemingly self serving actions affect others.
"I've re-read the Great Gatsby...was just as in awe of it the second time around. However, it was easier to perceive the not happy ending, although I was once again hoping for it. Loved it...again! Timeless, still a must read; if you've  missed it, it's not too late."
No movie has ever done this book justice.  Read it once straight through for the entertainment value; then get a study guide to go with it and read it again.  You'll never pass a faded billboard again without thinking of this book.
"Book is okay.  It is required reading in many schools where the point of the story is expounded, which is good because probably many would not understand that it is really a comparison between the filthy rich and those not so rich."
"I read this book years ago but must have sold my copy, so I wanted to reread it with the movie coming out.  Te story is classic and timeless.  Loved it.  I also love that Amazon does not charge an arm and a leg for paperback books."
"A wonderful story, well worth reading as a tale of its times.  Not really the greatest American novel, but among the greatest of second quality.  And far better than the movie, which is all glitzy surface and semi-audible whispers."
How can you go wrong with The Great Gatsby!  I read this book in high school when I was only the country for 2 years. So I decided to reread it again. It's a perfect summer read. And I like much more than the first time reading it.
"Great Gatsby is a great american novel that explores the life during the roaring twenties and the flaws in the american dream. The is a reason this book is required reading in most high schools, it should be read by every american"
"Though I have seen both movie versions of the novel, I found the book much more revealing as far as character and plot. Fitzgerald  left me wondering further about the characters beyond the pages of the novel as if they were real."
"Made for higher level thinkers! Once you get passed all the words you don't know it is a very thrilling book! You're always on the seat of your chair! Creates great questions to ask other , and your self! Everyone should read it !"
"This is an important and readable book that is often mentioned in discussions of ""the great American novel."" In my opinion, however, it falls short of that high ideal, which is not to say that it is not well worth reading."
"Yes, the story is a bit depressing, as is most literature from the roaring 20's. But Fitzgerald is a true wordsmith! Beautiful writing and a tale that makes you reflect on human nature and the price of getting everything you want."
"Hey, I stayed on my North Dakota Farm until I was 35, joined the Peace Corps and met my wife of now 28 years 8924 miles away.  Just like Gatsby: Distances the son of a North Dakota farmer will go for the love of a beautiful woman."
Beautiful prose with a compelling story line. Vividly drawn characters who come alive and transform though out the book. It is a complex study of the times and of the nature of the people who inhabited the world of the privileged.
Fitzgerald did a great job with the novel. Bruccoli made it better. This version is helpful in understanding the tremendous symbolism of the book. There is so much to learn from this book.I would recommend this version to  anyone.
"One of the five great books that I consider ""The Great American Novel"". The other four are Lonesome Dove, An American Tragedy, Gone with the Wind, The Grapes of Wrath. A close contender is ""To Kill a Mockingbird""."
"Love, tears, wealth, beauty, and the green light. Hypocrisy, and lust in the early 1920's. What a beautiful era where the writer's words were chosen carefully such as a poet chooses his words to entrance and captivate the reader."
"This is truly a classic. I have read it three times and it never gets old. Starts out very slowly, but the end is worth holding out for. I had to reread the end because I had a ""wait, did that really just happen?"" moment."
"Fitzgerald provides an experience that you don't need to be a literary fanatic to enjoy. The laughs and imagery are vivid and you don't need to take a class to gain from it. There is much to ponder but makes a fast, fun read too."
"I never had to read this novel in middle or high school, like many usually do. With the recent release of another movie for if, I decided if was time to read it. It was a great, easy read. I enjoyed reading this American classic."
"I reread this book* from my high-school assignments as an adult and finally truly understood the complex relationships in the story. A pleasure to revisit, you won't regret it.*Warning: Book may not be available in 3-D IMAX"
"Another book I Was not so sure I was enjoying until we learned to read it through different theories. It is amazing how many of those can be applied to this book. Perhaps that is why it is a classic, something for everyone in it."
"I never would have read it. Always heard about it but I am not a classic reader. However, if time permits, I prefer to read the book before watching the movie and this is one movie I want to see... glad I read it. Not at all what I was expecting, especially for the time it was written in."
"I remember reading this Book forty years ago in high school.  I did not appreciate what this author was writing when I was seventeen.  Now, at ther age of sixty I loved it.F. Scott Fitzgerald is a great author.  Really enjoyed reading it again.  Now, the movie is out .  Excited to see it."
FSF failed to put the visions of the shallow lifestyle into my imagery. The lack of descriptive words did not develop the characters. The distance of Nick continued on the distance he gave to connecting the story. A classic I always meant to read turned out to be The Great Disappointment.
"This was my first time ever hearing about it. I had to read this for my English class. At first I was turned off by the author's contents about Black people but because I had to read it, i did, and realize how great this author actually is. This is an excellent book to read, even for fun."
"This is a great classis to reread quickly if you've read it years ago.  It's very short - which I had forgotten.  Because of that, the price should definitely be lower for Kindle.  I would recommend getting it at the library or buying a used copy from a book sale or half-price book store."
"Fitzgerald does an incredible job creating a multifaceted love story. Many people's dream of reliving the past is reflected in Gatsby, while Nick gives us an unbiased view of the ordeal. Fitzgeralds style is captivating and rich, moving forward at a good pace and ending the book VERY well"
"This book is a classic. I read it in high school and now, some forty years later, have read it again. I should have read it many times in between. The story is more than just a story. It is a tragedy, a drama, a mystery and poetry all in one binding. I intend to reread this book annually."
"I would suggest any reader interested in this book, to do a little research on why it is an american classic before reading it. It will become far more enjoyable. It is a book loaded with symbolism but, at least in my personal opinion, leaves the reader hoping for a more thrilling story."
Not quite finished with this book but it is well written and quite readable.  Have enjoyed it and consider it a classic.  I am on a mission to read more of the classic books and just recently re-read Gone with the Wind.All of my books are now on the Kindle reader from Amazon.
"This is one of the few novels I have read that move me not only by the plot and characters, but by the words themselves that the authors wrote.  I find it amazing that even months after I read it for the first time there are still parts from the book that I remember almost word for word."
"I first read this book about 25 years ago, it was great then and still great now. The excesses of the 20's have greater resonance now than they did in the 1980's. Back then the lives portrayed seemed fantastical but it seems that history has just repeated itself, exuberance followed by bust."
"I just finished my third read through of The Great Gatsby, and each time has deepened my understanding and appreciation of the hidden themes, symbols, and connections that permeate the novel. It is truly a great piece of literature, and I am still excited at the prospect of reading it again."
"The book is fine..however all the underlining and highlighting makes it kind of untidy..understandable as a student used it. Also, after purchasing the book..I saw it for less than $8 in Borders in paperback, also. I had to pay $7.40? plus $7 something for postage. Postage is a killer !  LHK"
"This was a short and fast read.  While some elements do not apply to our current day and age, there is enough relevance to keep the story interesting.  As someone who does not typically read classic books, this kept my interest because the characters are well developed and they pull you in."
Def need to wra your head around the lang issues. We do not speak 1920s today lol.Great read with so many twists it has spawned 2 movies!Saw the new movie after my book club read this & it was wonderrful!Perfect mix of todays music & a classic liove story gone wrong!
The Great Gatsby is a wonderfully written book that keeps the reader attentive at all times.  This is actually the second time that I have read the book and I was still caught up in the story just like if it had been my  first time reading it!  I certainly recommend it the book to everyone.
"Truly, I know this is a American novel. This book to me, got boring really  fast. The book didn't describe all of the characters enough, and I feel  that if a book wants to be a good one, it should describe the characters.  Anyways, like I said, I only read it because it was assigned to me."
"This was the first unabridged book I have listened to.  The narrator was  Frank Muller and it got me hooked on audiobooks. It was so breathtaking to  hear the beautiful prose being spoken by such a talented narrator.  Yesterday, I bought the book and can't wait until I ""read"" it."
"After all the hype surrounding this book and the recent movie adaptation, I gave it a try. There wasn't a single character I was actually interested in, and the plot line and characters were underdeveloped for my taste. This may have been all the rage in its day, but today it left me cold."
"If this is considered F. Scott Fitzgerald's greatest works, I'm glad I didn't read any of the others. Apparently I missed something.  Guess that's why I'm not a literary critic.  Hollywood had to do a lot of embellishing (AGAIN) to put this on the screen and catch the audience's attention."
"Wonderful book. I've recently been reading all the books I didn't read in high school, but should have. I'm glad I waited. Ok wouldn't have appreciated this book in high school, but now, as a woman, I found it to be so satisfying"
Throughout the book you long to discover the mysteries behind Gatsby's origin. Once they start to coming together one finds themselves sympathizing with Gatsby's struggle for identity originally for himself and then for his love.
"Splendidly drafted, the words carefully chosen to portray one of the most defining times of American history. Descriptive and a piece of english literature that will teach you the power of a good story with an excellent narrative"
"First off, this is a great book. One of my all time favorites. I couldn't find this in the local stores so I was super excited to find it here, quality was great, price was great, and it got here earlier than expected. Wonderful."
"The Great Gatsby is just the best read of the century. Well thought out plotting, complex characters who are intensity ingrained into the readers mind, emotions that clutch at your heart, and a writing style that is unsurpassed."
"It was a reread for me.  We had to read it in school.  But, I had no interest in it then.  I am finding rereading the classics is so much more enjoyable now than when it was mandatory reading years ago.  I thoroughly enjoyed it."
"read it as a kid, saw all the hype about the film and decided to re read it. loved it. great descriptions and brought the era alive for me. not seen the film. not sure i will as i like my image of what fitzgerald was getting at."
There is something haunting and mesmerising about this story. It stays with you well after you've finished reading it.  The characters are beautifully drawn. The ideas in it provoke much thought and conversation. Worth a reread!
"This novel has been made into eight moves.  Some were much better than others, but Fitzgerald wrote this novel only once, and it is well worth your time to read it.  They don't call it the ""Roaring Twenties"" for nothing."
"Unable to locate my old copy of Gatsby, but wanting to reread it before seeing the movie, I ordered a copy from you.  Gatsby does not disappoint as Fitzgerald's best-known work and the new cover accurately reflects the jazz age."
"My Grandson picked this book to read for one of his college courses, and he loved it! It's a wonderful story. I have not read the entire book yet but the movie is out now, and I am determined to finish it before I see the movie."
"I'm not going to pretend to tell everybody that they need to read this. It's not for everyone. But the feel of this book is unique, and is worth a read. You'll either enjoy it, or dislike it. As for me, I thoroughly enjoyed it."
"I never had to read this in high school like many others but I found my way to this gem at the beginning of my 30s.  Certainly a classic. Fitzgerald is thematically brilliant. Gripping, brilliant, and heartbreaking all at once."
"I can't believe students were made to read this in high school.  Thank goodness I never was.  I was a bored, but towards the end it started getting exciting.  Then, all of a sudden, it was over.  Hopefully the movie the better."
This is the second time i read this book and i fell more in love with it! The story is pretty addictive. Constantly leaving me wanting to read more and more. Absolutely amazing story. Highly recommend this book to every reader.
"I had read this book back in high school, but decided to refresh my memory of it, as the new movie comes to theaters in May. It's a quick, easy read, and a great story,but not necessarily a happy read if you're looking for one."
"After about a million name drops, Facebook reading tests and dopey confusion with Marsden's the Great Gatenby, I finally read Gatsby over a Saturday afternoon.Mixed reactions. Certainly set in an unusual time for the setting of a novel - the jazz age apparently - the time after the Great War, but before the Great Depression. It's odd for an author to focus on a time not automatically associated with great strife and suffering.Or so I thought. What struck me most about Gatsby was Fitzgerald's portrayal of opulence was filled with this desperate hopelessness and lack of morality, a theme which carried right up to the end of the novel.I'm no great literature connoisseur, however to me the balance of Gatsby was a little rushed. Almost everything about the setting and the characters of the novel were well set up. Our narrator Nick's earnest disposition, his friend Tom's darkness and Gatsby's mad optimism. However when the action truly started in felt like it was all over in a second.Nonetheless, I will say the Great Gatsby has a unique flavour to it, quite unlike anything you will read today, and in a market where literature seems to mean languishing for endless pages over every detail, a novel where we as readers are thrown about in sudden events makes for pretty compelling reading."
"Certainly worth a reread - no matter how long ago you read it the first time.  Haven't seen the new movie but watched the classic with Robert Redford, Mia Farron and Sam Watterson - well worth it.  Read and watched in tandeum."
I love this book and it is more profound than the movie.  The theme of the book is how we are all striving towards unobtainable goals based on past memories and ideas.  The movie is about a guy who thinks with his little head.
"The Great Gatsby is definitely one of F. Scott Fitzgerald's best works.  Jay Gatsby, the mysterious millionaire is one of my favorite characters of all time.  They call them ""classics"" for a reason, and this is definitely one."
"This is certainly one of the finest American novels there is, as pertinent today as it was when it arrived, if not moreso. It is a haunting portrait of the quest for love in a world of meaningless glitz, beautifully  rendered."
"I purchased this for my 92 year old mom. It was large print but the book itself was large and thin and paper back. She found it awkward. Of course, no complaint about the content, we knew what  that was ahead of the purchase."
"The movie grabbed me more and pulled me in.  I find myself thinking about the movie while i'm reading the book more than I usually do.  I am usually always more into the book than the movie, but this movie was very well done."
"The style of this book is fresh and satirical.I found myself laughing out loud at diction always being the extreme value of every feeling, pleasure has to be ecstatic, not just exciting. I am going to read it again right now."
I understand the point was to speak about people just being people and the tragedies we allow our lives to become. I still did not like the book. I did not even much care for the man through whom's eyes we absorb all of this.
"I feel the need to give this book a positive review because I cannot do the same for the movie. The book was great, like my expectations of the film, however, unlike the film, Fitgerald doesn't let me down and break my heart."
I hadn't read this novel since high school and had forgotten how intense the story line was. It was a good refresher before heading off to see the film adaptation. One of those stories that gives one serious food for thought.
"Hardly any reason to review this one- it's a classic. Even if you don't care for it, there is no denying that it is one of the most beautifully written books that exist in English record. If you haven't read it, fix yourself!"
This novel starts out slow.  The middle painted a vivid picture.  Endings are very important to me and greatly affect my overall opinion of a book.  This was not my type of ending but is in fact a much more realistic outcome.
"I saw the movie previews the other day and I wanted to read the book before watching it in theaters. I finished this book in 5 hours and couldn't put it down. It was interesting, but not exactly sure what unfolded at the end."
"At the instigation of an Amazon friend, I am about to read a noted novel of the Jazz Age, ""Manhattan Transfer"", by John Dos Passos.  Before doing so, however, I decided to re-read what is commonly regarded as THE novel of the Jazz Age, THE GREAT GATSBY, which not too long ago I had proposed to another Amazon friend as one of the ten best American novels.  I did so based on having read it in high school and then, over the years, having from time to time heard it nominated as ""The Great American Novel"".Well, upon re-reading it, I now would dispute it as THE great American novel and I no longer would propose it as one of the ten best.  For one thing, it is somewhat superficial.  For another, it does not really hang together.  For a third, its characters tend towards the one-dimensional.  (But then, its author was only 29 when he wrote it.)  But, despite its flaws, THE GREAT GATSBY is powerful.  There is something mythical about it.  And it is a distinctively American myth - about mammon and materialism; dreams and desires; craving and crassness.  And it ends in operatic tragedy.  So even if it is NOT one of the ten best American novels, it IS quite possibly one of the ten best novels ABOUT America - perhaps not America as many of us would like to envision it, but America nonetheless."
"I loved this book it really made good use of time, I don't want to even start with how many bad books that I have read in the past but this one was a true winner compared to all the other ebooks that I have read in the past."
"I felt like I was thrown back into the 1920s.  I loved the character development, the imagery, the story.  It really was a love tragedy and each character was both lovable and deplorable at the same time.  Excellent writing."
Good story but a bit dated.  At the time it was published I can see where is would have been well received.  The view of the rich and poor as well as the struggle between good and evil seems out of date about 90 years later.
The book is a classic for a reason! Fitzgerald really made you want to attend one of Gatsbys parties with the way he described everything.Felt sorry for Gatsbys in the end but all that glitters isn't always gold.
A book that everyone should read. It is one of the contenders for the Great American Novel. I have read this book about three times. It is one of the best experiences that you can have reading. I love this book. It is great.
"A great look back to a time where individuals took for granted a lot of the struggles of life by either sweeping the under the rug or pretending ridding exist. Good introspective look on love, materialism, and relationships."
"Gatsby is a great American novel that explores life during the roaring twenties and the flaws in the American Dream. There is a reason this book is required reading in most high schools, it should be read by every American."
"Fitzgerald's writing is brilliant, his narrative engaging, and his dialog stands the test of time.Unfortunately, so do many of the books themes on what it is to be human.Second best book I ever read."
"I had not read this novel since the 60's, but there-read was a work of love and discovery of great detail and under currents I was too dense to appreciate as a teen.  What a story, told in a haunting look over the shoulder."
I know this is supposed to be a literary block buster but I just could not get that interested in it. when I put it down was not in to much of a hurry to get back to it. Maybe I should try reading it again.  RDS
"I think this is a good book but yet, a little confusing and hard to understand.  I sort of understood it but I didn't for the most part.  But I think this would have been a grrrreat book only if I had understood it  better."
"This is one of the most frustrating books I have ever read. It definitely has the underlying Lost Generation ideals that Fitzgerald believed in. The story line is really good though, but the end of the story is depressing."
"Loved it in high school. Loved it now. A true masterpiece. Ageless. Timeless. A story that resonates now more than ever, in this era of annonimity and individualism and opportunism. The writers of the past are untouchable."
"I finished this book in about 3 hours. The Kindle version was great. The story was short and sweet, with a very topical message about the party life. Won't stop me from participating in extracurriculars every now and then."
"To me, The Great Gatsby belongs on a list of novels that show what you can do with language if you really know what you're doing. There is hardly a word out of place in this slender, event-packed, beautifully tragic novel."
"after reading this as an adult, I really wonder why it was required reading in high school.  back then I had no conception of the complexities of relationships.  as an adult, this is a wondrous book.  Not so in high school"
"This book is the early work if a genius who died too young after wasting his talent. I have read Gatsby three times now over the years and have enjoyed each reading more than the last . If you admire great writing, buy it."
"This novel has stood the test of time for a reason. Although some of the language and references are a little dated, the themes remain contemporary. It s a very complex multilayered love story. Suitable for my 12 year old."
"Fitzgerald writes book like and artist paints a canvas.  Everytime you look at a peice of Art, you find something new.  Everytime you read The Great Gastby, you find something new.  Fitzgerald was a genius!Paul"
"Although this is a classic and I like the story and plot, and I love the themes and ideas in this book, I just don't ever feel all that empathetic or close to any of the characters… I  wonder why. Do others feel this way?"
"A heart-tugging story of tragedy and romance. How one man's dream goes unfulfilled, as he longingly continues to reach for the green light. Fitzgerald's take on hope and obsession combined is all-too real and provocative."
"Although Gatsby is a novel of its time and place, and therefore somewhat tone-deaf when compared to more modern sensibilities, there is no question that the writing and storytelling make it worth reading and appreciating."
"I'd read it many, MANY, years ago.  On rereading I find it still a great novel but I doubt whether I will read it a third (or fourth) time as I have some of Jane Austen's greatest novels.  Still, required reading for all."
"May I throw a pebble into the pool? The Great Gatsby is widely regarded as a great novel and has been widely acclaimed as such, but having read through it twice I cannot agree. I am merely a well read person and lay no claims as to literary erudition but this book did not live up to my expectations. I found the writing very adjectival with constant use of metaphors, some of which seemed trite and effeminate. In addition the story moves at a slow pace, particularly in the first half of the book where there is much description and virtually no action. Obviously Fitzgerald depicts the period of the early twenties with prohibition allowing quick acquisition of wealth, but the fact that Gatsby returned from military service penniless and alone makes his construction of such a huge fortune in a few years seem unbelievable, even in that era. Gatsby is the least believable character in this whole novel. For much of the time he is a shadowy figure moping around in his infatuation with a woman he was parted from for five years. His behaviour verges on that of a love-sick teenager rather than a war hero. Of course the book depicts the decadence of the wealthy during that period superbly and at times the prose is beautifully descriptive, but the ""Great American Novel"" ???"
"Fitzgerald portrays through this book the life of the wealthy during the 1920s. Gatsby fell in love with Daisy, a wealthy young woman, when he was placed at Louisiana as a soldier. However, due to his poorness, he let Daisy go. Gatsby does not give up on her and becomes rich through the job of bootlegging. Knowing that Daisy lives at East Egg, Gatsby moves to West Egg where he can watch her without suspicion. However, Daisy is married to a wealthy guy named Tom Buchanon. Still, Gatsby holds party every Saturday, hoping someday Daisy will come to the party and realize Gatsby's wealth. He gets the chance when Nick, the narrator of the story, moves next door to him. Nick is the cousin of Daisy. By acquainting Nick and doing favors to him, Gatsby is able to meet Daisy through Nick. Daisy, impressed by Gatsby's success, falls in love with him again. However, as Tom finds out about this affair, a dilemma occurs. Fitzgerald illustrates through this book that while people seek wealth as the only route to gaining one's desires, wealth ironically destroys the portals to happiness. The plot of the book is easy to follow, and Fitzgerald effectively portrays the corrupt side of 1920s, when the Unites States was prospering and everything seemed to be perfect."
"When I was ""forced"" to read this book in high school, I didn't enjoy it much.  I thought it was all one big soap opera, and I found the characters rather shallow and unappealing.Boy was I wrong!  I recently re-read this book again, and I loved it.  The characters are so incredibly appealing.  Their emotions and interactions are vivid, intense, real and captivating.  I fail to understand why, when I was younger, I wasn't swept off my feet by Fitzgerald's wonderful language, which captures his characters with such clarity and lyrical grace.  This book is alive.  It's such a joy to read a living book.When I was younger, I didn't ""get"" this book, but now I do.  I think, in part, when I was younger, I couldn't relate to the characters.  I suspect I found their emotions rather soap-opera-esq and bland because I didn't adequately understand them.  The closest emotions I had seen or understood appeared in soap operas and lousy, lovey-dovey movies.But, in fact, Fitzgerald's characters are so much more fascinating and real than that.  His language - the details of his descriptions - make that clear.  Now, I can absolutely relate to Nick, Gatsby et al.  While I haven't had their experiences, I can empathize or, at least, sympathize.A wonderful book."
This book was good I had to read it for a summer reading project and I think I read the book 2 and a half times because it was interesting. I would recommend this book for any 11th grader and 10th graders that are mature
"Fantastic book that I purchased for a class but I had always wanted to read it anyway, and now I'm kicking myself that I didn't earlier. The actual writing is great and reading the story puts any screen adaption to shame"
"Fitzgerald writes so beautifully.  Rereading the book makes you appreciate its simplicity, wistfulness, the themes and even humour at times.  Should never been filmed for the screen, as not possible to capture the magic."
I am currently reading The Great Gatsby for my English class.  I have found the beginning of the book a bit difficult to read because it jumps around.  But I must say I'm intrigued and cannot wait to finish the book.
"This is a wonderful book that describes a love story set in the 1920's.  Gatsby was a man that seemed to always get what he wanted, and he wanted a married woman.  Sad ending, but most love stories have to end sadly."
I did enjoy the read and found the movie followed the story line of the book. But the movie was able to portray the complex issues of that era more clearly than the book. A great story of excesses and human frailty.
"What a great book. I had read this book long ago as a mandatory assignment in high school, but I did not appreciate it as much as this second time around. This book is definitely a classic and I highly recommend it."
"When I read ""The Great Gatsby"" a few years ago I confess that I didn't really care for it very much.  This summer I gave it another chance, and I'm glad that I did because it has given me a whole new perspective on the classic novel.  Reading it as an eighteen-year old, I was annoyed by how the book seems to be a frivolous glimpse into the foibles of frivolous characters living in the fashionable society of 1920s New York.  Reading it as a twenty-five year old, however, made me catch on to what those seemingly frivolous characters are meant to represent and how their fates seem to make a bleak statement about the future of the American dream, and of society in general.  Other reviews have delved into Gatsby's themes pretty well, so I will spare you from yet another interpretation; what I will implore readers to do is this: for those of you who have disliked Gatsby in the past, give it another chance and look closer this time.  You might be surprised by what you see.  For those of you who are going to be reading Gatsby for the first time, soak it in - don't just give this book a distracted look-through at the beach.  If you don't you may find yourself in the former group a few years down the road.  I sure did.Grade: A"
"After seeing a couple of different movie versions of the story, and now having read the original novel, I have to admit, I just don't get it.  What is all the fuss about?  Why is this story supposed to be so great?"
"This series of novels is perfectly collected. It is not only the name of the series but also my recommendation, every man should have a copy and this book. They couldn't ask for a more beautiful copy than this one."
I wanted to reread it prior to seeing the Baz Luhrman movie which turned out to really enhance my enjoyment of the movie and make me understand how cinematic the original was.  It was a nice combination experience.
This was entertaining and enjoyable.  I had read the book many years ago and wanted a refresher so picked it up to read on a long flight.  Had forgotten so many little details.  I am ready to see the new movie now!
I enjoyed the peek into the past. Especially the decadent 1920's. I wanted to read this book prior to seeing the Baz Luhrman production of The Great Gatsby. Enjoyed the movie very much...it stayed true to the book.
I thought I was getting the one I saw on a picture but when I received it it had a different cover. I know I shouldn't judge a book by its cover but this one had NOW A MAJOR MOTION PICTURE printed on it. Not happy!
"I finished this book during biology and have nothing negative to say about it. It had great symbolism, plot, and all the necessary elements to be considered a classic example of modernism. I disagree with the person who said that teenagers cannot appreciate classics. It is true that some of us are immature, but that cannot be said for all. The Great Gatsby is one of the best books I have read this year, along with The Scarlet Letter. I would recommend this book to anyone who can understand the language."
"This was a great story about six or seven really messed up people whose lives' get thrown together.  Inevitably, the story ends in tragedy.  Really, the story centers around the main character's dream to find a relationship.  This dream ended in adultery and murder.  The character, Nick, from which the story is told from in the first person, gives this conclusion,""His dream must have seemed so close that he could hardly fail to grasp it.  He did not know that it was already behind him....Gatsby believed in the (dream), the orgiastic future that year by year recedes before us.  It eluded us then but that's no matter- tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther....So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.""In a sense, the story is a dark account of humanity's failure to achieve happiness in pleasure, relationships and money.  In trying to achieve these things, mankind ruins lives.  In the end, we find that the wealthy, popular Gatsby only has three people at his funeral.  While the number of people at a funeral is not a marker of success or happiness in life, it does show that attempts at popularity, wealth and power does not add up to much in the end."
"The book itself is not like modern novels. If you enjoy elegant language and twisted tales of romance, this is the book for you. I'm not being critical, just letting you know this is an older styled elegant novel."
"I really enjoyed reading this book. Take your time and enjoy the history while you are reading don't rush. I don't think I would have enjoyed this book as much if I was forced to read it, pleasure read if you can."
"I didn't get a chance to read this book like most of my peers back in high school but I watched the 1974 film and decided to get the book before the remake comes out in May 2013. I'm glad I did, I love this book!!"
"I decided to read this in preparation for the movie, and I have to say it was great. The style of the novel took some time getting used to, but the story itself is captivating.  I definitely recommend you read if."
"The story in this one is very longing. It is beautiful to see the love between the characters bloom, but then tragic to see what becomes of it. It was definitely a slower read for me, but the content is worth it."
"I loved the movie and I love the book!  And I love the original cover!This is the right size book for me.  None of that ""War and Peace"" stuff.  I can get great literature in a nice little package :)"
The Great Gatsby was an excellent book! The imagery was amazing! I felt transported to a different time and place...where excess...opulence...and abandon were always in vogue.  A page turner from start to finish!
"The plot was somewhat predictable, but the writing was beautiful.  It was like looking at a painting of a familiar scene, but done with such technique that it's beauty touches your heart.  I certainly would recommend it."
This book is $ .99 at Barnes & Noble.com. Thanks for fleecing the populace just because they're making a movie with Leonardo Di Caprio. I should have bought a Nook!
I was intrigued and horrified at this book. The book was beautifully written about a strata of society that I'm not a member of not want to belong to be. I'm reading all the books that I have never had the time to read.
"Am immortal work of fiction, F. Scott's Fitzgerald's ""the Great Gatsby"" continues  to impress today as it did for decades. I enjoyed reading it, and, as I did earlier, I am going to teach it again to my classes."
"The Great Gatsby is a good book because it's short. I'm an avid reader and do enjoy the story, but I am glad it's short because it's not interesting enough to be any longer. I'd highly recommend this as a vacation book!"
"Gatsby is a wonderful character, extremely interesting, and the end is just so heart breaking! I read it to have a feel of how the movie would be, and I'm just crazy excited for the movie now! The book was so brilliant!"
"Received book does NOT have the same cover picture or ISBN # that I ordered. This is school required reading material and I hope that when they cover the material, all pages aline for classroom reading and assignments."
F.scott Fitzgerald..I was not able to put this book down..I was supposed to read this in high school. 1956..and did not even try to get er done. Southey say. But I read this right thru. And could not put it down..2013.
Re-reading it after many years and enjoying it. It is a sad fantasy of people with loose morals and too much money! The writing by F. Scott Fitzgerald is brilliant. Too bad he didn't get credit for it in his life tiem.
"I never read this in school and decided to read it before seeing the Baz Luhrmann film.  It is a very quick read and simple enough plot for anyone to follow.  It is good, but not my favorite ""American classic."""
I had to read this novel for junior english in high school and it was my favorite book! It was easy to understand and the action moved along nicely and the love stories were everything expected from the roaring 20's....read this book!! It's a well deserving classic!
"The cover is not the same as in the picture and I was not sure if the pages would correspond to the one in the picture, as it is for a high school course that could affect the reader in following with the rest of the class.  I was expecting the exact book pictured."
"Clearly Nicki Greenberg is a perceptive and devoted fan of the classic book, but her comic book representation of the characters is in a class all by itself. As one reviewer mentions, it was evocative of the originality of Shaun Tan's books and similarly enjoyable."
"A great critique on American culture and wealth. As important today as it was in 1920. The last line in the book is one of my favorite quotes:""So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.""Beautiful."
F. Scott Fitzgerald has a unique style.The decade of the roaring twenties adds interest to the novel.I read this book years after viewing the Robert Redford and Mia Farrow film.Their script followed the book fairly well so it was easy to imagine the story's events.
"Highly recommended!!  Most students of good literature will want to read it again. Fitzgerald's use of words and descriptive abilities are, is short amazing. The plot line envelopes the reader, page after page, to its justifiable end. This is truly his Magnus Opus!"
"Loved the story of course. However, I received a copy that was originally a paperback and was turned into a hardcover. It had the movie cover instead of the classic book cover. So I suppose it may not be exactly what you expect, but it's the same story regardless."
I have read it before but each time a new level of Fitzgerald's writing comes to me. This is one of so mant author's and works that need to be passed on! I adore Kindle and the ease of obtaining what I want anytime and in seconds. My iPad library loves Kindle too.
"I wanted to read the book prior to seeing the latest 2013 movie version but did not get to finish it prior to seeing the movie. I was glad that I did go back and finished the book, as the end of the movie was vague, and the book made clear what the movie left out."
What can you say about a novel that has withstood the test of time. F. Scott Fitzgerald has a very unique writing style.  The story line is slow yet is meant to be analyzed for it's theme and social views more than as a book that grabs the reader for the suspense.
"With only money to make an impression, F. Scott Fitzgerald told of making choices during that era that could be made by those of great wealth of mysterious origin.  Lifestyle of those with wealth indicates their choices were not always smart, nor realistic."
I read this in high school but didn't get that much out of it.  Reading it now I found the story lines more interesting.  The idea of the characters all trying to have something or someone they couldn't and the lives destroyed in the process was well told.
"This rarely happens, but the remake of the Great Gatsby was actually better for me than the book.  The book seemed sort of simple and shallow, but the emotion in the movie showed me the truer picture.  Didn't see the original movie, but this one was great."
Fitzgerald wrote a masterpiece. I loved the book and would recommend it to everyone. The never-ending change of Gatsby's personality and lifestyle portrayed by his actions keep the reader wanting more. The melancholy of it all is amazing to read and enjoy.
"Definitely a great book. The first time I read it was years ago, but the second time around the book really caught my attention. The social dynamics and beautifully crafted imagery allows the reader to be fully enagaged and swept away into the time-period."
"The book wasn't the best I've ever read, but I did enjoy F. Scott Fitzgerald's style of writting.  It's the subtility and symbolisim that make this book a worthwhile read.  Though, I felt it was slow and prodding  at points, which may turn some people off."
"I first read The Great Gatsby while in high school. I thought it was wonderful at the time, but I didn't appreciate it as much as I did now that I've read it for the second time. The story of Jay Gatsby and Daisy Buchanan enthralled me from beginning to end. Written during the Jazz Age, which is also the story's backdrop, F. Scott Fitzgerald tells the tragic and decadent love story of an impoverished officer who seeks wealth in an attempt to woo Daisy. He also happens to want to obtain a respectable place in society. However, Gatsby's attempts to obtain both Daisy and richness beyond his wildest dreams backfire and he soon falls from grace in a poignant conclusion that brought tears to my eyes.Someone once asked me if I wanted to be like Jay Gatsby -- if I wanted to aspire to things beyond my means and want someone who will never be within my reach. And that is the reason why this novel touched me so much. It spoke to me. Gatsby is one of the most compelling characters ever written. And the love story is quite a sad one, but I think that that's what makes it memorable and special to me. And the fact that the story is narrated by a third character -- Nick Callaway -- makes the reader appreciate both sides of the coin, though Callaway is quite vocal about his own observations and prejudices. F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote a true American classic. I have read it twice and will no doubt reread it at some stage in the future. I cannot recommend this American classic enough."
"i am sure that when put into the context of the era in which this novel was written, published and released, it seemed like a very edgy story. but, when read in today's world, the story line seems somewhat common place. fitzgerald does weave a good story."
"I did not expect this book to be what it is. I do not think I understand this book in it's entirety. It is definitely a masterpiece, but it is hard to say what is so special about it. It definitely not for everybody. Worth reading before seeing the movie."
"It's as smart and poignant as anything you'll read!  Yes , it involves a great deal of waiting a second-or you'll go bonkers-and thinking about what he is really saying (you'll enjoy the process thou).  I recommend this one highly to anyone breathing air!"
I'm the kind of person who likes t have a paper copy rather than an ibook or etext so this purchase worked out for me. It came just in time because we started reading this book as a class a day after its arrival.
Just finished reading this for the second time (the first since I was forced to in high school). Great characters and classic insights that are as relevant today as they were when Fitzgerald first wrote the book.
fast shipping. thanksi kept hearing people asking me if my name is from the movieso i had to read it to know who this daisy is.it was quite a suspense. I enjoyed it. Looking forward to the movie
"F. Scott Fitzgerald maybe the greatest American author of all time. In my opinion, his control of the English language is absolutely unrivaled. Easily one of my favorite authors, easily one of my favorite books."
"New sections jumped out at me like it was the first time I read it. As I look around at today's world, it seems there are just as many searching for life's meaning as did numerous members of the lost generation."
This book is a classic.  I enjoyed the story but found the characters unrelateable.  It is very wordy and I had to reread paragraphs in order to catch the meaning of what was written.  Storyline was good though.
"After I had seen the movie it was great to read the book. It has rich, beautiful language.  I  finally got the whole picture. I have read it before, but now it's a different story. Deep meaning in a short story."
Another of the golden oldies.I found that this one was quite slow in places and also that the storyline to be pretty average.Worth a read on a rainy afternoon though if you have nothing else planned.
"I had read this book years ago and my memory of reading it then was of a story. This time around I am relishing and delighting in every sentence, every description. The richness of the book is simply delightful."
"It was exactly what I expected.  I am certainly proud of my choice.  There are some pencil markings in it.  However, they serve to illuminate the story further than I would have ventured to go at alone.  Thanks!"
"i love this book. it captures the 20s through a love story, yet the romance is not overpowering. i love the imagery and descriptions. i love the characters, even the ones i hate. very well written in my opinion"
"This was only my second e-book purchase; the first was a ""Grey"" book for my wife. I have enjoyed the ease of reading the book and particularly appreciate the definition lookup feature of my Kindle Fire."
I saw the movie and really like it and decided to buy the book. It is unusual but the movie follows the book very closely. If you've seen the movie you've read the book. Still it was a good read that I enjoyed.
"I re-read this so we could go see the 'current' movie and I must say what a master Gatsby is, this book resonated even more in my 30s so I would recommend a re-read to anyone who did not connect in high-school!"
"Really enjoyed this book. A very good picture of the times, I thought. Characters were all real and believable.The writing was excellent, on a few occasions he went over the top, but mostly very readable."
Reading again--the first time I've re-read the book since high school English class--I find the themes and metaphors to be quite relevant tonight present society. That must be the true mark of timeless fiction.
"This book is simply fantastic. Fitzgerald did a great job with themes in this book, or at least the themes of the hollow american dream and the qualities of the upper class citizens just struck a cord withe me."
"The book is in very good condition and there's no page missing, no dirt, no any unhappiness: ) The book itself is such a masterpiece. Add it to your must-read list and you will never regret. Strongly recommend."
"I enjoyed this book the entire time I read it.  The storyline is great.  The depiction of the wealthy class with their ""old"" and new""  money was fascinating.  Read this book, it won't disappoint."
"I was disappointed that the book did not have the traditional cover as shown, but it was delivered quickly, and every book was in excellent condition. The cover my books had is a flapper on a black background."
"Well written.  Interesting.  Poignant.  Timeless.  Romantic.  Stylish.  Pristine Etiquette and Grammar.  A lesson in how to be, act and live.  I've read no less than 5 times and I'm sure I'll read it again..."
"I did not have to read this book in high school, and just got around to reading it 6 years later. I have always heard great things, and I was not disappointed. It has some great lessons to be told through it."
"Can't believe that I hadn't read this sooner.  I loved Fitzgerald's style of writing and felt I was actually there, experiencing the over-the-top parties and the era.  Guess it is time to read more classics!"
Great Gatsby was a great book. Though you might have to re-read a bit when you do actually understand the book it's amazing. I loved this book and I can't wait to watch the new movie. 5 out of 5 stars for me
"I read this a long time ago in college, but chose to reread it because of the movie coming out.  When I was done, I just started over and read it again to catch all of the delicacies this novel has to offer."
"Very descriptive and captivating.  Amazingly detailed without being difficult to understand.  I know most people were required to read it in high school, but I wasn't so I picked it up and really enjoyed it."
I last read this book in college and wanted to refresh my memory before seeing the recent movie.  Loved it the first time I read it and haven't changed my opinion.  F. Scott Fitzgerald was an awesome writer.
Love the book! Received in the allotted time. I was surprised at the size of the book. It's the size of my hand and the print was pretty small (had to break out the reading glasses) but overall good quality.
This is a second read for me. I was too young to truly understand and enjoy  such a work of art. It's a breath of fresh air amongst the sea of adolescent level literature. This should be a must read for all!
"This was the first book I read all the way through in High school, althought thanks to my sketchy memory, I didn't remember the ending...So it was fantastic getting to relive high school, if only in my head."
"Just bought it so I could ready it again. One of my favorite books, everyone needs to ready this as some point in life. Possibly at different points to as you see the story much differently from our kid years."
Reliable and you get what your asking for great condition of the book(s).By the way it's a great book to read it's love and insanity all in one.Don't watch the movies until after you read it!
"This read more like a short story. It was lackluster in content and story line. I didn't see the movie, but I'm sure they had to really stretch the plot to get a whole movie out of it. It was most unmemorable."
This book is highly overrated! I was so excited to read this book with all of the hype I have been hearing. I was very disappointed!!! I did not enjoy anything about this book. I was happy to get to the end!!!
The subject matter left me untouched; I had a hard time feeling for these people.  The overall point is a good one.  Again the book was written in a time of excellent grammar and vocabulary and I enjoyed that.
"I read this in HS at some point, but didn't remember it very well, other than it was set in LI and I live on LI, so I decided to re-read it.  It's well written and a good enough story, but not my taste really."
I wanted to read this before I see the movie.  I generally end up seeing movies at home.  I only rush to see a movie if reviewers I can't stand really dislike and pan a movie.  Then I know it will be a winner.
"This is my third time reading the Great Gatsby, and it never gets old. Read it to be prepared for seeing the movie. If want to start reading the classics of American literature, this is good one to start with."
"Smiles, tears, and more in the classic work of F. Scott Fitzgerald...apparently I need to give you more info...bring the 20's to life through the eyes of the wealthy in a time of parties, booze, and lost love."
"This is a great book with a beautiful cover. Thanks to amazon I have the whole collection now. If you have never read any of Fitzgerald's works, I highly suggest starting with this or some of his short stories"
"I did not want to read this book at all, but once I started I didn't want to stop. I'm glad my teacher assigned this because I would never have picked it out for myself. I plan I reading it again over break!"
"I decided to finally re-read The Great Gatsby since I only read the cliff notes edition back in high school :)  Great story, really transplants you right in the thick of things - 1920's New York City glamor."
"Every time I reread this incredible book, it's an incredible experience. If you have not read this great literary work, do yourself a favor and do so. If you have, indulge yourself by rereading this classic."
"Scott Fitzgerald has been showered with praise and celebrated as one of the great authors of the century, and deservedly so. His language is remarkable because he uses quite an extensive vocabulary with the utmost precision, and is able to create vivid characters with a few succint phrases, a few strokes of the artist's brush. However, there are two things that strike me as odd in this novel: the ""prologue"", that is, the first few paragraphs, which must have been written after the rest of the novel had been completed. This is a strange and ambiguous opening, and I am not sure that it is very good. And secondly the ending itself, because closure is brought about by introducing an accident (Daisy running over Tom's mistress). Somehow this is not satisfactory, at least not to me, because it avoids a final confrontation between the characters. Here Fitzgerald may as well have sent down a bolt of lightning to kill someone! People's fates in literature should be decided by themselves or by some other character, not by something beyond anyone's control. Why? Because that negates that character is fate and action; in fact, EVERYTHING in a novel should stem from character."
This novel is widely considered a classic.  I am sad to say that reason was completely lost on me.  I found it to be a fair story with the tendency to digress from the primary story with no apparent reason.
"This classic is worth another look for memorable puzzling characters, immense tragedy, a reminder of time past which has some similarity to today:  wealth, parties, mansions, powerful people, and arrogance."
"It's The Great Gatsby, what more can I say! One of the great American novels and a compelling account of the lavish and superficial lifestyle of a by-gone era. Love, wealth, murder and Art Deco - I love it!"
"To start with, it's a classic.  A complete and total picture of life in the twenties.  Fitzgerald was a master in painting a picture of everyone and everything.  Even the recent movie dipicted it perfectly."
I read this back in high school and retread it again.  I still so not understand how this is a classic.  The material/subject matter/story was boring and the language wasn't anything great.  Just not a fan!
This is a classic that is short and easy to read. F. Scott Fitzgerald's writing is verbose and descriptive making the pages come alive. Not to mention the story isnt as expected. Must read before the movie!
"Excellent story, truly a classic. With the new version of the film having recently come out I am sure that popularity for this novel has risen, so to anyone who is curious this is a great (and quick) read."
"I had no idea this is a love story but was pleasatly surprised to see that it is.  Every romantic should read it although most people are more into the ""getting rich""  idea, he did it all for love."
The Great Gatsby is one of my favorite books of all time.  Fitzgerald is a word master. He says more in one sentence than most do in pages.  His characters are alive and powerful.  I read it over and over.
"A story of the 'Haves' and 'Have-Nots' and how they relate to each other. A story of star crossed love, missed chances and bad choices. Considered by most to be one of the greatest novels to which I agree."
"I would recommend this book to people who enjoy reading and are advanced readers. It takes a while to get used to the writing style of F. Scott Fitzgerald but other than that, this classic is well done! :)"
Gatsby's love for Daisy was unmeasurable.  His strive to achieve wealth in order to have her approval was fascinating.  Gatsby never gave up the hope of realizing his dream of being with his one true love.
"I read this book in high school, and I loved the prose. Fitzgerald paints really amazing pictures with his words.However, this book was much more powerful when I read it again as an adult. For me, the theme of the book was that you can't escape your past, and you have to be careful what you wish for in your future. It really drives home the point that you can't depend on other people for your happiness. You just don't know when one of those solid people that you trust turns out to be one of the shallow people instead.This book is a tragedy, and it seems more powerful than the Greek tragedies I've read. In Greek tragedy, so much of what happens seems to happen as a whim of the gods and there is nothing anyone can do to escape their fate. Fate takes control for Gatsby, but he doesn't have the gods to blame. It makes it a much more tragic story.I strongly recommend reading this book, even if (or maybe especially if) you've read it before. It's a much more powerful book to read once you've been in the position to have lost some of your dreams, to see the shallowness of the real world outside of high school or college."
"I enjoyed reading this book and being taken back in time with the literary language differences.  It was a good, sad story.  It is interesting to watch the movie afterwards, but the book is always better."
By far my favorite book. It provides expert characterization and sharp insight into the ideals of the roaring 20s. The language used here is just beautiful and reading the mysteries unfold are intriguing.
",If you had not seen the picture or had not red this book. buy this book you will continue reading all the books. of this important American writer.One of the best novels I ever red.Sincerely,"
I know it's a classic. I know it's a great story. I just couldn't get into the writing style and didn't finish it. I guess I'm not that old-school yet.  I only give it 3 stars because I know it's a classic.
"I re-read The Great Gatsby before seeing the new movie, after having read it in high school many years ago.  The difference in a more mature perspective was interesting.  Fitzgerald's language is beautiful."
"I read this years ago; still don't love it, but it was an okay read.  I like the history of the period, and the Fitzgeralds were such an integral part of the avant guard.  That makes the book worth reading."
This book truly deserves praise for its greatness. I loved this book very much and Fitzgerald has a great sense of types and voice in his writing. Also a kudos to Jake Gyllenhaal for a great audio narration
This book was amazing it showed me that no matter what happened in the past can ever be reconfirmed once it's gone. Basically what u imagine is not how it actually is and stuff can never make u truly happy.
I enjoyed The Great Gatsby. It wasn't what I expected but it was very entertaining. I probably will read another book of F. Scott Fitzgerald before I make my desicision on whether or not I like his writing.
This is my third time reading this book and it is as intriguing as ever. The authors use of color to derive emotion is spectacular. It is a twisty tale of riches and deceit that everyone should read .
"We read this book in hope of enjoying, it but what is there to like when you have read it before.  It starts out interesting but the characters are boring and don't seem real.  The ending is just plain bad."
"Wonderful movie - well acted. I don't know why the critics were so harsh when Gatsby was in the theaters. If you liked the book, you will love this movie. As in the book so much decadence during the 1920s."
"reread it to prepare for my students, and enjoyed it so much more as an adult that as a teenager; the themes have not changed; it is timeless and speaks to the class system of our society, even more today."
"I love this book. Words cannot describe how much I love this book. Beautifully written and extremely mesmerizing, this is a novel that you will never forget. But I really never thought it would that way."
This was the first book I read in school that actually caught my attention. Thought I'd read it again as an adult. Got a lot more out of it now with different life perspective. I'd recommend it for sure!
"This book started out very slow and took a while to introduce the main character, Jay Gatsby. Halfway through the book things really start to pick up. Also, the wild, roaring 20's setting is interesting."
"well the book was a dark brown and had gold colored lettering on the front which i really liked. bought it for my sister and she loved it, if i were so inclined i'd buy it again for myself and my friend."
there is no dislikes or cons about this product at all. i like this book and it is also helping me to read and to complete all my assignments for my english lit class  thanks for a satisfying experience.
F. Scott Fitzgerald held my interest and anticipation throughout the book.  His characters were alive and Gatsby touched my heart.  He was in love with love.  The Great Gatsby is one of his masterpieces.
"Though I am deployed, amazon.com made it possible for me to order my son's college books at a reasonable price. The books were in the condition described and delivered within the time promised. Thank you"
I read this back in middle school and did not appreciate it very much.  When I found out about the movie coming out I decided to give it another go.  This book is beautifully written and very enjoyable.
"Considering that this book is now some 88 years old, it is virtually unsurpassed in its descriptive language. It's a pity that Fitzgerald's ability to capture thought and emotion were lost far too soon."
Fitzgerald is an oasis in today's literary desert. Wonderfully descriptive language flows over and around the reader. Looking forward to seeing how the new movie version translates the mood of the book.
I decided to read this book after all the reviews of the movie. I couldn't put it down once I started reading it. It was a true mystery which I didn't expect. Now I will have to buy the movie on DVD soon.
"So glad this has become 'popCulture cool'. If a teacher didn't 'make' you read this, you should read it now. Romance, suspense, fast cars, fast life, emotions, and murder wrapped into pure glamour."
"As the cliché says, the book is better than both movies. I have been through the mansion that Fitzgerald used for his setting in Newport and there is no other way to get the feel of this delightful book."
"This is a fascinating book.  The lifestyle of the ""rich and famous"" during the 1920's in America is so revealing.  It is hard to explain how the story affected me.  Not a book I will soon forget."
"Had read it years ago but lost the copy, got it for my kindle and relived the story and characters, way better than the Baz movie of course and the perfection of the author's writing is just otherworldy."
Read this in high school many years ago. Missed the movie this summer and decided one rainy Sunday morning to order it on my kindle. Three hours later I had finished. Just as good the second time around.
"We are sometimes stuck in the past and always hope what we loved then will join us in the future.  The Great Gatsby teaches us to leave the past in the past, because it might cause us to miss our future."
"Find the narrative too rambling. For all the accolades received by F. Scott Fitzgerald, perhaps my expectations were too high for the Great Gatsby.It is a pleasant enough read but doesn't really hold me."
Growing up in Europe we were not exposed to a lot of American literature with the exception perhaps of Hemingway. It could be different now... A fascinating story which depicts this era in its excessives
"Have read this before but with the new movie coming out, just wanted to brush up on the original prior to seeing the movie. The book never disappoints and I do think I enjoyed it more now that I'm older."
"Product in really great shape (used) and fit description as stated. Price of item good since I had called local book stores and price was 4 to 5 times the amount. Received in 5 business days, no delays."
"Wonderful book. Never read it before, forgotten the movie. I will be forever grateful  having experienced this book, the characters, the era, the raw feelings that came about thru his writing. Loved it"
"I wish I could explain further why I liked it, but I just knew I would before I read it, and ended up loving it. Glad I bought this and didn't borrow from the library as I could easily read this again."
Wanted to read again before I saw the movie. Fitzgerald's descriptions in the book and the suspense he used was awesome.  Great read for anyone who love's great writing!  Still haven't seen the movie!!
This classic shows us a part of life from a time mostly forgotten. Although our hero interacts with those around him he is never really truly apart of them. Fitzgerald keeps them in a different sphere.
"I absolutely adore this book and consider it one of America's great novels, if not -the- great American novel.  The book was in absolute pristine condition when I received it and I couldn't be happier!"
I didn't know what to expect when I started this book but by the end of the first page I was hooked and I'm kind of sad that it's over but now I have the chance to start the great Gatsby all over again
"This is a literature classic and is beautifully written. Fitsgerald takes you on an adventure of love, lust, and power. The story is truly a look at the American Dream and the tragety involved in that."
"My favorite book from high school still remains my favorite book to this day! This book, mote than any other book I've read before, entices my imagination and I truly feel like I escape into the novel."
"So beautiful, and so painfully sad. Fitzgerald positively captured the essence of forbidden desire. The reader roots endlessly for what is inevitably impossible. Such a beautifully heartbreaking novel."
It is a very famous book and not very different from the movie. I personally don't like reading but i enjoyed this read. Recommended. additionally the book i ordered was used and in amazing condition.
"An exquisitely written book with beautiful language a full of visual pictures.  After knowing about it for years, I'm so pleased to have finally read it and don't feel any compunction to see the film!"
this book is beyond amazing and I am lost for words when it comes to the plot. yes it's short and to the point as soon as your reach chapter two but it is definitely worth reading over and over again.
It was time to re-read this old classic.I was a teeager the first time.  It's interesting to me that today it seems too slow.  I guess the classic language has become too slow for me these days.
Bought for a class so  was FORCED to read it. Just did no like it all. I know it is a classic. I also know humans can be racist ignorant idiots. I just don't care to read a book about a bunch of them.
"This book gives a really good portrayal of what life for the rich and privileged was like in that era and what it was like for those who were able to be in their inner circle, whether well off or not."
"A wonderful read I did not appreciate in high school. Themes on  love, loss, poor decision-making and regret that are central to the human experience. Written so well you feel as though you are there."
"Reader could have been a little more animated, instead of somewhat monotonous. I am a teacher and played it for my students as they followed along. Unfortunately, the first cd skipped in a few places."
"This is one of the best books I've read.  My only complaint is that it was not as deep and as strange as I like, but lack of depth in the world was the author's point, so I can't expect anything else."
This book is amazing. It's a cliché to like it but realistically everyone should. Watch out for guys that claim this as their favorite novel... Gastby's character is loved by women and envied by men.
"My grandson had to read it for high school. I read it too so we could discuss it. We both enjoyed the story , the writing, and the insight into the time period. Then we saw two of the films together."
"Not exactly what I prefer, but you might find it interesting.  It just did not keep me glued to the book.  Considering when it was written it is excellent if you can put yourself in that time period."
"If you have not read this book, you must!  If you read it, years ago, then reread it.  I am a very close reader and to get the most out of this book, you must read it slowly.  Poor, poor poor Gatsby."
"Obviously, this book cannot be transferred to film because the content lies in the unspoken nihilistic nature and contraryactions.  But I bought this book to reacquaint myself with the content."
"Time honored, famous author, but did we really like the book.  Not really.  Found the authors writing a bit labored for my taste.My advice, see the movie.  At least the movie was well directed."
Even better than I had imagined.  Perfect  condition and a wonderful addition to my library.  A must have for the serious Fitzgerald  scholar.  A piece of the Jazz Age  that is priceless.  Thank you.
you can't go wrong revisiting something you appreciated decades ago.  the recent movie is apparently going to be a disappointment but you can't fault the book for that.  glad i went back to the past.
"If you read this and think that FItzgerald is glorifying the excesses of the Jazz Age, then you have missed the point. These folks who seem to have everything, ultimately have nothing worth anything."
Read this at school and wanted to re-read now that the Baz Luhrman version of the movie was coming out. Entirely worthwhile - it was as good as the first time and a forgotten gem. Thoroughly enjoyed.
"With all the recent hype, I have gone back a re-read this book. I am glad I did! I did not truly appreciate this book in high school and now am able to appreciate the writings of F. Scott Fitzgerald."
"This is one of my all-time favorites, both to read and to teach.  Students love it too!  One of my students told me it was the first book that she read as a class assignment that she really loved."
"I enjoyed this book there is NOTHING i can say poorly about this book. It was a good use of my time and id like if there was a sequel but , since the author has passed i do not see that happening."
Fitzgerald's humor is much more subtle than we read today. I quite appreciated the pace and it was such a fascinating snapshot of the roaring twenties. Beautiful and stunning imagery. I loved it.
Couldn't believe I hadn't read it before. One of the great novels.This edition has notes in the back to let young people today understand some of the meanings of phrases used. Very helpful.
"Had to read this in High Schol.  Hated it.  Re-read it, it's wonderful. Well written, catches the opulence of the 20's as well as the elitism and snobbiness.  At the end of the day, a love story."
What a classic! I never had the opportunity to read it in high school like my children however so glad I read it now. It's a book I would read again even if I would've been given the opportunity.
Daughter purchased this book for her e-reader so that she could do her class reading. This book was one of the first books that she made sure that she read completely do to her love of the story.
This book is extremely good reding material for High School students. It will help them in improving his comprehension as well as their grammar application. The story is a great treat for adults.
"The story/plot is only average.  However, I generally prefer books with action, so Gatsby is not a typical book for me.  Overall, I did enjoy it, but not as much as many other books I have read."
"I had never read this book in school, and I am.......thankful.  It was so hard to get through and I'm an avid reader!  I was just bored the whole time waiting for it to pick up....it never does."
"The MP3 is good recording for learning Fitzgerald's novel---The Great Gatsby,which is my favrorite literature works. The performer did well in recording. I would like to recommend it to my friends."
This is such a beautifully written book. The language is rich and incredibly descriptive as well as thought-provoking.I am so glad that I took the time to read it.It was time incredibly well spent.
"Read this novel when I was in high school, only reread because of the release of the movie.  The movie was OK, the book was also OK...not sure why I saw the movie or even why I read the book again."
Insert people and situations of any era and the story can be retold.A beautifully written slice of aristocracy in the Jazz Age. A portraitof the bored and entitled.  A timeless classic.
Loved it - beautifully written!  It is amazing to read a book that was written so long ago and that can stil be imagines.  It was one of those books I kept playing in my mind until it was finished.
"May favorite book of all time. Truly stunning to read, and even more relevant now than when it first came out. Beautifully written passages, send chills down my spine each and every time I read it!"
Very nice read! It is hard to put down once you begin to read. Just like all of Fitzgeralds books it tells a story that stay in your mind forever. The movie is good but doesn't compare to the book
The story of those kind of people who leave it to others to clean up the mess that they've made and have not yet realized that the party was over a long time ago. There but for the grace of God...
"A timeless classic for the lover of great American literature. It is Fitzgerald's strongest book, in my humble opinion, and I recommend it to anyone who loves a story that will sit upon your soul."
"It's not the original writing,follows the movie practically verbatim but for me ,who enjoyed the movie, it was fine. Nice artwork, better than the cover shown above. You can frame the cover I got."
"I  really enjoyed this classic novel by F. Scott Fitzgerald.  The characters have a sort of timeless,  relatable quality.  It certainly held my interest from start to completion.  I would recommend this novel to fans of classic literature."
"I know it sounds cheesy, but this book is the best I have ever read!  Extremely embracing and attention-getting, The Great Gatsby, which was barely beaten out by Ulysses on the top 100 novel list, should be #1 on everyone elses' list!!! A+"
This is a fantastic update to this story; it made the feel of the party scene during the 20s contextual to the current generation. It was visually breathtaking and DiCaprio and McGuire played off each other as only close friends could do.
"Omg...as boring as when I first read it 50plus years ago! Beautiful, elegant writing, however. Excellent character sketches, and it still spins its own magic web, catching a long ago NY as well as corruption in the 20s... And the 20teens."
"I thought everybody already knew that. There is no better American novel in existence. I read it first in high school and it captured my heart and imagination. I have read it many times since, and each time discover more depth and nuance."
"An American classic with vivid characters, an exciting plot and well-written critical observations of the upper-class society and its inhabitants. What starts off as an adventurous festive tale turns into a troubling and deeply sad story."
there are books that just have to be read to appreciate why they were must read books.  the great Gatsby is one of them.  I put off reading it until I retired.  it was part of my bucket list.  now I can see the movie and compare the two.
Every few pages I encountered an extraordinary word image that stopped my reading flow in the best possible way. I used to think I was a bit of a wordsmith compared to other people who don't get paid to write. This book cured me of that.
I read this book again before I went to see the movie and I was so glad I did such a sad story. The writing is beautiful. Gatsby is so sad in that he is never good enough. A common problem in this modern society as well as 100 years ago.
"""The Great Gatsby"" is an iconic American novel.  The literary classic is beautifully written, with just the right combinations of words, of flawed characters, and of 1920s excesses.  The sequence of events speeds toward disaster!"
"Still relevant today...human nature, it seems, does not change much.  I had not read this book in probably 25 years, and it was good to become reacquainted to the characters and story line.  Now, if only the movie had gotten it right."
"My son needed this book for his English class. They are expensive! I checked here and found a ""used, good as new"". No kidding, looked like it just came from the book store! And in about 1 week. Much less time than anticipated! Thanks!"
"And so we revisit the official novel of high school English, the only F. Scott Fitzgerald most people will ever read. Does it live up to the hype? It's in the highest category of literature where no book can.The novel concerns a number of extremely rich people, all of whom feel unloved and all of whom are unfulfilled. Through the eyes of Nick Carraway, the main character, we see these characters' destruction like a slow-motion, 180-page train wreck. To a limited degree, the reader is also sucked into this amoral morass.I also note that there are some obvious similarities in the endings between this book and Sunset Boulevard, which was of course written later.Fitzgerald was unquestionably a talented writer, and quite often his imagery and metaphors are excellent. However, here and there the reader gets the feeling that he's trying too hard, as sentences and phrases come across as stilted or contrived.So what does The Great Gatsby do for us today? No real redemption occurs here for any of the characters (this is different from a happy ending; I'm not complaining because it doesn't have a happy ending). Certainly it is a cautionary tale against materialism, but no hope is ever presented for any of the characters.I wanted to bump this to 4 stars/recommended, but I couldn't in good conscience do it.TAKE IT OR LEAVE IT"
"Absolutely beautifully written ! It's like listening to an amazing music, or watching flowers, or flying in the sky! I was so absorb in the words, I didn't pay much attention to what was going on! It's a must to read again and again!"
This book fit the bill for my daughter who had to read it for 11th grade English class. It is pretty short. The whole class finished it within a week or two.Great price and easy to carry for school since it's a paperback.
"Of course this is a classic and a book you probably read in junior high. Read it again and you'll appreciate why your English teacher made it required reading. I like how Nick narrates about Gatsby, he observes unclose and from afar."
Gatsby is a tour de force for its language and depiction of American society --its adoration of wealth--then and now. The exploration of moral and ethical choices is powerful.Really worth a re read if you read it long ago in college.
"Well written, good character development and a good depiction of a small slice of American life during the Prohibition Era.  Uncertain if this is truly one of the great American novels.  I prefer books such as To Kill a Mocking Bird."
Can't believe I never had to read this book in school. It's a very good book. Tragic but yet exciting I was able to picture everything the author was explaining. Hoping the movie will be good but I'm sure sure it won't do it justice.
I wanted to read The Great Gatsby again this summer. I finished the book in two days and now my wife is reading it. She saw the previews for the new movie due out in December. Great summer read highly recommend this timeless classic.
I love this book. It was the only one i liked in high school. If you have never read it you should!!! So much better than all the other book s it high school.it has love and mystery and scandal
The book is a very quick read. The author writes very well and his ideas flow nicely and organized. After reading the novel you realize there is a little Gatsby in all of us! Overall good read.
"I know this is a classic and all, but I found it quite boring and predictable.  I had read it in high school and hoped it would be better to read for fun, but no, just as dull as I remembered."
The Great Gatsby's narrator was very descriptive that it distorted my insight to feel impressed. But I read it for my list of 100 books to read this year though I have read many books already.
There is as much here left for the reader to supply as there is provided on the page. The actors are not very sympathetic and yet somehow you are drawn to care for them in spite of themselves.
"Daughter loves this movie and wanted the book with the original cover.  This one I believe was it and it was what she wanted, and she read the story and it is great she said.  would buy again."
"I grabbed a paperback version even though I had already read Gatsby once before. All the pages look pristine, and the cover looks great. Can't wait to get some time to read through this again."
"I have an addiction to this story. I have read it many times and always find something I didn't notice before. Now I have my own copy I can return any time I want to revisit the ""Eggs"""
"This was a well-adapted book to the kindle app/kindle.  It sizes well and everything is in line properly.  I didn't notice any misspellings, which sadly happens more often than not in e-books."
"Loved the story!  Never read it before, and haven't seen either movie.  Wished it could have been longer, I like to immerse myself in a story for at least a week.  Read this in about two days."
"You cannot fault the book, it will always be wonderful. But I bought this version on the kindle because it promised me some illustrations. Didn't get any of those, so was a tad bit disappointed."
"i havent had a chance to see the movie yet, but i really enjoyed the book. i read it in high school so i dont remember it all anymore, but that means it is probably a good time to read it again!"
"The novel ""The Great Gatsby"" by F. Scott Fitzgerald ranged between the two extremes of liking the book then hating its ending.  The characters of the book were excellently described, from Tom Buchanan's enormous size and temper to Jay Gatsby's strife for prestige to wealth.  The story line was well written, except for the disappointing ending.  My favorite parts were of the great parties Gatsby threw and of the confrontation between Gatsby, Nick, Tom, Jordan, and Daisy in the hotel room; this is where I was totally tuned in as a reader.  These incidents portrayed the intriguing, lavish lifestyle that Gatsby enjoyed and the turmoil of the lovers' quarrel.  The thing in this book that just irked me was how fickle some of the characters turned out to be, and how easily swayed by their emotions. This really upset me, but what also bothered me was how Nick appeared spineless in the face of defending his friend.  Yet, these two dislikes do not add up to my hatred for the ending.  It left me disappointed in all of the characters and mad at the senselessness.  Even though, it was a good book overall."
Seriously the best book I've ever read!!! Honestly it touched me and broke my heart all at the same time. The love he had for her was sooo amazingly refreshing! Sadly she didn't appreciate him!
"Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgastic future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that’s no matter—tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther..."
"I couldn't stand this book when I first read it in high school. Now that I have reread it I can appreciate it. Wonderfully written, & no doubt in my mind it deserves to be considered a classic."
This is a literary work that captures the zeitgeist of the era.The characters come alive as the story develops.I thoroughly enjoyed everything about it.Definitely recommended.
"Fitzgerald s writing is often dated, making them harder to read than need be. Gatsby is less so but the story and the characters are only slightly compelling. A more modern version might work.."
"I really enjoyed the book.  However, I don't think Baz Luhrman even read this book.  Completely missed the entire point of the book.. no drama, no mystery, no intrigue... the book stands alone!"
"I have kept myself from knowing too much about this story so when I read it it was all new to me. I absolutely loved the writing, the characters and description. One of my new favorites by far."
"I MUST SAY WHEN MY ENGLISH TEACHER GAVE US THREE WEEKS TO READ THIS BOOK I WAS NOT LOOKING FORWARD TO IT, BUT EACH CHAPTER I READ BECAME MORE AND MORE INTERESTING TO ME.  I TRULY ENJOYED THIS BOOK AND WOULD RECOMMEND IT TO  EVERYONE!"
I liked the book but it was very hard to follow and not very exciting at all until the end. It is definitely an advanced book and takes some time to get through considering the language is a bit different and it is very descriptive.
"very well written, very descriptive, painted visual pictures with words,commentary on deception and longing for relationshipMy mother, born in 1921,  related FSF writing saying it showed the times as she remembered them."
"I was under the very wrong impression that this was about gangsters, but never the less it proved to be a thrilling tale! Gatsby amazed and astounded me at every turn, and the writing style is magnificent. It truly sums up the 1920s"
"I had read this book many moons ago and was just delighted as many moons ago .And as before the ending instilled in me a sense of deep sadness but also made me aware that love although in this case is an obsession, does still exist."
"This book was facinating when I read it 30+ years ago. Now the characters were simply irritating and somewhat boring.  One of the few books I've read more than once that wasn't as good, or like an old friend, the second time around."
"The book was okay, it had a good plot, but could have been shorter. It was a little bit too political for me. It seemed to take a long time for things to happen. The book is very descriptive when it comes to the setting. Every little detail is described, along with thoughts and feelings and I don't like too much detail, I am more of a short and to the point kind of guy. I had a hard time keeping my attention focused. There was a lot of confusion as to what was going on with who, where and mainly what was going on. Many parts of the book I had to go back and re-read to get a full understanding of it and even after I reread it I still didn't get it. The plot was decent, aimed more towards romantics than others. At times it seemed like one big soap. Overall if you have to read it, it is readable, if you are interested in life and the times, you'll like it, if your more into action and adventure, which I am, you won't find it here, however it's not a total waste of time to read. The Great Gatsby is a very dramatic book, and it holds a lot of truth. The main reason I read it is because I heard a lot about it and how F. Scott Fitzgerald is a great author. Many of the things discussed in it reflect on even today's society. So overall it was okay, I personally didn't enjoy it too much but again if you like stuff like this, you'll love it."
"Fitzgerald's writing never fails to thrill. The Great Gatsby has rightfully earned a place among the greatest books of our time. Fitzgerald captures human frailty, desire, commitment, and ruthlessness in his tale. Not to be missed!"
"A forced reading in HS did nothing to endear this book to me. I'm sure I appreciate it much more than I could have at the age of 16. What twisted, selfish characters Fitzgerald created. The only one I truly liked was Nick Carroway."
I know this is a classic but I didn't find it to be all that and was really disappointed in some respects.  My book club decided to read it and although we haven't met yet to discuss it I am not sure there is a lot to be discussed.
"Read this in high school the first time, and neither liked it nor remembered much from it. The second go around, I LOVE this book. It's now one of my favorite reads. Give it a second chance!"
I felt the ending introduced too many characters whose names the reader was not privy to earlier in the novel causing much confusion. I really enjoyed the novel until the last thirty pages.
"I enjoyed the movie and thought I would enjoy the book.  However, I found it to be too slow of a read or perhaps I wasn't in the mood at the time.  At any rate, it did not peak my interest."
"I read this in preparation for the movie, but the style of writing just wasn't for me. I understand it's a classic, but it was so overly descriptive, that I found I had to re-read passages."
I ordered this for a friend he truely enjoyed the book and read it within a couple of days. I am going to be purchasing several more books for him hope he likes them all as much as this one
Studied this book at school and didn't particularly enjoy it at the time. Revisiting it many years later I enjoyed it much more. A well told tale and am looking forward to seeing the movie.
"""The Great Gatsby"" is epic story of hope, dreams, and love. The ending is tragic and sad, but leaves it up to the reader to develop final character analysis of all parties involved."
"Gatsby was a beautifully written novel, set in the Jazz Age. Written from the point of view of Nick Carroway, it was told from a subjective point of view providing the only interesting part of the novel. I'm not saying this was a bad book, Fitzgerald is a phenomenal writer, but even so I couldn't make myself care about the characters. Maybe that wasn't the point, but from the perspective of a pleasure reader it made the book rather dull. As a study of the culture of the twenties or of the theme of time in a period coming directly after WWI, it is amazing and captivating, but the characters were so shallow that I felt a strong detachment as i was reading further and further into the novel. Gatsby is a complete flop, spending all of his energy tryig to redo the past, Daisy is so flippant that you can't truly care for her, Tom cheats on his wife and hits his girlfriend, and Nick allows himself to get sucked into their games. Although written well, and worth all the acclaim it has recieved i personally did not enjoy this novel or find it particularly engrossing."
"Considered the greatest of all American novels but many scholars. I just know the characters are shallow, narcisstic, and would bore me to death at one of their parties. Gotta love Gatsby."
"I have to admit it wasn't one of my favorite books, but that must just be ""me"" because it seems it's had such rave reviews over the years.  The 'Jazz Age' seemed to be so wasteful."
"I loved Fitzgerald's writing - something you just don't get from the movie adaptations. I thoroughly enjoyed the odd interaction between Gatsby and Carraway. You should read it, old sport."
Entertaining read from start to finish pieced together with eloquent scene descriptions and turns of phrase.  Provides some feel for life in the privileged classes in the roaring twenties.
"It was great to reread this wonderful novel.  Fitzgerald has a gift for describing the life of affluence on Long Island.  I reread this before I saw the new movie, and was glad that I did!"
"This book is amazing. I loved every moment of it, this is truly Fitzgerald's masterpiece. Great story, wasn't expecting the ending though. I'd recommend this book to my friends and family."
"The soon to be released movie inspired me to re-read this classic - so glad I did.  I felt nourished after reading this book, lots of interesting language and a riveting 'plot'.  Fabulous!"
"It also holds innumerable life lessons and precious quotes.  I'm not a movie goer and by what I've read, I don't see an Audiobook having the same powerful emotions described in the print."
I just think I may like the movie more than the book.  It could be the writing of that era was a bit difficult for me to understand.  The sentence structure just seemed out on sync to me.
"Surprised at the quality of Fitzgerald's writing, but sad to be reminded of shallowness -- should I say vapidness -- of his female characters, who don't come across as real people at all."
"Truly a beautiful novel that can be enjoyed for its complexity and simplicity.If you haven't read this book, I recommend that you do. It truly is a milestone in American literature."
I found it rather depressing in places although the scenery and style of living at the time depicted was interesting. Discontinuity in the development of the story somewhat disconcerting.
I was very much surprised at how surprised at how much I enjoyed this. I am going to read more of his stories. He has a great voice and to me very poetic in tone. I feel a sadness to it..
"I probably read this many many years ago, but did not remember much of it at all.  I was very glad I read it before I saw the Movie.  It's a quick read and made me wish I lived back then!"
Fitzgerald does an amazing job with both his story telling and literary techniques.  His roundabout and often comical descriptions of things and people are witty and really make the book.
I'm so disappointed because the description only said minimal wear and I knew it was used but I finally got my book and realized it was completely marked up and written in. I'm so annoyed
Intrigued by the popularity of the book I purchased it and am happy  i  did so. I am beginning to appreciate the Gatsby character and the underlying messages of happiness and  simplicity.
"In this classic,  F. Scott Fitzgerald uses great skill in presenting certain traits of human nature that many of us have observed from time to time, but were never able to put into words."
This is one of the few books I remember from my public school education that I REALLY liked. I always meant to reread it as an adult. I finally did and it's just as good as I remembered!
Purchased this used copy for my daughter to read in her English class this year. It was in great shape and worked just fine for her. It was better than buying a new copy from the school.
"I was given as an assignment, for my Ap Language class, and I enjoyed. The descriptions are incredible, outstanding and marvellous; the story line always phenomenal; the syntax flawless."
I AM FROM WHAT WAS ONCE CONSIDERED THE GOLD COAST OF LONG ISLAND.  THIS BOOK TRANSPORTED ME TO A TIME WHEN IT MUST HAVE BEEN  SOMETHING ONE CAN ONLY IMAGINE.  A REAL PAGE TURNER.  GREAT!
"best book for a reason, with it wonderful emotionally resonant metaphors, the great Gatsby left me with alot to contemplate and a new weird perspective, everyone should read this, its so beautifully written..."
it's old! I'm so worried it will fall apart one day and this is a book I plan on keeping for years! Wish it was in better condition. The age makes the book have a cool aesthetic but I'm looking for utility! :c
"I read this classic for the first time since high school.  Of course it was a very different experience (it's amazing what 40 more years of living will do for your perspective).  Excellent writing, of course."
"This is one of my absolute favorites. When I saw a kindle edition I got very excited. I am proud to say amazon does this classic justice by keeping it true to the paper editions. Don't worry, it's a good buy!"
"The characters in this book are well described and the story line is intriguing.  I enjoyed the book so much that I re-read it each summer.  One of the greatest classics that I have read, if not the greatest."
This one of my FAVORITE books. I read it over and over again. I can identify with Zelda totally. What a time to live in ........ The Roaring Twenties !!!!!! I would recommend it highly!!!! Excellent read !  ~
"I have read this book many times. love to have it on my Kindle...it's the best. I love reading F Scottt Fitsgerald. I would also reccommend, ""Zelda"" cica 1975 to understand the great love of his life."
"I just found it really difficult to identify with the characters, although I realise they are a product of the times. I found it quite tragic really. Having said that - I did find it quite compelling reading."
This was a good book and a quick read. I wasn't required to read it in high school so I thought I'd get it read before the movie came out. It was good but a little anticlimactic. Still haven't seen the movie.
"Twenty years have passed since I first read this wonderful book. Rereading it now gives me a completely different perspective of it. Love, glory, deceit, and money. Wonderful again, but for different reasons."
"Read this book when the movie came out starring  Robert Redford wanted to reread it before seeing the new movie comes out.  It is a great classic and enjoyed as much, or maybe more, this time around."
"I've read and reread this book since I was in junior high school.  The story is capital, but it's the writing that always stands out.  Fitzgerald is a master of American English prose, in my opinion."
I thoroughly enjoyed the book after getting used to the author's prose. I read it to prepare for seeing the movie and I think it served its purpose. I could imagine Redford or Decaprio  in the role.
The writing is first rate. I am glad I did not live in the twenties. I do think that had I been alive then I would have had a different life. Fitzgerald shows a side of life that is repugnant to me.
"I am an avid reader with a degree in English Literature, yet I had never read one of the greatest novels in American letters. Turned out to be as good as publicized. Like F. Scott needs my approval."
"Not an easy book to get into.  Rather boring actually.  Do not care for the writing style.  Having never seen the movie, had no idea what it was about.  Will have to force myself to finish the book."
I bought this book under the impression it was the original cover.I opened the package and the cover was different. I was disappointed for sure. Don't advertise one thing and deliver something else.
"This is a classic of course and very well written. But, not a good uplifting read. Very true the era with the parties and carelessness with life, society and how you were contributing to the future."
I wanted to compare the original text to the Leo DiCaprio version of the Robert Redford movie.  This beautiful hardbound reprint was just the ticket short of finding a mint condition first edition.
I never knew what all the fuss was about. I'm just not into the way F. Scott Fitzgerald's language and speech patterns were in the book. It was too short also. And I couldn't follow who killed who.
Tragically beautiful. Quick read that leaves you wanting for more. I read it and high school and decided to re-read it before Leo DiCaprio put out the new movie and boy am I glad I did.
"This classic Fitzgerald doesn't necessarily inspire, however it doesn't disappoint either.  It's a fast moving plot with characters as deep or shallow as you would like to imagine them."
The author paints word pictures.  I was transported to a place and time that I have never been in my life.  I was made to experience the emotions of all the characters - big and small.
"This book really reflects the views and concerns of people during the 1920s. All of their carelessness is truly heartbreaking, but at the same time fascinating. A must-read for anyone."
"There's little I could add to the volumes already written about Fitzgerald's novel, whose retort to the romance of American self-reinvention is presented as elegy rather than cynicism."
"I thought it was a little slow and maudlin.Some of the writing is like verse, if you like that in a novel.I have not read before or seen the movies.Just so-so for me."
"What's not to like about this classic.  If you've seen the movie, the book will really live in your mind.  For once, I felt like seeing a movie and reading the book went well together."
"It gives an excellent mirror of the 20's and the decadent way of living amongst the very rich in the American Society, Its a pleasure to read and Fitzgerald's lanuguage is like velvet."
"I rewrote this as someone said they found it unhelpful, and I do want my review to be a little helpful, if not comprehensive.I'm not going to write a plot summary as there is already one for this book on the purchasing page.Here's the thing folks.  I like reading the classics.  I like Dickens.  I love Shakespeare.  Catcher in the Rye made me cry.  However I found this story about as interesting as pushing through one of Victor Hugo's dry descriptions of French architecture.I think there are two main reasons for this:1. The writing felt emotionally distant.  It made me lose interest in the events of Nick Carraway's first Gatsby party.2. I could not relate to the main character - cynical Nick Carraway.  He seemed to identify himself as morally aloof from the other characters, and it made me less keen to follow his adventures.I'm sure that my complaints could be argued as relevant to the author's end goal, but if I don't enjoy the journey, then what's the point?"
"The roaring twenties comes alive in this tale of love,desire and excess! The great Gatsby is a wonderful read filled with colourful and complexed characters! Thrilling and intriguing!"
"It's THE GREAT GATSBY!  I WILL ALWAYS RATE IT 5 STARS REGARDLESS OF THE COVER, ETC. This is one of the most neatly constructed novels in American literature.  It stands the test of time."
"Such a great classic. If you haven't read it already you should definitely pick up a copy. Or if you read it (or ""read"" it) in high school, it reads very differently as an adult."
"His use of the language and writing were incredible; The plot, though interesting, was superficial. I had more sympathy for the Wilsons and their manipulation than I did the protagonist."
I bought the book so that I can reread it before the movie release. Read it quickly while on a plane ride and it was just as entertaining as it was the 1st time I read it in high school.
The story is narrated by a man who is beautifully philosophical in addressing pieces of everyday culture. It is interesting to follow him as he explores the life a man named Jay Gatsby.
"I did not like this novel in prep school, LOVED it as an adult. The themes are absolutely adult, and English teachers should assign books teens will love rather than books adults love.."
"I thoroughly enjoyed the book!! As usual, in my opinion, the book always surpasses the film. If you enjoy reading Fitzgerald's short stories you will especially enjoy reading this book."
"After all these years and at least 20 readings way back when, I returned to find this story even more elegant and mythic about the American experience, its promises and disappointments."
I bought this book to try and read before I saw the new movie.  It's less than 200 pages and a quick read.  Thoroughly enjoyed it and the movie stays very true to the book.  Great read!
Beautiful writing. It's too bad that high school and college students are required to read it. This is a book that will be more appreciated once the reader has a little life experience.
"An amazing piece of literature which encompasses love, passion, tragedy and the human obsession of the past. By far one of the best works I have ever had the privilege of reading."
"Hey, the title spells it out. It was ""great"". It wasn't the ""merely okay Gatsby"" or the ""perfectly adequate Gatsby. "" It was ""great"". So go buy it!"
It took me awhile to find this specific cover of The Great Gatsby; I looked everywhere! Now it's available at Target and a lot of other places but this version is still a classic!
I loved the story which I had never read before.  Was surprised to hear that my 22 year old grandson has read the book three times he likes it so much.  That's why it's a classic.
"It is almost embarrassing to admit, but I've reached the age of 48 and had never read The Great Gatsby.  Chalk it up to being a product of the south Arkansas public education system.  In any event, having returned from a week long golf trip on Long Island, it seemed like a perfect time to polish off the very short novel, and VERY short it is.Coming in at about 170 pages, this novella is very much a period piece, set in 1920s Long Island, the characters being by and large, the idle rich.  The story revolves around the narrator's observations as they relate to his next door neighbor, the mysterious and dashing Jay Gatsby and Gatsby's cryptic relationship with the narrator's fabulously wealthy married cousin, Daisy.While I would say that the underlying story is average at best (after all, the idle rich are pretty much idle), Fitzgerald's use of imagery is among the best I've seen.  The length of the novel ends up being almost perfect, as the story would likely grow stale were it much longer."
One of the absolute best American Novels ever written. What can I add to the thousands upon thousands of pages that have been written on the subject? A simple Five Stars will do.
I had never read this book before.I enjoyed a look into the 1920s.  J. Gatsby is a complex character and rather enigmatic at times.  The narrator voice was consistent throughout.
"There's a reason this book is a classic. Brilliantly written, peppered with sarcasm, surprisingly light given the darkness it embraces, this is one of my all time favorite books."
Writing skills of author brilliant!  Amazing character development;  sad moral decay of society at the time period.Would recommend for mature young adults and older.people.
"I hadn't read this since junior high. Inspired by the movie, I bought a new copy and read it over the course of a couple of days. The story is as beautiful and sad as I remember."
"This truly is masterpiece. The use of language is exquisite. I read it because of the latest movie. Although the movie does a spectacular job, the book still has a few surprises."
"I was blown away by the amazing writing style of Fitzgerald.  Every word, every sentence painted a beautiful, colorful picture in my mind!  Can't wait to explore his other works."
An  interesting story about that time in history when there was great wealth.  A great nation of people that had  much and were bored.  Some with not so much trying to get ahead.
The Book is filled with tons of symbolism but you may have to read it more than once to get it.  You must take your time to really figure out the characters and their intentions.
"A big, fat, meh. What was interesting to me was the look at the parties of the Roaring Twenties. What was not interesting or likable were any of the characters, with the possible exception of Gatsby himself. He was the only one who seemed to deeply care about anything, who had a big dream and was determined to make it come true, by any means necessary. Nick, the narrator, seemed all too conveniently accommodating and non-judgmental, without any passion or commitment to much of anything, a leaf swirled in the pond. He did not feel real to me. Daisy, Myrtle (?) and Tom were one-note caricatures, rather than having any dimension.I can't help but wonder if many of the people who LOVED this book haven't been sold by The Emperor's New Clothes syndrome - everybody else praised this as a classic, therefore, it HAS to be great. I'm glad I finally got it off my TBR list, but in many ways it felt like much noise and glitter about nothing. Perhaps this means it did perfectly epitomize that era."
"While I was reading it about a month ago, The Great Gatsby seemed like a pointless story of spoiled rich people, too lazy to commit adultery successfully, let alone make a marriage or even romance work.  There was a lot of description about the period, and society behavior of the period, that didn't seem particularly relevant, and the end seemed morally ambiguous.  However, much of this short novel has stuck in my mind, especially the characters, longer than other novels I read (mostly sci-fi and mysteries).It also seemed a mistake to make the protagonist a bystander with only passing reference to Gatsby during the first third of the novel.  On reflection, this probably built up the mystery about the character and kept me reading.  Since then I've watched the movie with Alan Ladd, and they dropped that device, bringing Gatsby in early.  The movie seemed like it would be thoroughly dull to anyone who hasn't read the book, though relatively faithful for a Hollywood adaptation."
"A true classic. Somewhat hard to read at times because its so old. But the book is a masterpiece of its time, and not too long. Makes me want to see the new movie with Dicaprio."
One of a kind. Great selection of words and phrases. Compliments and recedes from our time simultaneously. A good choice for anyone who likes a good read or anyone in particular
"Didn't enjoy this novel half as much when it was required reading, in high school. I believe it took at least one month to finish it.  I read it this time in one day!  Loved it!"
This book was one of my favorites in high school and my book club decided to read it again prior to seeing the newly released Gatsby.  I fell in love with Gatsby all over again.
"Saw Movie first.  Glad I did as it paved away for the book.  There are now better writers that Fitzgerald, but for the time period he was considered good.  Don't care for his style."
"I found the story slow and dull, not what I expected.  There was not enough about what Gatsby actually did with his life, which I assumed was more than than what the book described."
"Fitzgerald's brilliant telling of the roaring twenties, the excesses of the American dream and the tragic empty ending of the lives if those involved.  A must for everyone's library"
Wanted to read it again before I saw the movie and it had been so long it was like reading it for the first time. This haunting tale was so captivating i read the book in one night.
"I would recommend this book to students who wants to know the History of U.S.A in the 1920's. The cover is different from what I've seen in Amazon, however the quality is still OK."
I actually did the audio book on this one during a long road trip but was so impressed by the descriptive detail of the story I had to buy myself a physical copy for the bookshelf.
"Pedantic, lack of flow, Characters thinly written.  Appears to have been written by a ninth grader.  I considered reading it again to be certain there was an epiphany I had missed,"
Never read it in Highschool so I thought I would read it before going to the movie. Enjoyed the book as it is a classic and has withstood the passing of time. I would reccomend it!
I thought the book was excellent. I remember reading it as a kid but forgot a lot. Read it before I went to see the movie. The movie was pretty much like the book. Both were great.
Book started a little slow at first but once it got going had a hard time putting down. I'll be curious to see how the movie compares to the book.I would recommend this book.
"Exposed to this novel for the first time in my adult life, I am in awe of the mastery of this story.  This deserves its place in the American literary cannon, if any book does."
What more is there is say about The Great Gatsby......It is a classic. The story is timeless and the characters beautifully developed. It's been my favorite book since college.
"But a good story, a classic.  Oh the tangled webs, how it looks across the pond, if we but knew the inside story.  Really great read, I'm glad I finally got around to this one."
A timeless classic of life in the 20's.Deep.... heart wrenching and thought provoking about life's tough dilemmas. A must read.... especially for juniors in high school!
I read the book in the early 1900s or so it seems to have been a long time..I read the book and watched the movie.  Both were great and Amazon service was the best for both!!!
"The Great Gatsby is another classic that simply does not translate to the screen.  You have to read it to experience it, and I make it a point to read it at least once a year."
The only reason why I'm giving 4 because book I received has not the cover it shows.Not big deal but I wanted to have original cover created by author and as shown on picture.
"A classic. I've read it before but had to read it again before I saw the new movie. I really enjoyed the language Fitzgerald used. The story is a tragedy, a beautiful tragedy."
"Over the years I have not given this story it's due.  It is much more complex and interesting, as well as being well written, than I suspected.  I might even go see the movie."
Easy to read book. Fitzgerald described well the times of the 20's when people had a very carefree attitude and many only thought of the present with no thought to the future.
"With the new movie version coming out, I had to revisit F. Scott Fitzgerald tale once again. Not taking anything away from Hollywood, but books are always better than the films."
I read this back in high school but couldn't remember the story line. The book was decent but not as exciting as I had remembered.  But I am looking forward to seeing the movie.
"Always terrific goods at good price, we visit Amazon first when we're looking for that item we just can't seem to locate in local stores... and we are nearly never disappointed."
An easy read that keeps your interest. The only thing that would have made this a better book would have been a little more detail about gatsby and Daisy's present relationship.
"Book arrived promptly.  Sadly, though presented as in GOOD condition, the book was EXTENSIVELY marked up.Reading through these distractions degrades my reading experience."
"This famous novel mixes a serious critique of the excesses of the 1920's Jazz age with a tragic tale of hypocrisy, jealousy, ambition and greed.  Narrator Nick Carraway views his ritzy neighbor Jake Gatsby with a mix of disdain and admiration.  Gatsby enjoys the good life of high society parties and fast living, plus pursuing a non-admirable woman (Daisy) who happens to be married.  Not surprisingly, events come to a head later in the book.  Author F. Scott Fitzgerald (1896-1940) had a strong feel for the excesses and hypocrisy of high society, and one suspects the story's modest anti-Semitism and racism reflect something Fitzgerald both disdained and indulged in.  Readers are advised that this book is better understood with a basic knowledge of the 1920's with its booming postwar economy, riches, prohibition, and new inventions.Some say the author was his own Gatsby, a talented young writer with a society wife (Zelda) whose fast living and alcoholism led to an early demise."
"Absolutely fantastic book. I had read it back in high school and reading it now, (22 yrs old) I appreciate and enjoyed it a lot more. Definitely recommend this fantastic story."
Fitzgerald writes a succinct account of the lives of the rich in the Jazz Age.  He paints a vivid picture of the excesses of wealth and the struggles of the wannabe newly rich.
My book club read this book in preparation of seeing the mobie.  We all felt it was extremely well written and enjoyed the story line.  It was definitely better than the movie.
"This is one of my all time favorite books!  I love that it has so many layers.  Each time I read it, I discover something new.  I'm so excited for the release of the new movie!"
Would not have purchased this if I didn't love it. Asking someone to rate purchases like this is kind of senseless . . . . 99% of others may not like anything I like . . . . .
"This book is a must-read!  I had to read it for my junior english class, and loved it!  You will totally get into the book, and it is easy to hate and love certain characters!"
Read this book in high school but I enjoyed it enough to buy it afterwards.  Most people call it a love story but it's about hypocrisy in the 1900's.  Definitely a must read.
This book is a true classic. I reread it before the movie came out with Leonardo DiCaprio and it's still a great book. Lots of metaphors and ironic moments just like in life.
I choose this rating because I liked the book.  My likes are the character's and the plots within the book.  I didn't like. the ending of the book but it was still very good.
"Bought for my daughter for school, and as a primer to seeing the new version of the movie.  A great read, which is why it's on so many read lists for schools, I suppose.  :-)"
I remember why I didn't like it in high school.  The characters have no substance.  Not much of a plot.  I did enjoy the description of Gatzby's house when there was a party.
"This novel is a fine example of lyrical beauty in literature.  Many themes are presented, but my favorite is the contrast of the social classes.  The very best of Fitzgerald."
The book is great the story simple but the character development is awesome. The description of life lived by the different types of people in different classes is remarkable
Great themes in this novel. It's a must for all lovers of reading. Some people don't like it the first time around...give it a second chance and I guarantee you will love it.
"THESE ARE THE KINDS OF BOOKS I REGRET HAVING READ IN HIGH SCHOOL. HOW CAN YOU APPRECIATE ANY OF THESE BOOKS AT FIFTEEN?  I THOROUGHLY ENJOYED THIS ""SECOND"" READING."
The book had a link to a past when my mother was a young woman. the story took place on Long Island where I used to live. I also enjoyed the writing of F. Scott Fitzgerald.
"Wonderful classic.  A bit difficult to understand, but well worth the read.  Why are so many words required to make a review.  I said I like it.  Why can than not be enough"
"Any edition of The Great Gatsby is a literary treasure. For those who have never read this masterwork, they are missing out on one of the most enjoyable books ever written."
Really loved it! I watched the movie first and wanted to somehow make the wonderful effect of it last longer soo I read the book and it really did the trick. Great book :))
It took awhile for the plot to get going. The last three chapters were exciting. Beautifully written. Fitzgerald certainly has an artistic flare for putting words together.
A good read.  There where parts that were hard to follow if you did not have the characters figured out.  I will probably 're-read to get more familiar with the characters.
My daughter had to purchase this book for her literature class. I had never read this book and so I thought I would read it. This is one of the best books I have ever read.
RIP OFF!!!!  I was expecting to receive a hardcover with classic blue cover as advertised - instead I received a very low quality news print paperback with a cheesy cover.
I think most classics are boring but this one isn't. Gatsby still relates to life today. The things people will do for their love. Definitely deserving of being a classic.
"Flowing words of Fitzgerald create an endless visual of life in love, love of life. Th beauty of romance in a simpler time does not fade when it is read over and over again."
Read it. 'nuf said.I could not help but feel so strongly for the protagonist and the title character is one of those who make a book so that it is unputdownable.
"There are many fine storytellers, both past and contemporary. With most of the reading public careful to make the best of limited reading time this isn't the best selection."
"One of my favorite periods. Good story, terrific escapism. Couldn't put it down once I started it. Suspense, murder, romance, fast cars and money. What more can you ask for?"
"I  enjoyed the character descriptions....they made me feel as if I knew the people. Surprised, but not surprised, at what I felt was not an entirely unexpected ending."
"While the stalking abilities of Gatsby are great, the other characters are very dry, bland, and quite dull. Maybe Hollywood can change them enough so that I enjoy the movie."
Classic read. Always great. Always wish for a different ending...  Can't wait to see the movie... High expectations....  What else can you say ...  Get a copy and read it...
This book gives you a realistic view of the American Dream in the 1920s.It is beautifully written and so terribly tragic.This book is beautiful and devastating.
"I was hoping it would of been the book that is pictured, but it was a different publisher who wrote dialogue before and after the book. Still great and fast service though!"
Great classic! Did not see the movie and this was on a read list when I was in high school( ages ago) but I did not read it then. Great choice with an easy to follow story.
"Granddaughter needed the book for a school class and we had such short amount of time and didn't have a book store to go to, so we turned  to you and you really came thru."
"I wonder why I never have read this classic novel before- of course I have seen the film, but first now come to read this splendid novel. It's hard to believe it's so old."
"I truly enjoyed The Great Gatsby it peaked my interest, found it to be entertaining. Suspenseful and intriguing I felt Iwas there upon the guest at Gatsby's parties."
Disappointed in this book.  Nothing really interesting in its contents.  I presume the movie has a lot of beautiful clothes and people otherwise the story is sort of dead.
My husband and really enjoyed listening to this book on CD.  What made it especially entertaining was how the narrator changed his voice for each character he was quoting.
It is everything you remember and more... Apropos to its own time and to ours.  Lyrical in both its prose and its subject matter.  Definitely worth the time and the money.
I never read the book but went to see the movie.  The book helped enjoy the movie even better. It helped me understand a couple of things in the movie I didn't understand.
The most beautiful and tragic of love stories. Classic. Emotional. Sad. Inspiring. Even more  lovable than the first time I read it as  I get to imagine Leo as our Gatsby.
Great Book! The publisher chose great finishing touches. It would be a great addition to anyones collection. Brings the 1920's atmosphere from the moment you open the book
"not only is the an incredible snapshot of the 20s, it is a haunting story that asks powerful, difficult questions that are still relevant. One of my favourite books, ever."
Fitzgerald perfectly personifies the emotions of love in Gatsby.  The way it can bring a person up with immeasurable joy and tragically break a person beyond repair. It's romantic and tragic.
"Even though the language might be a tad old fashioned, it's still a great read, not only from a literary perspective, but as a way to gauge the spirit of the 1920's, a time much like our own."
"Have avoided the movie before reading the book as advised by a number of friends. Have read about half-way through and lost interest. It's just not a page-turner. Good story, just not Great."
"Fitzgerald makes the characters and places real and visible, as if you were witnessing the event.  He keeps you interested from start to finish with no ""dull"" intervals. Great entertainment."
"It is no mystery as to why Fitzgerald and this story are known by the vast majority of readers. He takes imagery to a whole new level. If a bit pretentious at times, his style is refreshing."
"The movie plays widescreen and cuts people's heads off in scenes,especially Robert Redford's!  I have an awesome T.V. but I stiill couldn't make any changes with it.  Love the movie, though."
Didn't know much about Gatsby since I was born in the 70's and never was required to read the book in any of my high school or college courses.  I thought it was good.  Now reading the book.
"Great story, short, but it's one of those books I found myself reading over the same paragraph multiple times.  The language is rich but not recommended if you want a thoughtless beach read."
What's not to  love.  This is a classic story and made into movies many  times.  Hated the ending since I always like happily ever after and thought it was pretty sad for the main character.
"I enjoyed this book more now than I did years go,during my college American lit. class. I think because I am not a native young woman. I can better understand the dilemma of adolescent love."
Now that the new movie has come out its nice to see how close they stayed in the beginning even though the conclusion shifted.Lived up to what it was described as.
"The writing is beautiful. Not the type of book I usally read-- almost boring, but that said the writing and the words we're like no other book I have read.  A must read."
What can you say about a classic?  With all the hype from the movie this summer it was good to get back to the originial story.  A must read for any high school student.
I really don't understand what all the hoopla is about regarding this book.  But of course I wasn't alive in the 20's. But it is supposed to be the great American novel.
"Quite simply, the best crafted American novel. A brilliant work of art, spun around a core of disturbing emptiness - a deadness of significance as pure free-market love."
Loved his unique presentation of a thoroughly modern story. Totally enjoyed and highly recommend this classic. He captured a time in history that will never be repeated.
"Seriously, this is my favorite novel of all time. I can't MAKE you love it. Just read it. If you hate it, no worries. But I would be shocked to hear you didn't enjoy it."
"When I was in high school I had to read ""The Great Gatsby"" and remembered really enjoying it. Now, many years later, I didn't find it as engaging or interesting."
"My kiddo needed this for a reading assignment. I had seen the movie years ago. The book was more interesting than anticipated, and now I may have to pull out the movie!"
I am trying to read the old novels that are such an important part of our American literature.  This one was a real disappointment to me.  Guess I missed the symbolism.
It took awhile for me to get into the story but when I did I absolutely could not set the book down! I cannot believe it took me so long to pick this up but i'm glad I did now rather then later. Highly recommended!  :)
"This book is an amazing literary text! t's rich in the history of the 1920's and has a great story to it as well. I read this book years ago and still remember every part of it, this will always be a personal favorite!"
"Sometimes when I am reading a book I think, come on, you can read a bit more - it could be worthwhile - but when I am reading a good book I think' I must get to the end as soon as possibleThis was the case with Gatsy -"
"One of the classics... And let's face it, everyone needs this gorgeous literary masterpiece on their bookshelf. As well as being a remarkable novel, this product shipped very fact and arrived in the uppermost quality."
Reading again it after 40 years I'm not sure what all the hype was about. With all the high quality literature out there these days I doubt this book would have been reviewed with as much favor as originally received.
"I read this as part of Advanced English and didn't grip it. Many years later, my dentist, of all people, discussed his reading and not liking and re-reading of the book and only then did he get different glimmers of s"
Not a book I would want to read over.  I gave it this rating because it didn't get my full attention until I was haf way thru the book. It seamed to be very confusing keeping the characters straight at the beginning.
"Never read this in high school, now reading 20 yrs later since I learned a movie is coming out this summer.Great story-timeless. Great style of writing that draws you in, couldn't put it down. Quick read."
I knew the movie was coming out so I wanted to reread this story. It takes places where I grew up and I loved the description of Long Island. The characters were great. The drama exciting. It was a really good story.
Its wonderful to read this book immediately after reading A Tree Grows in Brooklyn for two different perspectives on New York at the time.  The movie for the Great Gatsby is coming out soon so re-read the orginial...
The great American novel. Don't let the overblown approach of the latest movie deter you. FSF still has a lot to say about us and the rich and famous who influence us.
"F. Scott Fitzgerald was a great writer.  While the story line of Gatsby is no longer fresh, the manner in which it was written is timeless.  It is a great work of art."
"Absolutely beautiful writing, I can not believe I have not read it before now.  It was a very good read.  A lot shorter than I expected, but I enjoyed it all the same."
"I read this book years ago and really enjoyed it. Fitzgerald is always one of my favorite writers. Although it was written long ago, the story is still relevant today."
"Great read and excellent story line. Really captures life in the 20's, Real life drama that draws you in to the characters lives, hopes and dreams and disappointments."
"Don't go by the movie; Fitzgerald's Gatsby is much more compelling and grand with a broken spirit under the guise of the ""American Dream"". Will love it always."
This book is a classic! One of the best written books I've ever read. There is a wide contrast in the characters. The vocabulary describes the setting in vivid detail.
Tragic but well written story. Fitzgerald is remarkably descriptive in his story telling. I started reading this book out of curiosity and this one did not disappoint.
"Was in perfect condition, and a very great price. I had to buy it for my honors program, but they were selling it for $15! This was a great deal and I was very happy."
reading in classroom context with guidance and structured lesson plans made this book enjoyable and enlightening. I would some significant details without assistance.
"The Great Gatsby is moving and absorbs you entirely. With Fitzgerald's view of the declining 20s, you follow an intense story packed with emotion. One of my favorites"
"I read this book in 9th grade and decided to re-read it once the movie came out.  It was better than I remembered, I enjoyed it again and understand why its a classic"
"LOVED re-reading Gatsby after all these years.  I had forgotten so much of it and truthfully, I think I didn't understand a lot of it when I read it as a young woman."
This is withe no doubt the best book I have ever read. I simply loved it! Its a great way to describe how desperately some want to climb the ladder of social classes.
I read it many years ago. I loved it then I still love it now. I wanted to read it because of wonderfull movie and I was not disappointed. Only thing it is too short.
"After watching this movie, I have interest in the book. Seller mailed out at the same day I bought this book. And the content is excellent, this book is worth to buy~"
"I haven't finished reading yet, but it's already been at the very least a 4 star story. Loved the movie, it was a classic and I look forward to watching Leo's Gatsby!"
Regardless of whether you like F.Scott Fitzgerald you'll find this period piece strangely contemporary.  A must read American classic!  The perfect gift for students!
This is an amazing book. One that I will most likely come back to several times and read again. It was nice having the audio version of it to follow along with also.
"An incredible book, and a classic as well. Required by most high schools, it should be read by everyone. I prefer the book over the movie by far, but both are great."
Great book all around...the words just fly off the page into in the air of your imagination...you can see the scenes come to life as you read...wonderfully written!
When the movie came out I decided to read the book first.  It is a wonderful book with an ending I would not have expected.  I didn't go see the movie.  No need to.
"I'm so glad that I read this book before I saw the movie, better understanding to the movie, but there were parts of the book that were left out.  A fast good read."
"The re-release of THE GREAT GATSBY , prompted me to read this classic again.  I am so glad that I did!  Fitzgerald's use of language and story  telling is unequaled"
"All the hoopla about the latest film version of this American classic made me want to re- read  the book. It is so beautifully written, I recommend it for everyone."
"This book has stood the test of time - clarity of writing, plot and development of characters make it an excellent read.Can't wait for the new film version release."
Some books never get old and this is one of them. I remember when I first read this book in high school. It's strange that I can still rememeber every detail of it.
"This novel is timeless.  I never tire of the complex characters and the imagery Fitzgerald puts forth.  The setting can be switched to any era, not just the 1920s."
This was my second reading.  It is a masterpiece of writing that stands the test of time.  Great symbolism in a complicated love story.  Well worth the time spent.
I am still wondering why we had to read it in High School. The writing was wonderful. Re-reading it now  was so dated. I liked seeing the new movie version better.
Reread for the second and enjoyed it even more.  F. Scott Fitzgerald is a master of the written word and human emotions.  Recommended to all who enjoy bygone days.
"I read this novel my senior year of high school and fell in love with it. Beautiful writing, lush setting, heartbreaking characters - I highly recommend this book."
"Pleasant reading, nice structure, but the writing is excessively decorated with rococo romantic comparisons, which should be used sparingly (to my literary taste)."
Highly enjoyed this fantastic work of literature.Mr Fitzgerald knew his way with words.I'm glad to come across this book. Have to thank Mr Baz Luhrmann
It wasn't as good as I thought it was going to be for as classic. It started out great but then flat lined and didn't do much for me after that and I love to read.
"Great writing, imagery, metaphor and simile. Wonderful plot, sharp editing and characters beautifully encapsulated with a minimum of fuss and a paucity of verbage."
"Great classic literature. I never read this book in school, but read it along with my teenage daughter. I appreciated the book's story and glad I read it with her."
"A must read. The book moves along quickly. An interesting period when income tax didn't exist. Even though films were made of he book, it stays pretty true to it."
F. Scott Fitzgerald is an amazing writer! His writing techniques are phenomenal. The novel is well written. The best part is the hotel plaza scene! Simply amazing
I think this book is good because it has a lot of really good  interaction with each character and is made built and created for a man\woman with great character.
I was giving a secobd reading of Gats after s very long time. It is like having been a part of the personal lives of the characters. Excellent characterisation. Almost epic proprtions
"I purchased it, have not yet watched it but heard that it was a good movie ~ I am sure everyone else is correct but make up your own mind ~ I want to see it before the summer is over."
"Years after my first exposure to Gatsby it felt like I was reading it for the first time. We all need to learn from this clasis, especially if you appreciate storytelling at its best."
"This book is a very well written classic, though slow at points, it is a fun and exciting depiction of the time and is a must read for regular readers, think it'll make a great movie!"
"I love, love, love this book! It takes me back to a time in history that I ve always found fascinating. It's a love story and a social commentary and it's themes still resonate today."
I found the characters and Nick's observations about the other characters to be very endearing! I think it's an interesting look at that time period and people's philosophies on life.
"This is the best book I've ever read, captivating, entertaining, and recommend watching the movies after reading as well. Great, great read. Definitely up there with the Hunger Games!"
The Great Gatsby was by far one of the best books I have ever read. I recomend this book to people of all ages. The book itself is easy to understand and has great character analysis.
"while this is routinely advertised as the greatest american novel ever written, I was not impressed. I enjoyed it while reading it but I retain and remember absolutely nothing of it."
Beautifully written. No wonder it's one of the greatest American novels of all time. Fitzgerald can express things effortlessly that I've always noticed but never can put into words.
"this is one of the best books i have ever read. it is a fantastic voyage into another time and place, and will sweep you away. fitzgerald tells of a way of life."
"A boring book about bored rich people, not to mention contrived. I imagine it would have made riveting reading at the time for the very people it tries to depict"
"I thought it depicted weak, self indulgent people enamored with .their own feelings and desires..  It was an age of artificiality which I find very unappealing!"
"I ordered this book with the blue cover and eyes but was sent a book with a young woman on the front of it.  It's OK, book is the same inside and it's a classic"
"This is such a fun book to read. It is short, yet fits a lot of story and details into it. It is very entertaining, and a book you can read over and over again."
Book was in excellent condition and arrived quickly and undamaged. I would recommend this product to anyone who needs a copy of the book for school or pleasure.
"While this novel was written in 1925, it reads with the faster pace of modern novels and still has a plot and structure that is very much alive in modern times."
Can't believe I read this in high school! Really remembered little of the actual story. It was a worth while read. Enjoyed the story even more this time around.
Fitzgerald uses chilling prose as if he knew you personally. You become immersed in the story of Nick Caraway and his affairs with New York's wealthiest elites.
I chose the five star rating because this book has so much meaning in multiple ways. The way the characters developed is in the way that most characters should.
What a writer. Had to read this book in HS and still remember it as an extremely well-written piece of work.  The clarity of the author's writing is incredible.
"I love this book, it starts off kinda slow and weird, but towards the middle the book gets really good and the ending had me feeling bad for all the characters."
"Fast shipper, as described Fast shipper, as described Fast shipper, as described Fast shipper, as described Fast shipper, as described .v.v. .f. . .f.v. .f.v. ."
Excellent critical essays with much to learn from Harold Bloom who wrot the introduction.  This book was essential to me as I wrote my paper on the Grat Gatsby.
"The use of language n words, the pure art of it, is so impressive. Beautiful extraordinary book n I personally think each one of us should read more than once."
different cover than the one pictured. if you need this for school the page numbers are different than the actual book that is pictured. therefor don't get it.
No matter how many times you read this work you are still spellbound by the prose and its beauty. Continues to be perplexing and enlightening at the same time.
The book itself was for school and it turned out to be cheaper than my school. The story line is decent but I never finished it and it was in perfect condition
I was required to read this in school so I bought this so I could annotate it. The book was slow and a little confusing in some parts but over all pretty good.
I am certain I read this book in high school but after I watched the newest movie I wanted to reread the book. I forgot how the movie really followed the book!
I recently re-read this for the first time in 20+ years.  I had forgotten how beautiful Fitzgerald's writing is.  What a wonderful glimpse into the Jazz Age...
absolutely amazing book. i read it in high school and chose to read it again right before the movie came out. i might even read the book again. its a must read
I read this book in high school and decided to read it again before the new movie. Still as wonderful as before!!! A great classic and very worth your while!!!
I read this story in middle school. Enjoyed it then...still enjoyed I now as an adult too! Good entertaining read! Looking forward to seeing the new movie too.
This novel is a great tale of love gained and lost and the thrilling adventure the journey of love can bring one through. GREAT classic worth the time to read.
"I actually read this book in high school, but bought it on my Kindle to read before the movie was released. Again, I fell in love with it. A classic must read."
I read the book for the first time as I heard there is to be a new movie.  I am looking forward to the movie and how it deals with the well written story line.
"I enjoyed the book but not sure what the accolades are about.  I do, however think it will make a great movie see how all the party scenes are brought to life."
I was actually surprised how much I enjoyed this book. I went into this book not knowing  much about it and I actually loved it. A beautifully written classic.
feel that the sentences may go on and on and on sometimes but I could not stop reading! Have wanted to read this my entire life and have not been disappointed.
"I read it because it is a classic that I skipped as a student earlier in life. I kept waiting for something to happen, and it never did. The story just ended."
Wordy like many classics. Sometimes I wonder how books acquire their status  as a must read .it was ok but not something that I thought was awesome as billed.
This is a classic and picking it up after 20 years re-reading it was new again.  It was good to read again before seeing the most recent re-make of the movie.
"One word comes to mind in describing this book: bittersweet. It's considered a classic for a reason, and at only 180 pages, you have no reason not to read it."
"I bought this for my granddaughter and she hasn't read it yet, but I know when I read it I liked it.She has been watching scenes from the movie and wanted it."
"Although the writing style is such a classic, the storyline was too hard to follow as a casual reader that only sits and reads for 15 to 30 minutes at a time."
I wanted to reread this one since the new movie was coming out.  It was a great story.  I had forgotten some of the details since my last read in high school.
Re-read this classic to be prepared for the movie.  Though the setting is many years ago...the lessons taught are the same.  This classic will never be dated.
"The story is obviously a classic. A short, quick read, but it has very deep concepts & thought-provoking themes. The actual book was in great condition."
I really enjoyed reading this amazing classic novel. It was a beautifully written story even if its a bit tragic as well. I'm glad I took the time to read it.
"Eloquent, poetic, and painfully honest concerning the affairs of the heart. Also an interesting window into life in the 20's and late 10's. Thoroughly enjoyed this piece."
"Purchased to re-read before the movie came out.  Exactly as I remember as a kid, but now you know what was really going between the lines.  Easy to download to my Kindle."
"Purchased the book after seeing the movie with Leonardo De Caprio.  A wonderful look into the history of those rip roaring 20's!It is definitely a ""keeper""."
"I loved it , the 1920's happen to be my fascinationI'm very  pleased to see that the movie stayed true to the original storyBeautifully and tragically written"
I found this book completely overrated. I guess the writing style didn't suit me. Had to read it for my lit class in high school. I actually thought the movie was better.
I chose this rating because the writing is beautiful...The story is very dark and can't say I loved that but you can't beat a person who puts words together so perfectly.
It was a great in-depth book that made you rethink the high and glorious life of the rich. Things may look fantastic but the grass isn't always greener on the other side.
I read this book because the movie was coming out and I thought it would be dry and boring since it is older but it was very upbeat and exciting! I loved every part of it
The book is a fantastic quick read.  In about two hours I completed the entire book.  The story is wonderful and the deeper messages hidden within are applicable to all.
"Nothing is perfect.  I enjoyed reading this book after many years of hearing about it and now a recent movie.  Now, I intend to read a few more of the Fitzgerald novels."
"Fitzgerald's best story, set in New York during prohibition era and published in 1925.Still feels fresh today. All about greed and poor Gatsby ends tragically."
This book really is a timeless classic. I enjoyed it immensely. It truly portrays the unobtainable American Dream and the lavish lifestyles of the lite in the 1920s.
"One of the best novels of all time. I really like this version of the novel. I have other, different copies in paperback but thisis the best one in my opinion."
The book arrived in time to meet our instructor's deadline.  The book was in perfect condition.  I recommend this store highly to anyone.  I am completely satisfied.
I realize this is considered by a lot of people to be Fitzgerald's Magnum Opus.  But I just thought it was a little boring.  I can't write a lick so who am I to say.
I read this book 15 years ago in highschool and I did not understand or enjoy it any more the second time around. But if you find it interesting by all means try it.
"Now I want more books of this caliber. The imagery, the way the story unfolds, the characters and how they weave into each others' lives. Man, this was a great book."
I chose this rating because this book really surprised Me. It was extremely interesting and full of detail. I highly recommend this book to anyone who loves to read.
Fast delivery! Procrastinated on buying it but I needed it for school so it was great when it got delivered super fast! And for a great price! Really good book too!
"Great!! Jjust like reading the actual book. ;) easy to follow and structured very well.Supercailfragilisticexpialidocious!Awesome, extravegent  & great!"
"Most unusual characters , I enjoyedthe story very much, I never knew what would happen next. An unexpected train of events and outcomes.I recommend the book,"
The best American book I've ever read. Every decade that pass it becomes more true and more important. My favorite book at 18 and my favorite book now at 30.
"Easy to read, great and timeless plot, memorable characters, and an epic bittersweet tragedy. I normally don't seek out the classics but this one is special."
"How very interesting!  Could hardly put it down, don't know why I didn't get to read it in school. Painted a very colorful picture of his life in those times"
"I don't get it.  Everything about the purchase was great.  I just don't get the story.  I watched the movie and felt the same way.  Great movie, story is eh."
"I know I bought it used, but I was so upset to see how much the book was written in. Ever page is covered with notes from the person that owned it before me."
Haven't read Gatsby since high school.  Enjoyed it more than I did then.  Won't go see the movie because it would spoil the wonderful language of Fitzgerald.
I wanted to re-read Gatsby before I saw the Film (I first read Gatsby in 1964.  I finished it in two and one-half days.  It was way better than I remembered.
I be never. read the Great Gatsby in high school like many people. This was a great story made even more wonderful by F. Scott Fitzgerald 's amazing writing.
Always fun to reread a classic. Hopefully the movie does it justice. It's pretty crazy how relatable this book is today considering its almost 100 years old.
"This is simply an Amazing classic... Great book every time you read it, just read it again after a couple of years and it was even better than the first time"
I used this CD to supplement student read-alouds in my high school English class.  Muller is an excellent reader -- he really brings the characters to life.
"even if this may be required reading in many schools, don't let that put you off. It's a hugely enjoyable book."
"I never read this in high school, but after seeing a few references to it, I decided to read it.  A great story with a message that is still relevant today."
Great book classic!!!Must have on your shelf!Page turner!!!!Great vacation read!!!!Must pay attention to beginning chapters to understand the end chapter!!!
This is one of the required reading assignments for my Son's AP class. Shipped quick and is a great book if you haven't read it. Much better than the movie.
"Good, but not my kind of book.  I don't really enjoy reading about emotionally sick people.  Doesn't mean others wouldn't enjoy it; kinda like a soap opera."
What's left to say other than the movie was lousy. Everyone says the book is a classic so let it be or we will confuse English literature classes for years.
"I've read this several times since high school, and passed it on to my mom and sister who both loved it.  It is a classic that I think everyone should read."
My granddaughter recommended that I read this book. She loved it. She is so excited for my feed back.  It is a book that must have no interruption. Awesome!
I had to read this book for reading class and I was pleasantly surprised it gives wonderful details and has a great storyline. Well done F. Scott Fitzgerald
Read it. The book is short and the story timeless. It is a great time to read this book since another movie version will be out soon with Leonardo DiCaprio.
"Even though I have not gotten very far in the book, the quality of the book is brand new, it has a decent price, and it came in the mail just in a few days."
"I know it's an American classic but the author used to many flowery words trying to great poetic beauty - just overdone, it did not make i any better read."
This is not one of THE Best American novels for nothing.  Money where it lives for the old and mysteriously nouveau riche.  Observed by the guy next door..
"I have read this book at least 3 times over the years and never tire of it. The writing is great, and it takes you to a very different time in our history."
"I read this book before the movie came out and I cannot believe I hadn't read it before.  I love the way this book was written.  Obviously, it's a classic!"
"""Mom I need the Great Gatsby book for my English class."" Thanks to Amazon I was able to grab one. I hate teenage last minute needs but this helped."
F. Scott Fitzgerald at his best. This is a love story and how far you would go for it. I felt like I was there. I could feel the jazz pulsating in the air.
"Such vivid imagery and characterisation. Highly recommended reading. The themes in this book are still frighteningly relevant, despite the passage of time."
"This was my first time reading The Great Gatsby.  I knew I was going to see the movie and wanted to read the book first, which in  my opinion is always better.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book!"
"I think the top reason to read this novel is the prose itself, not the storyline or the historical insights into the Jazz age. The only disappointment for me was that it was such a quick read."
"A classic, beautiful tale of elusive dreams - I didn't expect to love it as much as I did, especially with nearly a hundred years separating me from the Jazz Age. Cannot wait to see the movie."
"I read this for book club.  I can't believe it's a classic...I thought the characters boring, unsympathetic and one-dimensional.  It gave a fair description of what I imagine the era was like."
"After a lifetime of hearing references to this novel, I finally sat down and read it.  From start to finish, this book was fascinating; at times mysterious, humorous or tragic.  A joy to read."
"This is another book u purchased for my daughters required reading for school. And again, I didn't read the book, nor do I plan on it, but it came in super fast- WAY before it was expected!😏"
"I love this story. I have a friend who thinks this is the greatest love story ever written-I feel sorry for her as she clearly does not know what love is, or what this book is actually about."
"Given the reputation of the author, I was expecting a better flow, a stronger plot.  Fortunately, the prose was not to the point that I gave up on it, but I was glad when I finished the book."
"I had never read this book, so when the movie came out, decided I needed to read it before I saw the movie.  Don't think I read the first chapter.  Couldn't get it and will not see the movie."
I would like a literature class to discuss the ideas presented.  It seemed there were themes missing that could have been more developed; maybe we were to develop them based on our own lives.
I enjoyed this read very much. I loved the colorful characters & twist to the story. It made me think this book would be very enjoyable in a movie format.
FOR YEARS I'VE BEEN MEANING TO COM;PLETE MY READING EDUCATION BY READING THIS FAMOUS BOOK.i'M GLAD i Did though it is not  a favorite of mine.
"A friend recommended this to me and I am glad he did. It was a bit slow in the beginning but after I was halfway through, I understood why it's a classic."
This is a quick read for someone who is planning to see the movie.  Fitzgerald could have provided more over-the-top examples on how the ultra rich lived.
"if the book doesn't immediately grab you, it soon will.amazing.  too bad that in his time, fitzgerald didn't get the credit he so richly deserved."
"The book was awesome, It really showed the life in America in the 1920's. I'd recommend it to people interested in drama and 20th century writing styles."
"Fitzgerald perfectly captures the shallowness of the ""Jazz Age"".  It has been well said that ""It's not what you have.  It's who you are."""
"In the beginning I wasn't sure what I had got myself into, but as I kept  reading the book really pulls you in! It is very interesting! I enjoyed it :) ."
"Great story.  I found the characters came to life.  I am amazed by the detail of the story.  I wonder if F. Scott Fitzgerald was Gatsby himself, Old Boy."
This is an American classic. Strongly suggested for readers of any age. The wording is somewhat difficult to comprehend without the help of a dictionary.
The Great Gatsby was one of the most beautifully and poetically written books I've ever read. Every sentence could be it's own quote and be beautiful alone.
I'm a 15 year old girl and I read this book for entertainment it took me awhile to get into it but then after awhile I was completely and utterly intrigued.
"A great story. Exciting time period, a look into the life and tragedy of the very wealthy. Daisy chose safe and secure over what was probably her soul mate."
I read this book when I was younger and found that during this second reading I had a better idea of the story line. I now look forward to seeing the movie.
"The tone and perspective of the author made the story, and made it timeless. i suppose in the age of the 1% and 99%, it has its direct application, as well."
"Read it and then see the movie if you can.  I read this long ago when I was so young, and it means so much more to me now.  Well worth your time to revisit."
Compelling as hell dark as hell an a great read murder affer s an drinking this book is never doll an more then lives up to its legacy an was worth the read
"I am about halfway through the book at this point but it is a good read so far.  I am very much enjoying being able to read it on my phone, very convenient."
"I had to read this book for a report in a class and I didn't think I'd like it as much as I did. actually I thought I'd hate it, but it was good, 4-5 stars."
I was very surprised at how great this book looked. The outside was practically flawless and only a few pages were bent. Definitely satisfied with my order.
"Classic,  book that you can read more than once. Takes you back to a different era, one where the clothing and music and money were of a different style."
"Enjoyed this. Rich, colorful writing and a story that has never been told. Turns your stomach reading of the purposeless, self indulgence of the wealthy."
"Excellent read. Finished it in two days. Exciting, humorous and a page turner. Makes you want to be there. Book ends and itsUnsettling but so good."
"The Great Gatsby is a book of interesting tales, fun charecters and great moral outcome.  To find out what really happened to Gatsby you have to read it."
"A classic is a classic is a classic. There's no disputing why people still read this great American novel, and I was moved this time around more than ever. I originally read this work in college, and only mildly ""got it"". Actually, I wondered what the fuss was all about, but maturity brings wisdom and reading this now, in middle age, makes all the difference. Actually, in today's terms, Gatsby is the 1 per cent. (Need I say, this read couldn't be more apt due to one of the presidential candidates?) The prototype could not be better. Both Gatsby and his wife, Daisy are so shallow, not minding the eventual fate that meets them.  Of course, Nick Carraway is a great witness to that demise. Written in the 1920's, it proves classics remain this way for a reason: good story matters. Good characters matter. Only so many books today meet the test."
This book deserves its status as a classic. Knowing the history as I do it's truly sad that he didn't get recognition for his greatness in his own time.
Short and sweet. Very enjoyable read. Nothing wrong with the copy I read. Probably more relevant for people who are less greedy than they are romantics.
"Felt like I had to make myself finish it, rather than feel like I couldn't put it down.  Not assigned, just felt I would benefit from reading a classic."
A wonderful reread of the classic novel of the 1920s.  The reread readily sparked new dimensions of the novel that were missed during the first reading.
"Not only do I love the story of Gatsby, but it was quite nice to words and places explained and it will be quite helpful in high school English classes."
"I had never read this book or seen the movie until I bought it for my Kindle. Now I understand why it is referred to so often.  However, I didn't like the ending."
"Fitzgerald's true masterpiece on the death of the American dream. Should be read many times to get the multiple layers of American history, identity, and culture."
I had a hard time getting into this book but wanted to read it before I saw the movie. I forced my way through at least the first half. Then it got more exciting.
Just an amazing book for reading at a young age. Its a quick book but you just want to read more and more- thanks stephen colbert for recommending it!
Our book group was reading this book.  I purchased it used and although many notes were written in it it was readable.  We had a wonderful discussion of the book.
The dialogue was wonderful - noticed in both this year and l974 that the movies used quite a bit of the book's words.  Fitzgerald should have been given a credit.
A great classic about the period! Well written as expected and highly recommended to readers who are looking for a trip into the culture of the twentieth century!
Anyone whose read this book will know what I mean.  Fitzgerald uses his superb writing skills to create a perfect dialogue and plot.  A must for any avid readers!
"Jay Gatsby is deeply in love with a woman named Daisy.  In an attempt to win Daisy over, Gatsby moves across the harbor from her and her husband Tom.  By moving across the harbor, Gatsby hopes to lure Daisy to come to  one of his huge parties held during the prohibition.  The narrator of the  story, Nick, Daisy's cousin, moves next door to Gatsby.  When Gatsby finds  out that they are cousins, he gets Nick to invite Daisy and Tom to one of  his huge parties.  When they finally meet, Gatsby and Daisy rekindle an old  romance. Conflict is a main literary element that is used in this  story.  Gatsby is battling with society because he smuggles alcohol to earn  money to impress Daisy.  He thinks that if he has money that she will come  back to him.  He is using illegal means to try and get money to impress  her.  Even though this was during the prohibition, Gatsby still manages to  get alcohol."
I love the book in the sense that the characters are so relatable in the smallest ways. My only complaint was Gatsby's death. It should have been more honorable.
I absolutely love this book!! I purchased it for class but I am happy that I kept it for myself. It is a beautifully tragic love story that is a must-Read!
Fitzgerald's characters were a little underdeveloped and far too self-centered. But maybe that was the roaring twenties. An OK book and over quite quickly.
"Obviously this book is a classic, I love the melody of words he wrote throughout the whole book it's got a powerful meaning in it and still is a must read!"
"The story was full of developing characters such as Nick, Daisy and Gatsby.  It had romance, mystery and intrigue.  The shallowness of their lives was sad."
I read it in anticipation of the film and it did not disappoint. Still haven't seen the movie but I'm wondering how close they stay to the source material.
i have nothing bad to say about this book its really dry.  just as i remember it from high school.  but the delivery was prompt and faster than i expected.
I love this story. It's so well written and beautiful and horrible. I feel bad for Gatsby but at the same time I want to slap him and tell him to wake up!
Read for first time and amazed how much I enjoyed it.Excellent characters and vacuous pampered selfish people.  Worth the time to read this classic.
I can't rate the book as  it was for  my son for his summer reading for high  school.  But it  was fast delivery and the  book was in excellent condition.
It had been years since I had read so was interested in doing so in light of the recent movie which I have not seen.Prefer the Version with Redford.
"After reading the society driven best sellers, this book was pure pleasure. Although slightly dated, the story is still compelling and beautifully told."
"A must read. Read in high school, due to the film release I was encouraged to re-read the book. Easy to say it is more enjoyable the second time around."
"A classic American novel. Essential reading for anyone who likes a well written, heartbreaking story. Read it if you haven't; read it again if you have."
I'm sure I read it while in high school (over 40 years ago!) but didn't remember a thing!  What a good book!  Lots of mystery and character development.
"A required read for good reason. FSF leaves you feeling AA though you participated in the times. This is my second reading, an it was better than first."
"I read this book in high school, and didn't truly grasp the beautiful words of Fitzgerald. This novel is a true classic whether you read it at 15 or 35."
It was good I hated the ending though!!! I wish it had been different! Stories like Jun e thus make me sad. I like happy endings but it was a good read.
I was completely underwhelmed by this book; thank goodness it was short. The best part was listening to Anthony Heald narrate in this audiobook version.
"This book was for my son that was reading it at school, It is a great book, full of excitement. The book was shipped quickly and was in great condition."
A classic story set in the unforgettable roaring '20s. I love the imagery and the sometimes quirky characters. Can't wait for the new movie to come out.
"This is a classic!  Mr. Fitzgerald is fantastic writer and the story is superb.  Even if you have seen both movies, it is worth reading this classic!"
This book didn't have much happen in it but it was still interesting. I think it was a good book. I recommend it. Fitzgerald has a nice writing style
"I read it twice.  The first time, to see what the movie was about,  the second time, to see what I didn't pay attention to previously.  I enjoyed it."
"I don't think I ever read this classic.  It was beautifully written and I enjoyed reading about the era.  It was a sad story, of opulence gone wrong!"
"Life in full color.  Romance, mystery, decadence, murder, breathtaking literation.  Best re-read in a long time.  I would highly recommend this book."
"Love this book, always have. Felt like being back in high school. A must read  each summer! Interesting how ones philosophy changes through the ages."
I finally read this book after years of having it on my list. Rich and delicious language envelops you from beginning to end. I'm positively smitten.
"Have read/reread/taught this piece of ""poetry"" over last four decades and it only gets better with Time.  Certainly Fitzgerald's Masterpiece."
An enjoyable quick read.  You will fall in love with  the characters.  Great storyline and wonderfully written.  A must for every library collection.
An excellent book with great imagery. It holds your interest from beginning to end.Fitzgerald is one of the great literary writers of this era.
"I had recently  watched the newest film for this book, it was so great that my curiosity got the best of me and I had to read it! This book was fantastic! Even better than the movie!"
It's not the picture shown. I was very angry and disappointed. That's me going cheap. I ended up with some cover with Daisy instead of this blue face original. Off to Target and 20$.
After the movie  I wanted to read the book.  The movie did follow the book fairly good .  The end after his death was more informing and that is what I wanted.  I read it in one day.
Did not have maturity when I read it  as a requirement in high school.  New release of film version inspired me to re-read and gained better perspective of Fitzgerald 40 years later.
"Classic that I had to read in class. Starts out kind of slow, but as the story progressed, I got more and more drawn into it. By the end of the story, I was hooked and wanting more."
The writing is confusing a bit but i absolutely adore this book. It had an eloquent style to it and give a lovely description of the places and such. It is definitely worth reading.
"Wonderful copy. If you're looking for introductory material, skip this copy and pick up the larger hardback copy with the Matthew Bruccoli introduction and end notes. It's worth it."
"Every Thursday evening, my family has reading night and our son recommended The Great Gatsby. I am glad he did _ it is a great story, very well written, and I thoroughly enjoyed it."
I've read this book several times over the last ten years.  It is a great book.  It definitely calls to question how right or wrong a person is based on his/her actions and motives.
Absolutely loved this book and would definitely read it again! I listened to the narration while at work and it was so good that it kept me from not staying focused. Wonderful read.
"Read once in college but I wanted to re-read it since they were remaking the movie... didn't find anything wrong with the text, no typos or anything."
This book is everything people say it is. A beautifully sad and thrilling love story. I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a captivating read.
"I was skeptical about finding an Everyman's edition of Gatsby, but it was indeed accurate.  Very happy to have a copy to go in my Everyman's Library."
"I did not like this book at all. I know it is a classic,but not for me.  All that happens is that they have parties gfet drunk and have another party"
"i read this book my sophomore year in highschool. i loved it. it is one of the best books that i've read that depicts the ""american dream."""
"This is a good book but not a great book. After deciding to go back and read some of the classics I fell upon ""The Great Gatsby"". The problem I have with this book is it leaves to much up in the air and you  want to know more. You get a feeling for the 20's but not much since this  is such a short novel and very little is written describing the 1920's  parties and events. The people seem interesting at first but you never  learn anything of value about them and why they are in their current  condition. After reading 1984 and Slaughter House 5 I was enthralled by  their charters and their situation but that just didn't happen here. Maybe  Fitzgerald is showing how shallow the 20's era and people are bye making  everything so empty and non-descriptive but that doesn't make for great  reading by my standard."
"I place my order on a Tuesday, by that Thursday I was receiving a text from amazon that the (25) books were on their way! I recieved them on Friday!"
Recently watched the newest Great Gatsby film and wanted to compare the film production with the images evoked within the head of a reader. Spot on!
Love this book!! And the fact that it's a paperback copy is awesome!! It is exactly like the movie so I can picture what is happening as I read it!!
I appreciated the descriptive writing. I found the images created were powerful. I think there is a strong message in this book about our times now.
It was nice. I still dislike Daisy intensely and I don't understand why we weren't required to read this in high school like everyone else....Maybe I skipped that week.
"I loved the original Gatsby movie so much that I wanted to read to book.  It's an easy read, but knowing the movie so well, I picture everything in the book so vividly."
This is not a modern novel and its style is somewhat dated but it was an interesting read nevertheless giving an insight into one of the USAs great fictional characters
Far richer and more complex than I remembered reading decades ago - worth the read again. Beautiful writing you seldom get to savor these days. A true reading pleasure.
This is a perfect example of what happens when greed and love combine into one. Amazing plot twist and passionate at times. Throughout the book Gatsby was at his prime.
I guess I didn't have respect for literature the way I do now when I read this in HS.  I really liked the authors writing style... Can't wait for the movie this summer!
"I don't know why I decided to read this, I don't even know if I read it in HS, but as an adult the nuances of the book are much more relevant.  This is a timeless read."
Brings back memory of reading in High School.  I have very different recollection of the story from the view of a teenager vs a grown adult.Still a classic.
The book arrived in paperback not the hard cover we ordered.  Very small and light text.  The image on the cover was not the same as what we received.  We will return.
"Oh Gatsby and Daisy what a mess, but how we love your story! Fitzgerald created this classic with the 1920s backdrop and all the elements that make a great soap opera."
This is a classic. In the beginning the characters seem to be living pointless lives. In the end it all comes together in a big self-destructive wave.
Great American classic novel that is written very well with significant meaning to the text. Also many important themes that the reader can relate to.
I now know why Gatsby is such a classic!  Great read...solid character development....wish there was a sequel  This  book should be  required reading.
I thought the book would be great and wanted to read it before I saw the movie.  Very disappointed in the book because it wasn't terribly interesting.
"This book is a great book to read. It is more in depth than the movie and if you loved the movie, then you will definitely fall in love with the book."
I enjoyed the book though the characters within it often made me cringe.  I've recently seen the most modern remake of the movie which I also enjoyed.
I thought this was a decent book and worth reading.  I felt that the plot was all about guessing how great Gatsby was and a little short on substance.
Interesting but not my cup of tea. I'm still excited for the movie though! Some parts were very good while others were dull and sounded like ramblings
"I read this because of hearing about it for many years.  I seen many of lifes lessons in it, but just not my kind of reading.  Not bad writing though."
I love this book. But the texture of the cover is odd. It's a personal preference for myself but it just feels odd. Kinda like fine grade sand paper.
this book was a hard read and difficult on to follow. I am glad I read it and would recommend to someone else. Some of the classics are hard to read
I purchased this novel for my son for his english class.  I could not see renting the books when I could purchase them and keep them for future use.
"This is the best American book of the 20th century, yet its average review on Amazon is only 4 out 5, and many mysteries get 4.5? What an injustice!"
"I vaguely remember reading it in highschool. As an adult I love it, every word paints a picture of everything and more the author wants you to see."
A witty and  observant look at the rich and privileged of the early 1900's. Wonderful descriptions of New York City and the Long Island Gold Coast.
"Good read, interesting characters, plot and imagery. I enjoyed this book and would recommend it to others. (Holy cow, lots of words needed. Yikes.)"
A relatively short and enjoyable novel that I would recommend. It offers an excellent albiet brief look at early 20th century american litterature.
"Haven't read this since high school - wanted to remember the story.  Great book, obviously from a world famous author.  Glad I reconnected with it."
"Most of us read this book in high school. As an adult, I am glad I chose to reread it. It is a classic book and you can't beat Fitzgeralds writing."
"always nice to re-read this classic, especially around the launch of the movie. purchased the kindle version and enjoyed taking this read on the go"
"It is a great book, great condition Old Sport. Mailed fast as promised, awesome birthday present. Will enjoy reading after wife finishes the book."
The great Gatsby was an amazing book I loved it. Imagine throwing parties like that. I know that wasn't the point of the book but that is amazing.
The last time I read The Great Gatsby was 35 yrs ago in High School. A great book very much wasted on a 15 yr old. Definitely worth reading again!
"Beautiful, rich story-telling. Unrealized dreams, tangled, selfish paths of those born into chaos & glitter. What a magnificant story .... lovely."
"I enjoyed reading this again, sort of in prep to see the new movie version. It was great to read on my tablet while riding the train to/from work."
So well written of course by Fitzgerald and since this was my first read I was happy to see such possibilities of depth in analysis of each chapte
Enjoyed reading it again as had read it in an American Novel class in college. Won't see the movie though as I don't want to ruin my vision of it.
I love Scott Fitzgerald and this book is very interessting as well. I had been reading this book before I watched the film and I liked to compare!
"After reading spark notes in high school, I felt compelled to reread. It lives everywhere. Not the ending I expected, but fantastic none-the-less!"
"I 're-read this book in anticipation of the movie, and I definitely wasn't disappointed! Great quick read, and it is totally worth the clue hours!"
"It has truly stood the test of time. Such amazing characters and fluid storytelling. One of the ""classics"" that really deserves the title"
Enjoyed reading this after watching the most recent film rendition.  Quick read. Surprised Gatsby's character wasn't developed more in the novel.
"Since everyone else had probably already read this. the Kindle edition is great. But since I had not read it, I hated the ending. Classic or not."
"Bought for my daughter,it was a school reading assignment and was having a difficult time finding it locally.Recieved very fast and she loved it."
This book takes you on a journey with a man who is stuck in his years of figuring himself out. Truely a classic and  cant wait to watch the movie
Classic novel of the creed and corruption of the 1920's it may start off slow but about midway the pace increases till the heart wrenching ending
Fantastic book! Great quality. Shipped neatly and fast. Fit the description to an exact point. I would definitely recommend purchasing this book.
Very good book well written. One I will reread. Not for children. I read this in middle school and didn't understand all the adult complex lives.
Jay Gatsby's s ignorance when it comes to the rules governed by high society makes him the timeless model of all future characters of this genre.
"F. Scott Fitzgerald is an excellent writer; I got caught up in the words he used, his phrasing.  The story was good enough to keep me interested."
Awesome. Read it to stimulate my mind and imagination before going to bed at night. Takes all my focus off of life's stresses. Great all around.
A classic that everyone should read.Typical of much of society then and nowThe wealthy have power; the less fortunate still struggle
Same as the other books I reviewed. It was also made into a movie.Maybe it was good the year it was made but I really could not care less.
On time arrival and the book was immensely better than I had expected. Was so pleased to find a thorough intro at the beginning of the book too.
This book is a lot better than the movie! It has details the movie missed. Not nerely an assignment but an experience my teen will never forget.
"This novel stands the test of time, I bought it for my teens to read for school and they could not put it down. This book us highly recommended."
"Every couple of years I love revisiting this amazing novel, great American Literature is like that fresh and interesting throughout the years..."
I enjoyed second reading more than the first. Great use of dialog. An age remembered fondly. I still don't believe this to be his greatest work.
Timeless! my book club selected it as a classic work. we wanted to read anAmerican author and F. Scott Fitzgerald was an excellent choice.
What a wonderful book. The characters are strong and fierce. There is an emptiness and fullness which seems to be the very definition of gatsby.
If you don't fancy literature after this book then you never will. An American classic. All about what happens when idealism collides with conformity.
"I thoroughly enjoyed this book. It's a wonderful book, which I couldn't put down. Though it may only be a story of a man, he was indeed a memorable one."
"Good book for beginers or advanced readers,entertaining fiction with some social commentary of a past era mixed in as well .I wish I had read it sooner"
"This book a classic.  I'm glad I had seen the movie, so that it motivated me to buy the book.  And now I'm going to see it as a musical tomorrow night!"
Great book! Not something I would normally read but I highly recommend this book. Yes Leonardo Decaprio is hot in the movie but read the book first. :)
"I'm so addicted, in love, and obsessed with to the book, movie, and story. It is so perfect! I can not begin to describe how obsessed I am with this!!!"
Tim Robbins does an excellent job of delivering the true feeling of the text.  This is an extremely well done production and an excellent teaching aid.
"Somehow, I'd never read this back in high school. I wanted to catch up before seeing the movie. Cool visuals in the movie, but definitely a great book."
"As always, beautifully written. This classic never let's me down.  I try to read it at least once every year to remind me what real writing looks like."
"Fast shipping, great price , highly recommend . Another book for high school student . Recommend to all who have students its always nice to save money"
An entertaining read.An insightful glimpse of the characters and values of the period.Most enjoyable and well recommended. I enjoy it very much.
The book was older and had some writing on the inside but was in good shape. The cover art didn't match what I got but the book is all the same.
"I know that the upcoming film brought back the attention on The Great Gatsby, but It is an universal round story that might appeal to every one."
"This book is a classic, and I wanted to read it again because I saw the movie trailer recently! I can't wait to read another book by Fitzgerald."
"Book has some interesting parts, but I still dont get why this book is a classic. I just wanted to read it because the movie is coming out soon."
I wanted to re-read this after seeing promos for the upcoming movie. Haven't read this since high school. I liked it then and still like it now.
"Absolutely amazing, I bought it because I just recently watched the film. Though the novel really takes the biscuit. Loved it lived it loved it."
An incredibly rich and poetic piece of writing. Each time I revisit it I see something new. Fitzgerald a genius at the young age he wrote this.
"One of the best novels ever written. The new money Gatsby's futile pursuit of inclusion in the old money world of Daisy. Tom. Jordan, and Nick."
These books are beautiful! And the stories inside speak for themselves..*sigh* I love looking at all of them stacked together on my nightstand.
"I would say that love in the way portraited in this novel does not move me, I think this is a mature book from the author, beautifully written."
"Fitzgerald's use of symbolism and vivid characteristics of man are exemplary.Every time I see a green light in the distance, I think of Gatsby."
As a story I near thought I would like I was bewildered to find myself not wanting to put it down but to keep reading to see what happens next.
It is a reasonable accurate snapshot of the Flapper Era and the desperation of the underclass to reach for the gold ring on the merry-go-round.
This is a classic book and interesting to see The Gay 20s depicted how they were with the lack luster or decadence they provided in those times
Really enjoyed this book.  I llike F. Scottt Fitzgerald books.  Great works of literature.Seems hard to find this Genre of books  anymore
"I read this book a long time ago, and since the movie was coming out I wanted to reread it.  Fitzgerald is clever about not being too detailed."
Amazing book. Can't believe I didn't read it sooner. Especially already being a fan of This Side of Paradise. I recommend this book toeveryoney
It arrived on time and was in perfect condition as described.  I did not realize that it was a miniature edition but I am happy with it anyway.
I enjoyed this book greatly. It really tests your vocabulary and parts with your imagination. New I'm excited to go see how the movie compares!
It was ok?  It paints a clear picture of the time period but the story line is a little thin.  It was an easy read for the beach or on a plane.
Just about what I expected.  A mite over priced but good prompt service and condition.  If you have ebook reader I think I'd check there first.
This is the BEST book I have ever read in school! I just love the 20's and this book is so RELATABLE!!! Anyway...YOU NEED TO READ THIS BOOK!!!
This is a perfect example of that dangerous mix between blind hope and naiveness. The attribution of higher qualities to those whom we love...
"Spare, poignant, beautiful writing.A gem of American literature that absolutely should not be missed.Great to read on your Kindle."
What's not to like? it's the Great freakin Gatsby! the movie was amazing so I got the book for a friend to read. You will not be disappointed!
"It is amazing how a talented writer can turn a relatively simple story line into very readable literature. But, great literature; not so much."
A beautifully written book.  I loved it and subsequently saw the movie which did not disappoint. It was fabulous.I loved this book
"I've been a Gatsby fan since the first time I read it back in high school.  As a fan, there's no way I could rate this anything but fantastic."
"I just re-read this book, first read it long ago in high school. Truly a classic story, F Scott Fitzgerald has written a number of good books."
"The story was so beautifully told, i recommend you buy or borrow this book and start reading today or watch the movie(both different stories)"
"Love it! Great Book!cds were great, play and all !!This is really a great book.Gatsby should have bought a life insurance!!"
"The Great Gatsby is the perfect novel. It contains all elements that a reader seeks in the perfect book. Love, lust, murder and a good party."
The package shipped fast and in great condition. It's a must have classic and a good paperback version if you need to add to your collection.
"Read this before you watch the movie if you can. It is a great book to read, to me it's kind of a modern (back then) twist on Romeo & Juliet."
"This is American writing at its best. Fitzgerald is an amazing wordsmith that can make the glitzy, empty world of the rich very unattractive."
It is one of the greatest American novels ever written. Essential reading. I recommend this book to anyone who has read it to visit it again.
I decided to reread this with the onset of the new version of the movie out.I did not disappoint. I highly suggest this book to anyone.
"The size of the book is too small, not readable at all. I still want to read this book, so I am considering to order another one.Thanks"
"Yes, it's a classic but I was bored after 2 chapters.  Too descriptive, verbose, wordy and just lost interest.  Didn't like the movie either."
Re read this story after many years. I enjoyed it so much more than I did when I had to read it in High School. A quick summer read for sure!
"Read it because it is a classic, enjoyed the story, but the writing style was a bit difficult to understand since it was written so long ago."
"I wanted to read this book before going to see the movie and I'm glad I did.Nice quick read, Good plot and Character development."
"I am not a big reader, but I wanted to read this book before I watched the movie.  I am so happy that I got to enjoy this tragic masterpiece."
Fun and quick read with serious pain and underlying message. I enjoyed going back in time in culture in description of costumes and attitude.
"The plot was a bit light, and chronologicallychallenged, but the imagery he creates with his writing is fantastic.  Waiting to see the movie."
It was great to read a book with depth.  Fitzgerald was a hood writer because the vocabulary used made you think about what you were reading.
Pure poetry. Tragic in every beautiful sense. Intoxicating as summer honeysuckle. I can almost taste the emotions of this unforgivable novel.
I read this book years ago and I met it wonderful when I saw that Jake Gyllenhaal was the storyteller I want to listen to.he did a great job!
"I wanted to read before the new movie came out.  I know it is an old classic, but I had never read it.  It was easy reading and entertaining."
Very classic book.  It was a reread for me and a look back at a different age which turned out to be very similar to the class differences of today.
I bought this book because I realized I didn't have it in my collection. Loved re-reading this book! It's still just as wonderful as the first time.
"This book is still the ONE for understanding the mysteries of love, old and new alike will enjoy this! Highly recommend it. Read it today and enjoy!"
A great story. A slice of American history. Read it before seeing the new movie. They went together perfectly. Made me want to read more Fitzgerald.
"I enjoyed reading this, but, actually felt it should have, could have gotten deeper, given more of the characters.  Could have been a little longer."
"Fitzgerald's command and use of language is beautiful!  Want to read it again.  Transported me to another era in engaging, could-not-put-down prose."
"Not only is it useful for AP English Literature and Composition, it serves as a wonderful novel for analysis of the tragic hero. Highly recommended!"
"Great book, a classic. An in depth look at class, wealth, and the Roaring Twenties. A detailed look at love, affairs, and the tragedies that follow."
"Interesting  set of characters. I like the 3rd person narration.The movie looks much more ostentatious,  hope it didn't deviate from the book."
"Vivid imagery, vast landscapes, and mysterious characters make for an intriguing read. Although, a bit long-winded at times, still a fantastic book."
Reading for the second after High School and it is much more romantic and deeper than I remember it being! Also has a great sense of humor...
"I really liked this book. If you have ever seen the movie, it is almost exactly the same. A lot of times the book and movies do not correspond, but in this case, it is spot on. I love they quote parts of the book in the movie as well. The book is very well written, and if you like dramas or love stories then you will definitely love this story. I also enjoy reading a story that takes place in another era. The Great Gatsby takes place in the 20’s and that is one of my favorite era’s to read about. If you enjoy the 20’s as well, you will like this book. Lastly, the book has a lot of symbolism, which I love in books. There are a lot of good lessons that can be learned while reading this, and would be a great, fun book to read with friends. It is not a hard read at all."
"The Great Gatsby is one of the greatest American novels ever written. Much has been said of it supposedly chronicling the ""Jazz Age"", but I think the themes are much deeper, penetrating the heart of what it means to be an American.  The prose is near flawless, and the character of Gatsby is equally enigmatic and familiar.  The idea that America is a place where one can continually reinvent oneself and spin a life out of dreams is as prevalent today (maybe more prevalent) as it was in the 1920's. Gatsby's seduction by this myth and its tragic consequences shows Fitzgerald's complete understanding of the limits and and even dangers of such a romanticism. The themes aside, his command of words, paragraphs and structure is something that all writers aspire to."
I am absolutely obsessed with every part of this book. Each description and language use is carefully protrayed into a thorough masterpiece.
The voice of the reader was perfect.  I was not familiar with the story and really enjoyed my daily commute while listening to this classic.
Gatsby character under developed .. Tom Buchanan better visuallized.. Wilson Jordan also people are much more characterized and with depth .
Saw the movie and decided it was time to read this classic. I'm glad I did. Fitzgerald is a master of piecing the English language together.
It has different cover and size between the seller said. It's more smaller! I dont like this small one. Hope seller can change the picture:)
I watched the movie and I loved it. So I decided to read the book which was even better. I hope to read more of his material. Very good book
I loved Fitzgerald's descriptions of 1920s decadence.  The book shows that snobbery will always exist amongst the wealthiest of individuals.
Very good read.Loved this book in high school and now. Highly recommend. For any reader who likes to get lost in and relive the past.
Gatsby found the love of his life but this love was not returned.  The woman had no feeling or compassion.  The love of her life was money.
It's been ages since if read this book and its still as great as it was then.  This book is great with a glass of wine and a soft armchair.
"I hadn't read this growing up and finally did before I went to see the movie.  While it isn't the best book I've ever read, I did enjoy it."
"Very emotional.  How was a very lonely fellow.  You were drawn in from the start, to see and hope for happiness but it was not meant to be."
"Gatsby is an American classic for a reason.  The writing is superb.  The images everlasting, the critique of the American Dream is spot on."
A tremendous insight of a different time in the American experience.  Different language different views of the world.  Good to experience.
It's alright I kinda got bored but I can't wait for the new movie to come out #greatgatspyyoloswagforlife man I'm gonna ace my English test
The cover I received was different from in the picture but the book was in perfect condition and I actually love the cover I got even more.
I wanted to read this book before setting the new movie coming out this summer. I'm glad I did. It has a different rhythm and I enjoyed it.
"The book is a bit overhyped IMHO. It's very good but is too short for any real character development to take place. All in all, a good, quick read."
This book is a classic. I actually liked it when I read it for the 1st time in 7th grade & I still love it just as much now as then. A must read!!!
"F Scott Fitzgerald grabs you and throws you into an exciting world of greed, lust, wealth and carelessness. Amazing read and fantastically written."
"I fell in love with the book, it's truly amazing.Had Zero problems when receiving the book, and it arrived to me so quickly! Awesome Service!"
Best American novel of all time. Better each time I read it. I will continue to read this book once a year because I find something new every time.
"In this video review I give a plot synopsis, read a passage, and give my overall opinion of the book. More info at [...]"
"This book was a little difficult to get into, but once I got past the first few pages, I realized why it is called a classic.  It's just excellent."
"Wow. Age has nothing to do with appreciation of this novel. I had to read Gatsby last year, in the tenth grade, and I absolutely adored it. Fitzgerald did a wonderful job with this story. It is a light and simple  read, while at the same time an intricately crafted and beautiful story of  Gatsby, one of the most tragic and wonderful characters I have encountered  in my seventeen years of reading. This book is worth reading a few times  through. Thought-evoking, tragic, and beautifully written, it delivers a  tale with a message that you are bound to remember. Classic."
I never read Gatsby growing up so I finally wanted to. It's not the easiest to read but I thoroughly enjoyed the story. I know why it's a classic!
Great story that should be read by all! Loved the book and the 2013 movie as well. If you enjoy this book you should also read Great Expectations.
This book is known as one of the greatest in American history of literary works the book does cause to think analytically time to time but it's not in my top 10.
"Being an avid reader now, I enjoyed the story of mr gatsby and his little slice of the world and wish I would have read it in high school like I was supposed to."
"Classic story, great book, nice to re-read it again when it wasn't required for high school English class.  I would recommend it to anyone who has never read it."
I have always heard of this book and it is my first time reading it. If one word could sum it up AMAZING just impeccable writing of a time we don't have anymore.
"after all the hype surrounding the movie, I was surprised at how one dimensionable the story was.Could have been titled, ""Lusting for Daisy""."
A very simple little story that resonates with greater meaning. I read it as a kid and didn't really get it. I found it to be a different experience as an adult.
The story of Gatsby`s life and death are wonderful.  It shows us to work hard to achieve great things and appreciate them.  Life will be over before you know it.
I'm so happy that The Great Gatsby is number one on Amazon and has been for weeks. It's one of the few works that can be truly called 'The great American novel.'
"Was assigned reading many,many years ago.  Then it was something to get through.  This time it was to enjoy and savor Fitzgerald's telling of an unsavory people."
"Dramatic exposition of twenties jazz age America, a rise into mindless society in the get rich quick era.  Short and snappy but brilliantly portrayed characters."
"Fitzgerald captures  with perfection, the frenzy and selfishness of the Roaring Twenties. His characters capture the madness & regrets of the Jazz Age."
"and it didn't disappoint....delivered quickly and was a nice surprise for a friend who hadn't read it!! Now we can go see remake of movie, thanks again"
"Classic read...a little less than expected. Shallow, I guess I was left waiting for more personality? Wanted to read the book before I saw the movie..."
"Evocative of time and place, this classic novel shows the modern reader that although  clothes and fashions change the human mystery remains  constant."
"Didn't hold my interest. New movie version is easier to follow. I would not recommend for high school classes, but might be okay for a college student."
"Such a sad love story, I can't help but dream of a happy ending for Jay and Daisy. Enjoyed the book more now than when I had to read it in high school."
"Better than the movie. Fitzgerald's use of the langusge is in large part what makes this book a classic. The story itself is interesting, but not epic."
"It's been a great book, and I've enjoyed it.  The characters certainly come to life, and you can almost picture their clothing and all the backgrounds."
This is a great read. I purchased it from Amazon and it is a book that should be purchased and kept on your bookshelf.  You will want to read it again.
"I had been wanting to read the book since the movie, glad I did. I do like the ending of the movie better though, not everything has to be wrapped up."
Came in great condition. Was new I'm pretty sure. It came a little later than I wanted and no tracking information was a little annoying
"The book is good for students that are not native english speakers to practice their reading. And it is essentially a great one, indeed."
This book needs no introduction.  It's only one of the best books ever written - a sensitive and lyrical rumination on human weaknesses.
Very very captivating !! Loved it. Would recommend it to anyone thinking of seeing the movie ! Haven't seen it yet. But definitely will.
Enjoyed reading the Great Gatsby again! It was such a sad story but written well. I wanted to read it again before seeing the new movie.
A book you should re-read every so often to remind yourself how wonderful it is. The story is beautiful and tragic all at the sane time.
"Fitzgerald captured the events of those ""wild"" times.  Fun to read about the happenings of that generation.  How did we survive?"
"this book, The Great Gatsby is already a classic.  i have read it 3 times and each time I find more nuggets of thought and good writing."
This book is totally deserving of one of the best books ever written. The prose is magnificent. This book should be re-read once a year!
"This book, while not as good as Tender is the Night, is an exellent book.  It shows just how shallow the wealthy class was and still is."
I put The Great Gatsby on my Kindle and enjoyed reading it during my vacation at the beach.  I liked the unexpected twist of the story.
"Besides being dated, couldn't figure out why the narrator spent so much time with Gatsby when he repeatedly said he didn't like Gatsby."
Bought for my Grandson to read for school.  He enjoyed the book.  Was full of questions regarding the time period the book was written.
loved reading the book I have passed it along to several friends who have also enjoyed reading the book. As described and a good value.
I initially purchased this book because it was required in my English class but I ended up falling in love with it.  Such a great book.
"After finally deciding to read this book again, I realized that I can appreciate it much more than when it was assigned in high school."
Great story telling.  Nice picture of the culture and customs of the 1920's. Showed the divided nation by wealth that is still present.
Speechless. I loved the book and all of the great surprises it had in it. I absolutely loved the relationship  between Jordan and Nick.
Enjoyed the the book  what Gatsby was looking for and working to achieve should makes us think carefully of ourselves in roads  we take
Apparently I'm not an F Scott Fitzgerald fan.  The story was boring as was the writing.  I found the characters flat and uninteresting.
"No comments - really not worth commenting upon; however, suffice it to say that it is too difficult to capture the prose of Fitzgerald."
I guess being a new reader I just could not get into it.i'vr just started reading again after a long hiatus  Russell JKelly
I saw the recent movie first and then read the book.  Really liked both of them.  The book offered a little more insight than the movie
I have read this book several times.  Downloaded it onto my Kindle and couldn't put it down!  Great read.  Can't wait to see the movie!
MY ENGLISH TEACHER FRIEND SWEARS I WILL ENJOY IT ONCE I GET A LITTLE FURTHER IN - BUT I CAN'T SEEM TO MAKE MYSELF READ IT - MOVING ON !
Great book and was glad to read it again before going to see the movie.  I remember reading this in HS and loving it.  Great movie too.
"A classic, well worth reading, and reading again if you read this one years ago.  Highly recommend this classic of American literature."
The description and dialogue were as I remembered it from college reading. Saw the movie three times! I even got my husband to read it.
I good book by any standard.  I bought three more FSG novels after reading this one.  Read this in one evening before seeing the movie.
A great classic in an easy to read e-book format. I would certainly recommend it to anyone looking for a good read that's not too long.
I enjoyed the set up in 1920s. It's brilliantly written with an interesting storyline filled with a wide variety of interesting characters
"Some of the most evocative writing I've ever read and a profoundly heartbreaking story. Plus, it's a much quicker read than most classics."
"since college, i've been a fan with SFF. and even did my paper on studying of his work, i shall my delighted with reading his books again."
"Every time I read this, Fitzgerald dazzles me with his language.  His world of Gatsby is enchanting, sad, and mysterious at the same time."
I totally recommend this book is a classic  and the way the Author describes  everything  its just really good!  don't wait  and get it :)
My favorite book ever- and I've read a lot of books. There's something so moving and wonderful about F. Scott Fitzgerald's writing style.
My favorite book ever- and I've read a lot of books. There's something so moving and wonderful about F. Scott Fitzgerald's writing style.
I read again after many years.  The writing is spellbinding.  I have read only 2 others which match it The Leopard and Heart of Darkness.
The book has more information that the movie lacks...it' an awesome easy to read  and could be read more than once. Excellent literature.
"I don't have words to describe the feelings that i had when i read this book. Incredible. Read it, it will take you into a great journey."
Must read!  Great love story about never losing hope and how true love leaves an everlasting impression forever imprinted on your heart
"This is just a straight up classic. This is not the first time I've read this, nor will it be the last. I love every word of this book."
I just saw the film with Leonardo DiCaprio and Toby McGuire and it follows the original book exactly except for much of nicks thoughts.
"As an adult, I appreciate this book much more than when I had to read it in high school.  This is a short novel that packs a big punch."
"A really quality book, an overall good read I recommend it to everyone.  Book's physical quality was good as well, no big deficiencies."
"Awesome book! One of my all time favorites! Great plot, interesting characters, I just wish the book could be longer and more in depth."
I read this book by recommendation and was not disappointed. Amazing story and easy to lose yourself in. I highly recommend it as well.
"I recently re-read this after having first encountered it 14 years ago.  What amazed me is how so many of Fitzgerald's phrasings remained with me during that time.  It was like the story and the characters were timeless.  My perspective on some of the individuals, however, did change.  As a younger person, I saw Daisy as a more innocent actor in the final tragedy.  As an older person, I recognize her silent complicity in evil.  Years ago, I also saw Nick as naive.  This time, I recognized that, in many ways, he grows throughout the story and becomes a good man.This is the first book in my lifetime that I've re-read.  Based on the experience, I imagine I'll be doing it again and again with books I read as a younger person."
Such a classic story. This is one of those books you read in high school but pick back up 10 years later with a whole new perspective.
The story pictures a charming universe with a sordid underside.  The prose is marvelous and completely unique.  Poor Gatsby after all.
"I don't know what it was, but I couldn't get into it. I didn't read it in the 10th grade when it was part of our class curriculum either."
Came in a timely matter. Great condition. Great book. Very happy!! If you are going to read The Great Gatsby definable read this edition!
"A great novel is given its due diligence by Mr. Jake Gyllenhaal, who does a rather good job at portraying all the characters in the book."
Can't  improve on  this one. I always love to read the book before I see the movie. I read this long ago so it was time to read it again.
I chose the rating because the book is well written .I would recommend this book to everyoneI liked everything about the book
When I received my book in the mail I was a bit confused because it has a totally different cover. Don't get me wrong it's the same book.
I chose this rating because I did not enjoy the book----delivery was great----but the book was not.  I was disappointed in the storyline.
"Very well written enjoyed this book a lot. Can't wait to watch the old movie and the new movie from 2012, see which one is more accurate."
I had read and taught this novel when I was teaching in the public class rooms. I wanted to review it before I went to see the new movie.
I read the book in preparation to see the latest Gatsby movie.  The movie followed the book 90% or more.  I'm glad I read the book first.
"Still a classic. While Daisy Buchanan still isn't a likable character, the dramatic highs and lows of the plot keep the pages turning."
I purchased this book for a class at school and the book worked well. Great story with a deeper meaning than is read from the surface.
"Great read if...you really enjoy books about the 20s, hopeless love stories, high in symbolism and undertones, and unexpected endings."
"Everyone needs to read this classic work by F. Scott Fitzgerald! I read it in high school and have read it a few times since, as well!"
This book also was on my doorstep in two days! It's in excellent condition and is already read and put on the shelf for the next time!
...what all the fuss has been about regarding this classic. Beautiful use of language. I may actually try another of F. Scott's works.
"I saw the movie first and wanted to read the book, since I had never read it before. I LOVED it!!! It is so much better than the movie"
best ever reading it for the third time after seeing the Carry Mulligan movie. surprised how much of the movie was taken from the book
The book was in a much better condition than was described. I was blown away by the fact that the book was much better than described.
The Great Gatsby really does not need another review.It is a truly remarkable book and if you love books you must read it.
"Terrific read, while dated it still makes for an enjoyable time. This is nonsense, what is this with word limits. conservation is itn"
"The Great Gatsby tells about the lives of the rich in the 1920s. The writing was certainly beautiful, but the plot was rather boring."
What a great story and written so well. A pleasure to read. I  hope you enjoy being transported back to the 1920's like I did. Enjoy.
the narrator seems to ramble (in places).  The story was awesome in telling of the tangled web we weave. I would recommend this book.
Never tire of reading F Scott Fitzgerald..  Definately required reading before seeing the new movie to give more meaning to the film.
Classic! Not as good as I remembered from high school though. Enjoyed going back through it though and remembering all the symbolism.
This is a timeless classic with a thought provoking storyline that offers insights into the human condition in the post-modern world!
"Great American Classic that is a must read! Author is very descriptive and uses words to color this story of ambition, love and hope."
I read the book when I was a kid an did not remember so I re-read it and thought it was going to be a bit more eventful. Good writing
I am having trouble getting into this book but I will keep trying.  No much more to say.  Will be glad to move onto another selection
Utterly amazing story and much short than most. Some how missed this one in high school and I am so glad I took the time to read it finally.
"I found the character developments were scanty, and it seemed strange that Gatsby does not appear in the book until one is 1/3rd through it."
A timeless book with amazing language and sentence structure. The book itself is fairly short. I greatly enjoyed the author's writing style.
I LOVE the ending were it seems that the whole world suddenly forgets about Gatsby right after he was killed. It is scary that no one cared.
Definitely one of the best American novels of all time! This was published decades ago and I still got the eagerness of rereading it again.
Very good book. Had to read this back in school never paid attention to it. Reading it again I'm disappointed that I didn't care back then.
"One of the greatest American novels ever written, portraying the time in which it was written and continues to be pertinent to the present."
"I've always loved the Great Gatsby, old movie and new movie , and this book is absolutely amazing. I could read it over and over again ! <3"
Possibly the best novel of 20th Century. A magnificent piece of writing.which has seldom been equalled.in modern times.A masterpiece.
"Can't believe I had never read this before.  It's a good story, besides being a commentary on life in the 1920s as well as life in general."
"A beautiful sad story about two long, lost lovers reunited and torn apart by grave circumstances.  Written beautifully by one of greatest writers."
"A magnificent book, written by one of our greatest authors! I read it first in the 1970s and should never have waited this long to enjoy it again."
"I enjoyed this book. The writing is very descriptive you got a sense of the place, people and architecture. The story was complex and interesting."
"Through F.Scott Fitzgerald's penchant for superfluous verbiage, he created a window into the greed and power-hungry wealth of the tumultous 1920s."
"It was time, and I'd lost (or loaned) my copy (same thing), needed a Fitzgerald fix.  He was The Great Fitzgerald. Don't be without it, my advice."
i read the great gatsby and i was impressed. i don't really know what to say about it. it was an excellent book. it is definately required reading
This book was incredibly interesting.  I could hardly put it down.  I would recommed thisbook to anyone who loves to read.  Excellent book!
"A classic book, and always a great read. Definatly read it if you never have, or just get it to own and read again.  A book that makes you think."
Great with fond memories of the long ago past. Fitzgerald a smash as author of this great novel of unrequited and remorseful romance Ray B.
Intriguing story with unique characters. The story line didn't transition well in some places but it didn't take too much away. Good read overall
"i have read this book about a month ago, and it simply follows me around since, i find myself thinking of both charecters and plot but most of all the unique way in which scott fitzgerald see and describe the world. the man's simply a words wisard, with simple methapors and discription he spreads befor my eyes a complete world of glamore and coraption.i just love the way he melt down imagery with actuall descriptions to make the views and people in his books apear as a monsturose vertions of themself. and twist the scenery in his book into somthing that's both extreamly realistic but also fantastic. sort of like seeing things through glasses of a dream.it's a wonderfull book and i have enjoied it deeply."
A pretty good book.Short . Not very deep.  But not bad.An easy vacation or travel read.I can watch the movie now.
A very good read.  Thought it would be interesting to re-read it prior to seeing the new film based on the book.  Not disappointed.
Could not put the book down.  A great laugh at the pitiful rich so much so it absorbs you realizing how their lives can be so sour.
She loves the book and movies. This is the same version of the book that she read in high school so it means that much more to her.
"This book, as many others, are called classical for a reason. Don't miss the opportunity to read it! Great story and great writing."
"This book has been on my reading list for ages and I finally got around to it. After reading it, I can see why it is such a classic"
I liked the book but watching Mia farrow and robert redford helped me understand a lot more.  Still movie or not it is a cool book.
"This book is a classic and I enjoyed reading it again.  The story, the characters, and the setting build into an excellent reading."
What can you say about a book that continues to inspire generations? An exceptional piece by one of America's most beloved writers.
This book is the best book I have ever read in my life. I am glad to have such an opportunity to indulge into the g greatest literary work.
"Would give three &1/2 if could. Like the book ok, really didn't like any one in the book.  Would maybe be better if it was a little longer."
The Great Gatsby is a classic piece of literature. A must read for anyone and everyone. Definitely a book to read before entering college.
"Reprehensible characters, every one of them.  Gorgeous writing.  Worth every syllable. For me it was a page turner because of the writing."
My daughter wanted a hard copy of this book for her required reading. She enjoyed the book.  I am very thankful for Amazon Prime shipping.
Didnt like it in high school. Didnt like it when I reread it.  Meh. Just.... meh.  The characters are not terribly developed. Wouldnt buy.
Easy read..easy to order to iPad...story/movie are worlds apart other than title. I probably wouldn't have ordered if it was not on Kindle
"A good read all through. Start makes you feel as if this will go on forever, but it ends well. Can't expect more thrill from an art novel."
"I love the Cora Bickford-Smith covers that Penguin is using.  I wish they were easier to acquire in the US, but this cover is outstanding."
"F Scott Fitzgerald's book has always been one of my favorite books and altho I have not read it in years, it is still one of my favorites."
"Good to learn about how people behave with and without money. Nice literary piece , .Dr. R. Bharti,M.D. Amritsar,punjab,india"
"Language is florid and flowing, but pace seems glacial, and most of the characters are unlikeable.  Not the most entertaining book."
I enjoyed the book and it will make the movie experience better.  The book provides a better understand for when you see the movie.
"Saw the movie, read thebook,  the storywas sad, but kind of boring..It held your interest I will say that the ending was a suprise."
"Bought the book after I saw the movie preview, when I started reading I couldn't put the book down. Can't wait to go see the movie."
Easy to read and finishes quickly. However I was let down by a story that I felt did not live up to its highly heralded reputation.
Read it for the third time... and still has its magic moments.If you plan to see the movie please please read the book again.
i was worried about it being slow but once i got passed the first chapter it really picked up. half way through it went real quick.
"What an incredible story. Will reread it many, many times. A must read for anyone. Slow,start but it all comes together in the end."
I re-read this in preparation for the new movie out and it was just ok. I'm not sure how this is one of the greatest but it was ok.
"The book provided a keen look into the lives and sentiments of a class less studied and understood. The book progressed slowly, but decidedly."
Loved re-reading it before seeing the movie.  A true classic.  The best of Fitzgerald's work.  Should appeal to everyone from teenagers on up.
Loved reading the book again after seeing the movie recently. The ebook was excellently formatted and a great choice for my first kindle read!
"A fast reading, at times gripping , and thought provoking novel.  The novel provides s good description of the 1920s era in the New York area."
Can't believe I waited as long as I did to read this one. Was wonderful. Overall a great read for anyone that enjoys a good well written story
Still Fitzgerald's masterpiece. The writing style is somewhat dated but the characters are a rich slice of post-war Americana and still engage
By far one of my favorite novels in American literature. I have always loved this book. I highly recommend reading it if you haven't already.
I enjoyed the amount of description and imagery that was imputed in the book.It was made as vivid and colorful as the time it was written in.
"Not the lightest read ever.  Fitzgerald can get a bit too esoteric at times for my taste, but it is a compelling story and very well written."
this book is a very good buy. it is very interesting and good for a school reading and gives a good insight into another's thought on gatsby.
"It is a classic and I could see why. A window into another world, one that no longer exists but one that we all somehow  long for."
This book was very well written but required lots of thinking and range ft to fully understand.  Very good if processed correctly.
"very enjoyable, a great read that could be set today as there are very few references to the actual living conditions of the time."
It's the Great Gatsby right?  I was intrigued because of the movie and I was not disappointed.  I don't need to see the movie now.
"This is a great book, a fast read, and great for any age (high school and up). A must-have for a family library. American classic."
"I loved this novel. I really enjoy reading classics, and this is a great one. The books are always so much better than the movies."
more back story for Gatsby. I was assigned this book to read for my eleventh grade Engish class. it was better than Fahrenheit 451
"I read this years ago and it was on my list of ""Books I want to reread.""  I loved it.  Can't wait to go see the new movie."
Very interesting. I loved it to its full extent. I recommend this book to anyone. F. Scott Fitzgerald is such an excellent writer.
Great story...amazing writing... I read this (again) because my daughter was reading it for High School. The story never gets old.
"I read this in HS, burn found myself so engrossed with the story. I savored every word, loving how short and concise good writing can be."
I didn't have to read this book high school and my brothers told me I should read so I finally got around to it and finished it in a day!
I don't know how anyone could NOT like The Great Gatsby. It is a wonderful read and all students should be required to read it in school.
This is by far the best book I have ever read. So captivating.  Just the greatest piece of literature that will change your life forever!
"A wonderful story of love and unrealistic expectation in the 1920's. One of my favorite books of all time, this should not be passed on."
"An American classic that I re-read from high school.  Everyone should read at least once.  If you liked the movie, you'll love the book."
"Even though it is a classic, I never read it before butdid after reading the Double Bind as it was referredto so many times."
"A classic.  A must for every reading list. If you did not read it in school, you missed out. Read it now and enjoy it for years to come."
"Loved the ways characters are developed, with all their idiosyncrasies intact. One feels Gatsby's ""Old Sport"" ringing I the ears"
I'm glad that the recent remake of the movie has brought attention back to this classic work. It has long been one of my favorite works.
I love the way he writes.  This is a quick read and still makes you think.  I'd love to read a more detailed version about Gatsby.
"3rd time reading this book! as always a great read! i got the book used and it was a fantastic copy, pretty much new...very happy!"
"It's called a classic for a reason! Short read, don't write it off because of horrible experiences with over analyzing in school!"
The book was very cheap and brand new. Perfect outlet for purchasing books for pleasure or school. I'm glad I made this purchase!
Beautifully written great insight to the wonder of the United States of America the 1920's excellent use of first person writings
"I REALLY LOVE THIS BOOK, IT'S PERFECT. This is the independent novel of my reading class, this book is one of my favourite novel."
Such a great easy read that I truly enjoyed. Read this because of the movie and it was awesome to read once I had seen the movie.
Classic.  What's not to love....? Ordered this for a class assignment for one of my high school kids and he seems to like it too.
Sad saga of a man trying to recapture his past with what he thought was his great love...nothing more than a self absorbed woman.
"I thought this book was very interesting and its a lot like the movie,but at the same time it's not.Over all it was a great book."
"I have never read any book that makes me think more than this one does. The depth in the color, the foreshadowing, the objects, etc."
As everyone that has read this knows... great book.  Daughter wanted to read before she watched the movie so this was for Christmas.
I don't know why I'd never read this book before. I'd intended to for years. It was wondrous and I look forward to reading it again.
Great. Read it before. I will pass on writing a review. Let others do this. This is a thought in progress when it come to this book.
The Great Gatsby is always a great read. Beautifully written. What can you say it is after all one of the greatest american writers.
"Wonderful book that is now a movie. A classic gone mainstream of a timeless romance, doomed from the start. Everyone should read it."
"At 70, I finally read the book I should have read in high school! One blessing though...at 70, I could truly appreciate its' beauty."
The Great Gatsby is an intriguing story told from an interesting perspective.Scott Fitzgerald can certainly spin a great tale!
Love love love this book and am reading it again in anticipation for the new movie coming out in May. Can't go wrong with a classic.
Book came quickly and was just what I ordered. This book is to help out our students with required reading in their native language.
"Only Fitzgerald could pack so much into so few words. It is most high schoolers' favorite book, and this remains into adulthood."
"But yes I liked the book better than the movie.  Nothing compares to Fitzgeralds words, even Bas Lurmans over the top theatrics."
Good book. Some boring parts that make me want to sleep and some really great parts that I just don't want to put the book down.
This was a better read now that I did not have to read if for school.  It was so much more enjoyable a read now that I am older.
"I didn't care for Fitzgerald's prose.  The book may have been scandalous in the 20 's, but it did nothing for me 90 years later."
So consuming!!! Tragedy and romance and such a wonderful reflection of an era past! Read it for a second time and loved it more!
This book is still my all time favorite. I have read it several times and it never gets old. I am always rooting for Jay Gatsby.
The story is a classic. This is a book I would read again. The love and deception  if the characters keeps the reader intrigued.
I read this book in high school and loved it. I bought it for my Kindle to read again prior to seeing the movie. Never gets old.
If you like the book you will like the ebook. All I expected from it. Its great to look up words and take notes when re reading.
My daughter has an A in the class so this must be a wonderful book.  If she ends up with an A+ it will be the best purchase ever.
"This is, in my opinion, the Author's best book. It is an American Classic and should be read by highschool and college students.."
This book is an excellent insight into the excesses of the gilded age when money and power surpassed common sense and compassion.
It's a classic book. Interesting story. Read it before but wanted to refresh in hopes of seeing the movie with Leonardo DiCaprio.
enjoyed reading it. But was not crazy about it. Would recommend it to others because it was interesting and had a superise ending
Vibrant emotions and excellent narrative to reel any reader into an extraordinary tale starring characters to love and relate to.
i really enjoyed this book. It was a little slow to start but overall it was a great book! Anyone considering this should get it!
Great read just in time for summer. I read it as a high school student and want to re-read it. It was 10 times better as an adult
"It is a very goos story, very well writen.It describes in a fascinating way the lives of a part of the society of the '20s."
It was definitely not what I expected. I love the way it was written and I love the love story. I can't wait to see the movie! :D
"A slow , deep read.  A true classic. Makes a person think of consequences, life's strange unravelling confusion, and unfairness."
"Short story of the rich american belle epoque youth. Given its popularity and the author, i had expected a more elaborated plot."
I'll admit that it's not what I exp expected but I am glad I read it.  I think the movie that's coming out soon should be great.
"Beautifully, poetically written. Did not know what to expect. Very short read. The ending was a tad anticlimactic, I must admit."
"Mr Fitzgerald really shows every aspect of the jazz age, blending it with a great antihero, all i have to say is... great novel."
Loved this book!
"The talent of F. Scott Fitzgerald weaving intricate twists, deeply human emotions and reality into his characters makes this a classic book. It's a story that carries a great deal of meaning. It's a story anyone can learn from while soaking in the depth of genius with which this book was written.Truly a must read!"
"A classic read; however, somewhat disappointing. I thought it would be so much better. Still, very glad to read such a classic."
One of the best novels of all time. Really rips out your heart and makes you questions how heartless and corrupt humans can be.
Great story.  Memorable characters .  Lessons can be learned in this book that still relate today.  I'm glad I downloaded this.
Great book. The condition of the book was wonderful. Great for reading while on public transportation. Can't wait for the movie
"I think this book is a little overrated, but it's sold.  I like the physical appearance of the book and it's nice and portable."
I loved the book. Its a short read but very entertaining. Starts off a little slow but picks up quick and keeps you entertained
The Greats Gatsby is a very interesting look at the lifestyles of the 1920's.  It kept me interested and captivated to the end.
"When I read the word ""hardback"" I thought it meant hard cover. But it wasn't and it does not look like in the picture."
"I thought I ordered a brand new hard lune cover edition. Instead, I received the exact edition I used in high school, in 1977."
This was one of them. Jibber jabber jibber jabber jibber jabber jibber jabber jibber jabber jibber jabber jibber jabber jjbber
I read this book in high school and enjoyed it. I re-read it as an adult and loved it!! Definitely much better than the movie!
I hadn't read the book since college and wanted to re-acquaint myself with it.  The edition served my purposes satisfactorily.
This is an amazing book! Probably one of the best I've ever read. The words and phrases they use will just draw you in..
"Thanks so much! I recommend, if you want this book, go thru them. Delivery time was quick and the quality was just as the said!"
"At my daughter's suggestion I decided to reread this book. It has been years and glad I did. What a love story, so descriptive."
"Beautiful narrative, romantic, eye opening of the era which has been so fantasized.  Each character fascinating in its own way."
I wanted to read the book before I saw the new released movie.  Very fast reading.  Helped me understand the movie much better.
"I had to read this book for my summer assignment, and I usually don't like my summer assignment books, but I looooved this one!"
"It was my first time reading it and I really appreciated the story. It's simple and straightforward, but classic in my opinion."
Loved the book. Amazing what the human race is able to overlook and forget when it serves themselves. The movie was also great.
I read this book every summer and now have it conveniently on my iPad.  It's beautiful and poetic and it still resonates today.
Book arrived on time and in great condition. Although cover was not the same I still give 5 stars because content was the same.
A book you can read and be transported back in time. I enjoyed feelin the pull of love and the suspense of  breaking the rules!
It was a compelling and yet an easy read. The end was shocking! And yet so apt for the entire book to become one of its kind!
Awesome buying experience! The book was in better shape than I expected. Great price! Good enough to go with my collectibles!
This book is one of my all time favorites. Read it a few years back and still reads like the first time I explored its pages.
"This book is phenomonal, filled with amazing rhetorical use. It took me on an emotional adventure through tears and laughter."
I know it shouldn't matter ...but i expected to get the same cover they have on display but its in good condition so its fine
it was a good book in  good condition i would recomend this book thank you!! i would recomend buying from this person as well
Good read. Well written. A classic for sure. I have always appreciated American writers like F. Scott Fitzgerald. Go rent it.
Can't argue with how well written the the book is.  Not as thrilled with the story line.  Not interested in seeing the movie.
"Not as exciting as I remember, but nostalgic.  A great review before enjoying the newest rendition of the novel in film form."
"I love this story.  It takes you back in time, and into a world of new wealth, New York, and lost dreams.  Wonderful writing!"
Absolutely wonderful! One of the best books out there! There is nothing in this book that I dislike. One of the best classics.
This is a true classic piece of literature. Such a compelling tale of lost love and the shallowness of the rich and privledged
Excellent book. Came in a good condition and the story was/is/ and always is great. I have added it to my personal collection.
It was a r-read from long ago.Enjoyed.Quick read.Helped to remember the movie. Would recommend it to a New reader.
"Items arrived as told online, described right, ship and handle was good price and good packaging. Hope to work with them again"
"Needed this for my son's AP English class his junior year of high school, I even read the books so it was well worth the cost."
"I absolutely love this book, one of my all time favorite stories! The book arrived in excellent condition, thank you so much!"
"such an amazing book! You can read it and read it again because it's so, so good. Great love story that everyone should read."
"It is difficult for me to think of any better prose in English.  A compelling story, almost a libretto, with music by Mozart."
Better than it distant came out. Movie adds detail and voice. An excellent read. Although jagged in parts that need expanding
Thanks for the book.It's nice to get the book that is so cheap.And the cover of the book is the same as this one.
"A very enjoyable novel depicting life in the ""Roaring 20's"", when large sums of money were made from bootleg whiskey."
"I don't think I can add much to this terrific classic, which has been well reviewed through the years. Thoroughly enjoyable."
"It's a classic.  Everyone I know read this in school and hated it.  I read it on my own and thought it was great, go figure."
I regret not paying attention in high school when we studied this great novel from a great American author.  A true classic.
I loved it and the book was exactly like the movie; it helped me to understand the whole story better;I absolutely loved it.
"I liked reading this as an adult. When I was in high school I resisted reading it, but as an adult, it really captivated me."
"I was really excited to receive my copy of The Great Gatsby and the Book was in good conditions , and it met my expectations"
I had read it years ago and decided to reread it .....I guess there is a moral to the story that you can't buy real friends.
Enjoyed the book and especially listening to it on the audio upgrade.  A classic and nice to read it before seeing the move!
I've read this many times.  There's good reason it's a classic and is required reading at the high school and college levels.
Worth the read. I have not seen the movie yet. It's a classic. What more can I say? This kindle version seemed to work great.
"Well acted, but the actor's voice seemed too old to play 25 year-old Nick, so I was distracted and my students were confused."
"The great Gatsby!!! Read in high school, now I can see the movie and make an appropriate review in comparison between the two"
"Been love with this book forever gah. Good condition, not torn or nothing. Hell, I love classics let's just leave it at that."
This book really held my interest. I recommend it to anyone that likes a book they can't put down. Buy it you won't be sorry.
I really enjoyed reading this book.  I look forward to the movie that is coming out!!!  Great American Literature at its best
"I so didn't expect what happened to happen... but when it did, it seemed right. Loved this book, can't wait for the new movie"
"I was a little disappointed when I realized it wasn't the original book.  But it was easier to read, and it is a great story."
I liked the book. And the use of symbolism with the American dream and the great depression made it all the more interesting.
"This was an easy read, especially after seeing the movie. The photographs in the front were interesting too. A true classic."
I decided to read it before I saw the latest movie.  It really loses something with age.  I didn't care for the movie either
I had forgotten what a genius he is. His use of the language is exquisite.  So easy to read it on the Kindle app on my iPad.
"I read the novel years ago, but I decided read it again before viewing the film. The book was just as I remember, a classic."
"I now understand why it is a classic: great dialogue, well developed characters, and clear insight to a time in our history."
This is a well written book.  The story itself is depressing and doesn't have a happy ending. No one is redeemed in the end.
"A wonderfully written love story, made familiar by two movies.  Nothing like the real thing, however.  This one is a keeper."
A must read classic that evokes a bye gone era.  Great story.  A model that has been used many times since by other authors.
"My husband suggested I read it and I loved it.  I would recommend Gatsby for all ages. It's full of life, love, and mystery."
"This is a must read for someone of all ages. I put it on ""the top 100 books that you must read before you die list!"""
I couldn't put this book down.  The colorful descriptions used by the author made the book seem like looking at a painting.
Loved this book. It's a classic. Perfectly surmised the roaring 20s. Great author. Great book. Would recommend to a friend.
Sometimes love is not enough. Gatsby and his love for Daisy are proof of that notion. It's just a beautifully written book.
My son needed this book for his school for summer reading.  He did not enjoy it. I think he would have preferred the movie.
"This novel is truly a great American classic. Full of metaphors, well developed characters, and a great page turning ending"
"If you haven't read The Great Gatsby, you should. In it the classes clash and the idea of the American dream is challenged."
"Such an amazing book, Characters come alive in this book and let you feel all their emotions and thoughts.100% recommended."
A great book which should be read by everyone. The vivid imagery is what makes the book special along with the comparisons.
"I was excited to read the book when the movie came out, and it was a pretty good book! I'm glad I took the time to read it."
"Been around for a long time. Good the first time I read it 20 years ago in high school, even better the second time around."
"It was all about a bunch of very shallow, very wealthy phonies. The only real character was Nick, who ultimately saw through them all."
"...I finally read it.  The characters made me very irritated, but I think that was their point. Beautiful use of the English language."
"2nd time I've read it because of the new movie - as always - very well written, beautiful descriptions. Too bad Fitzgerald died young."
"Excellent book.  Great classic work of literature. The characters are realistic, and I loved the fact that the setting is Long Island."
"Aside from the book being amazing, everything came in great condition. No complaints, I highly recommend you purchasing this product!!"
I first read this during my senior year of high school.  I wanted to reread it before going to see the new movie and I still loved it!
"The book itself needs no review, it's a classic. I was pleased in the condition my book arrived in, looked new. Shipping was fast too."
"Easy to get lost in trying to follow the story. Know it was a story being told by another, but still very had to keep track of events."
A great read.  Every character has it's own story and yet they are all connected by association and life events.  Very enjoyable read.
I know it's clique to say 'the book is better' but in this case it really is! It's more about the characters and less about the glitz.
Never read a book before and saw the movie when I thought the movie better!  Sad story....just did not catch my imagination
I purchased the Kindle version after seeing the movie (2013 version)  It's a quick read. I loved it! All ages should enjoy.
I liked it but didn't love it. I guess I thought it would be better since my friend hyped it up but I very much enjoyed it.
"I read this book probably in HS many, many years ago but did not remember it. Was disappointed in the story and the ending."
"I think it made a better movie than a book, however, I enjoyed the book after the first third.  Felt it dragged until then."
I know it's a classic but I really didn't care for it that much as it didn't seem to have any real happiness or hope in it.
Wonderful story. wanted to read it before watching the movie and it was wonderful. Highly recommend reading this. Thank you
"although the beginning is slow, the rest of the book is amazingthis truly is an American classic for everyone to read"
Quite a different thing to read after many years of life.  Very good book.  Highest regards. Highly recommend reading. End.
Read this as a high schooler and figured it was time to take another look. Still a great story about intriguing characters.
For anyone who wants to appreciate the phenomenal writing that makes Fitzgerald a classic. The movie just can't be enough.
Damn good book. I would recommend this book to everyone out there. Fitzgerald had a Damon good way to play with his words.
I did not care for  this book - too much partying and casualness.  I did  read all the book and the ending was depressing.
"This ""classic"" is as timely now as it was when debuted. A fun escape. Looking forward to seeing the updated movie."
"I don't know what to tell you.  This is one of my all time favorite books.  Get it and read it, you won't be disappointed."
This story is timeless. A true classic. Every romantic and a dreamer should read it. Sad but very inspiring and beautiful.
It was well written and gave insight into an era....but depressing. I would hate to hang out with any of these characters.
"I enjoyed reading this book although not quite as much as I had anticipatedI would.  All in all, a good read though."
"I read this in high school, but this time I'm reading it from a different perspective.  Now I can't wait to see the movie."
A VERY GOOD AND SPECIAL STORY THAT I HEARD ABOUT MANY YEARS AGO AND IT WAS A GOOD THAT I FINALLY GOT AROUND TO READING IT.
"This is a timeless good read.  The story is quite short, so it will go by fast.  You're sorry it ends an want to read more."
"Amazing book. Very good character development, fantastic plot, and even has a moral. Now I just have to wait for the movie!"
Bought this for myself and my girlfriend and we both fell in love with this book! I would DEFINITELY recommend reading it!
"Fun to read. If you understand it, there is a lot to think about. Unexpected final. Interesting overall, very interesting."
Purchased the book with audio for my high school junior. He felt the audio was not a plus. Boring. He finished it without.
"love the classics. should be required reading for all Lit classes. If you haven't read. this book yet,put it on your list."
"The cover was amazing, the condition was amazing, everything about this was amazing, oh and the story itself was good too."
This book is beautifully written in every way. I loved it! I just finished reading it and I could read it again and again.
A classic usually read in high school.  Although I don't think I read it then.  Saw the movie and wanted to read the book.
"The book was in perfect condition, no tears or creases. No complaints.Everything was the way that I had expected it to be."
Everyone should read this book at least once. Good story and character development draws you in and keeps you there till the end.
"I have not been able to read this book yet, however, it came in great condition and fast! I am so thrilled to read it :) Thanks!!"
One of those books you can read again and again. An enjoyable way to spend an afternoon. One of the best in American literature.
An exceptionally well told story of a certain period bringing to life a wide collection of characters all essential to the tale!
"Amazing novel, wonderful story and easily read. Allows the mind to indulge in the lives of others, and has great lessons within."
"it was suppose to be a hardcover, but got a paperback instead.  still like a brand new book.  On time delivery with no problems."
A fast and tremendously good read. There's good reason this is a classic. A beautifully composed and completely engrossing book.
got it not just in time i got it like 2 days later. this is a great book and i got extra credit in class for getting my own copy
I ordered this book for my daughter for one of her classes requirement. She loves the movie and she's enjoying the book as well.
It's easy to see why this book is required reading in most high school literature classes. It is one of the best American novels
Great imaginary.  I couldn't quite ignore the themes while enjoying the mystery of Gatsby himself.  I can't wait to see the new movie.
"_The Great Gatsby_ has a lot to offer: high society parties, lost love, infedelity, murder and suicide written in an elegant, flowing prose.  The story revolves around a summer spent in a resort community outside of NYC, and the lavish lifestyle of the title character.  While the characters have few redeeming qualities and Fitzgerald's stinging critque of the upper classes is off-putting to some, it remains a classic for a reason: like it or not, admit it or not, we  are all to some extent like Jay Gatsby: inventions and reinventions of ourselves.On a more superficial level, Fitzgerald does a tremendous job of recreating a picture in time and, for a brief moment, allowing us to visit that time and place.  Highly recommended."
"It is the quintessential American novel. It's very short, always waiting for a re-read, and always revealing more with each exposure."
I was always wanted to read this and now that I have I'm glad I did. If you are wondering if it's worth your time I assure you it is.
"I know this is a classic ,but it just didn't ring true as such a great book for me,it's meandering .  Not like to kill a Mockingbird."
Great condition brand new and got it on time before my break was over before school was starting again got it a few days earlier haha
What can I say?  It's classic American lit.  Two English majors bought the paperback to read in the car to each other on a long trip.
"Stunning, well packaged. Brand new and a great read. Totally worth it for the price. I highly reconvened reading before the movie. :)"
"A beautiful and touching story superbly written. Although it is ""a classic"", this book is friendly, modern and deeply moving."
"Beautifully written, solid story, perfect length. Superb book overall, definitely recommend even to those who do not read that often."
this is a great book! it arrived in the condition that it was advertised in. i would definitely suggest to a teen reader.
"I first read this  book in highschool, and honestly it was not my favourite book then.  This time I read it and loved it."
Of course I loved it. One of the best books ever written. I'm so glad I revisited it. I'll watch the original movie next.
This book is filled with content that will make you think.Im glad that my teacher made us read this book in summer.
"I enjoyed rereading the story. The times were different in many ways, but they dealt with many issues that we have today."
"Very pleased! Came in mint condition! I wanted to add this book to my library, especially with the movie having come out!"
I loved the swiftness of this book. It's sad though but it teaches you a lesson. In truth money doesn't buy you anything.
This book deals greatly with 1920 culture.  This was very well written and pulls you in to reading more.  I couldn't stop
This book stands true to this day so sad what we have become.a wonderful reflection on what life is and what it could be.
This book was on the boring side. It kept jumping around and I counldn't keep an interset in reading it. Just my opinoion
"This book is great! I couldn't keep it down! It is romantic, suspenseful, and mysterious. I definately give it a perfect 10!"
Captures the vacuous life of the wealthy in the 20's.  Truly a masterly work.  Makes me look forward to other works of his.
Beautiful wordery.  Terribly self absorbed and careless people with too much money.  Much like today's Republican oligarchy
"I loved this when I was younger; however, re-reading it 20+ years later, I'm annoyed at how selfish and whiny they all are."
This classic piece of literature is the perfect length and will provide a great analysis for your high school English class
It's been years since I read this as required by the curriculum. A good read. I understood it differently this time around.
"It was a pretty good book, a tad bit boring in some parts but overall very good. It also has a surprise ending in some ways"
I really liked this classic book about the roaring twenties.  The characterization of the several characters was exquisite.
Beautifully written with words that will let you imagine fantasy with reality with no question. Should have read it sooner!
This is one of my favorite books of all times.  I love the story of the roaring 20's.  You can't go wrong with this classic
This book shows the personalities of human's that are praised above other's. How money and power over-rules love any time
I don't think my words could do this great American novel justice.  I will read it over and over for the rest of my life.
"A truly brilliant memoir, and personal song of a tragic hero, in reflection to the ever shadowing menace that is reality."
My all time Favorite book!!  Read it thousands of times and it just keeps getting better! New revelations with every read
I read this book in college.  Decided to read again before the new movie comes out.  Love it even more than I did before.
Great book! I read it once and would love to read it again. I like Fitzgeralds style very much.  I highly recommend it.
I should have read this years ago but missed it. I did like it. It stands the test of time of those self centered times.
It was a good book but I thought it was going to be bigger. It was the size of my palm so it was a little hard to read..
The book was well written. It has some major themes like reality versus illusion and focuses on the challenge of morals.
Everyone should read this book at least once.  It's a timeless classic that is very well written and  I read it quickly.
Brilliant pastiche of the jazz age.  Probably much better than the upcoming movie will be.  Better to read than listen to audio book.
Loved this book. Will definitely go see the movie. I recommend this book highly. Story that will keep you interested to the very end.
"The Great Gatsby is a classic piece of modern American literature, Fitzgerald's story line of love forlorn is timeless and beautiful."
"I didn't really know what I was getting into, but it was a much more entertaining and light read than expected.  I really enjoyed it."
"Solid book. Interesting story/characters, great vocab, and a well-written glimpse into an earlier time in the high society of the US."
"The letters in the books are very clear, and the size just fits my demand. I like the soft cover and the quality of the book is good."
"I first read the book when it was assigned my junior year in high school. At that time I was amazed by the absolute simplicity, yet the brilliance, of this novel. Fitzgerald weaves a tale of two worlds into a compelling  story. There is much to discover in this book, much to compare. Since high  school I have read this novel at least a dozen more times and every time I  discover something new about it. I love the symbolism, it is so complex.  From the contrast between East Egg to West Egg, to the colors used  throughout, even to their names, the symbolism runs deep and true. Readers  who do not like this book have not given it a chance. They need to go back  and read it again, and pay attention to each and every detail."
I just have to say it was a great read because I couldn't live with giving away spoilers that would ruin the story for someone else.
"Vivid imagery, great random introspection from the story's narrator, quick paced. Very good attached audio reading with whispersync."
LOVE the Great Gatsby and it continues to draw in readers in order to figure out the enigma of Jay Gatsby. A must read for everyone.
"Very relaxing, romantic and beautifully written. Seeing the movie first is no problem, even though you know how it ends."
"What will you not like about this classic?  The big dreams, the sad realities, the glitz, the glamor, the broken hearts."
This Book reflects the true nature of dreams and the spirit that lives in them until the consume you and leave you empty
"lost my old copy and had to get a new one when the movie came out. Love this cover, same one as the one I had in school."
"Read this in school because I had to, then read it before the Leonardo DiCaprio movie came out.  Great book, quick read."
My daughter had to have this book for her high school English summer reading program.  I was happy to find it on amazon.
Got the book having intended to watch the new movie. More interesting than I remember it having been. Glad I re-read it.
I read this book in high school and did not like it then but reread it for book club; still did not like the characters.
Just loved the way the author wrote so beautifully.  It was like poetry.  I read the last few pages over and over again.
"Could not connect with any of the characters they were all shallow, self indulgent, and unlikeable, The worst was Daisy."
"I loved the book, very different from the new movie that is out I would say, but I liked them both for different reasons"
A really enjoyable book with a very sad ending.  A great study on good and bad in people.  Surprisingly short I thought.
My favorite book ever!  It is revolutionary and is a perfect imagery of the 1920s .  This is the best book ever written.
Very good book and well written. I found the character development a bit shallow but story was very enthralling overall.
"Felt good to go back and read the book again, without the annoyances of English class... The book is a good book to read"
"Excellent story, well written.  Now I want to go to see the new movie.  I would recommend to friends and family to read."
One of the finest pieces of literature ever written. The Great Gatsby is an extraordinary piece and an American classic.
Great glad I read it!Not sure what took me so long. I can check it off list. I can now justify watching the movie.
"I got this because it sounded good, and how can you pass up a Kindle freebie. Besides a good classic is hard to pass up."
"In my humble opinion, one of the best books ever written. I love it just as much now as I did when I read it in college."
The author is skilled at describing people's complex beauty and ugliness. I enjoyed it and will recommend to my friends.
A classic worth reading and a great story to fall into..I just wish I had more closure with some of the other characters
"One of my favorite books of all time.One of the great American classics!A must buy, everyone should read it."
Light weight reading.  You won't learn anything new in this book but is an easy read when you want to turn off you mind.
"We watched the movie in high school, but the book is even better. It is one I will reread many times throughout my life."
"Obviously, this is a personal favorite of mine. However, the artwork wasn't the same as the one portrayed in the photo."
Its a good book but when i got it some of the pages were stuck together. I had to cut it open and now it looks ugly....
I was expecting to receive the book as shown in the photo with the cover art bit received just the plain hardback copy.
I reread this little book once a year just to remind myself what writing reads like from an author who loved his craft.
My son loved reading this book in school and hinted that he wanted his own copy for Christmas.  This book is a classic.
I mostly bought this because I've always wanted to read it. I haven't had a chance to finish it but so far so good. Enjoy.
Do yourself a favour if you haven't read this book.Pick it up and enjoy!!This book is a classic so just do it!
"Very easy book to read with great characters, particularly the peculiar mr gatesby. Only thing is that it ends soo soon..."
Great classic book at a good price. It was a little more worn than I was expecting - it had been in a high school library.
"For the most part I liked this book. The descriptions of the things, people, and places really brought you into the world."
"It was an easy enough read but I felt a bit too distance from the characters and there was nothing really to empathize with.Everyone is shallow and rich in the 1920's. That's about it. The love story is kinda wishy washy and the ending is a downer.At least I can say I read it.*****This is a review of the kindle version of the book. $11.99 I paid for this book. This old book that was written in the 1950's. Why would publisher's raise the price on this? Also, there is no audible speech for this book. $11.99 and I can't plug it in and listen to the story while I am driving?The publishers should rethink their price for this book and enable the audio."
"You were probably assigned this book as a teenager, for school, like every other teenager in America.  I know I was.  But if you were like me you were totally unable to appreciate it.  More recently (read: 10 years later) I re-read the book.  I don't need to say it's the greatest American novel ever written, since so many before me said it much more eloquently.All I can add to the chorus of praise is that this book is much more meaningful when you're a little older and able to appreciate it, and it's actually a very quick read.  The experience of reading this in your 20s (or later) is extremely pleasant and rewarding.Enjoy! :)"
"I thought this was an excellent book. Given that I hadn't the opportunity to read it during high school, I took it up at the age of 23.While some of the story jumps a little unexpectedly from time to time, the story is quite exquisite, covering the fatal flaws of imagery and desire. This is a complex story, who's inner workings remind me something of Fight Club, whose narrator has a love/hate feeling for the character he works with, and whose compatriate really doesn't care all too greatly, as his personal dealings are rather obscured and placed aside.I finished reading the book two days ago, I had a better review otherwise..."
A good story and well written.  I have read this book more than one time.  I love the are and how the author decribes it.
"Its a classic, that everyone has been required to read in school. I bought it again just to enjoy the none movie version."
This book was very good.  I saw the movie after I read the book and it followed the book very well.  An enjoyable read.
The book is an okay read but moves slowly.  Makes me wonder if the movie is worth seeing.  What was all the fuss about?
I am only a little bit into the book but so far it is a very interesting story and I am excited to see what comes of it
A book assigned in high school literary class revisited as an adult and am enjoying the story in a whole different way.
I have always loved this book and have enjoyed it more the second time around.  I can't wait for my children to read it
This book is a must read for anyone who enjoys great writing. F. Scott Fitzgerald is one of America's greatest authors.
Beautifully written with an intense plot line. Imagines jump off the page while you are reading. A must read! Loved it.
It is years since i have read this book and I had forgotten what a fabulous story writer FSF was. Fabulous descriptions
Well written story about life in the 1920s. The characters are easy to understand and the story line is easy to follow.
Here's to hoping a movie lives up to an old favorite. Quick read. Good story. I would recommend this story to a friend.
This story of social climbing in an ammoral segment of society is as relevant today as it was when Fitzgerald wrote it.
"This novel is a true classic. Fast, enjoyable read. A great edition to any library. I would highly recommend this book."
"This was a quick read, akin to reading an Agatha Christy book only with fastest cars.  Hail the man fromSt. Paul."
I am an avid reader and devour books at an alarming rate.  This book sucked me in from the moment I started to read it.
"The great gatsby, by futzgerald, scott is a wonderful story I couldn't stop as soon as I bigin reading I could'nt stop."
I enjoyed reading this. Didn't enjoy the end he deserved more but that's the price you pay sometimes. Unrequited love.
"This book was greatly worded and was quite interesting, and I would love to read it again. I loved ""The Great Gatsby""."
The cover was not the same as the one I ordered with Leonardo DiCaprio and the words were very small and hard to read.
"I gave this to my grandson because, after seeing the movie(new version) he wanted to read it.  Said it's just as good."
I bought this book because it was required reading for my daughter's AP English class. I have not read it in 25 years.
Need I say more? I can't get enough Gatsby...it is one of the greatest thing I've ever read... and I'm in junior high!
bought this for my sister because she needed to read it for a school assignment. Said it was a good book but not great
"After having seen two versions of the movie, I decided to read the book.  It was amazing.  I wish I had read it first!"
"Generally, it's OK. The cover is different from what was shown on the website. But they didn't mentioned this clearly."
How wonderful to go back and still find this so interesting.  Can't believe I enjoyed rereading this as much as I did.
Wonderful story. Definitely a must read. No wonder it's a classic book. I will for sure be reading it again and again.
I haven't been able to stay with this book.  Maybe I'll try it again some day.  But it sure did not grab my attention.
Extremely well written. The story line was weird and honestly I actually the movie was much better. Still a good read.
"not really the sort of book I normally read, but thought I should read it before I saw the movie and really enjoyed it"
"A must read. One of the great American novels and an exceptional work by F. Scott Fitzgerald, a great American author."
the book was in very good conditions. excellent. new. the content was readable. the binder  was not broken or bent. i'd do it again
A timeless classic full of modern day drama- haven't read it since high school mandatory reading- now I can appreciate and enjoy it
Not what i was expecting but it paints the time period well. The characters and Fitzgerald 's writing style are what sell the story
This book was amazing. Well written and great use of language. The ending was a surprise and I would recommend this book to anyone.
Always buy used books from Amazon. This one didn't disappoint us either.  My son needed to read it for school and it did the trick.
Quality writing and quality story telling makes for one of the best books I've ever read.  Many other classics pale in comparison.
There's a reason Hunter S Thompson would sit in front of a typewriter and type this out over and over. Fitzgerald wrote a classic.
Probably one of the greatest books I've ever read.  I bought another copy to send to one of my friends over seas and she loved it.
It's the Great Gatsby.  Will you live in the past or the present moment?  How will you be remembered after death?  Does it matter?
I have read this for the second time and loved the flow of words. The story has twists and turns that keep you reading to the end.
Classic - better than the new and flashy version.Sad tale; proves that money doesn't buy happiness ... or a longer life.
"This book is amazing. If you have not read it, read it! It really makes you think about what is more important. Money or love?"
What more can be said.  It is a great read and very entertaining.  I'm glad I took the time to read it for I see the new film!
This truly is a work of art. They don't write books like this anymore. I would recommend this book to a wide ranging audience.
Wanted to read the book again prior to seeing the movie. It is a classic. It should be required reading in our public schools.
I really enjoyed all the glitz and glamour.  Could not put it down til I finished it.  It was simply written and easy to read.
"The ending was strange.  It seems that there should be a sequel to this book. I know it is a classic, but I was left dangling."
"The vivid descriptions in this book made me feel as though I was in the 20s. With that feeling, the book was more fun to read."
Classic literature. Tragic but glamorous. Definite must read. Great book...as before. Now i can go see how the movie compares.
I officially love this book. It is so well written and it's just perfect. A book you can't put down and definitely a must read
Enjoyable book. A classic that I had fun reading. Looking forward to seeing the movie soon. Read this book if you can.
Audio modulation was uneven in spots. Overall narration by Tim Robbins was just OK. At times a bit muddy and lifeless.
"A great book! An American classic. Better than most of the books that I have read by the authors companion, Hemingway."
This book was incredible and F Scott Fitzgerald was a genius. I wish he had not died so he could write even more books
The book is so moving to me. It brings out emotion many books don't. Timeless classic that I would recommend to anyone
"Loved the story and it is worth every penny. It is a very short book, however, and can easily be read in a day or two."
I really enjoy this book and find it to be a classic. It had been about 10  or so years since the last time I read it.
"This book has lost none of its punch.  Fitzgerald's prose is heartachingly lyrical, the story tawdry and the times legendary.  I have read it thrice now and it only gets better.For those who want a basic plot sketch, here is my take:Wealthy man (a bootlegger?) Jay Gatsby moves into a mansion across the bay from his former lover and throws a continual party in hopes of winning her from her husband.  The carnal excesses of the Jazz Age ensure that this won't end happily for anyone, including the seemingly detached narrator, Nick Carraway.Kids, skip the Cliff's Notes and just read this one.  It's short and beautiful."
"It was a really great book, I couldn't stop reading it for 2 days. It clearly shows the bitterness of life realities."
awesome book. slow at the beginning but worth reading. good for a school book not something just to pick up and read.
It is a book that somehow escaped my attention until now.  A classic that all should read at sometime in their lives.
"Great book, but the cover was different from the one displayed. a bit disapointed but sister was happy with the book."
It is always great to read this book. Makes you appreciate everything you have and not appreciate what you don't have
"Great classic story. Have wanted to re-read the story since the movie came out.  Good price, good copy, good quality."
"Fitzgerald is a true genius weaving a story of man's greed and the lengths people will go to for the ""prize""."
I still remember first reading this book as an assignment in highschool. I fell in love instantly! It is a must read!
"Great book, short read. Disappointed in the outcome of the plot...was good writing, just not what I wanted to happen."
Not at all what it is cracked up to be. I don't even think the writing style is that good.No earnest Hemingway.
"was a good read ,but expected morehave read other books by F Scott Fitzgerald that I liked better.Was let down."
This is an excellent book. It richly deserves its fame. The older movie versions are much better than the latest one.
This book is written in a different era but the story seems to go over generations. A good read once you get into it.
Every American should read this. A satirical way to expose the backlashes of elitism and materially defined success.
I don't understand why people think this us such a great piece of literature. I found it quite dull. Read it anyway.
"I really didn't enjoy the story.  I glad I read it though, it shows how horrible the movie used the source material."
I thought Gatsby was a dodgy character until I saw how devious Tom and Daisy were...I actually felt sorry for Gatsby
"This is one of my favorite books, absolute classic and necessary for the collection.  I would recommend it to anyone"
"Great book, but recieved different book cover. I do not mind the different book cover, and its still a good classic."
This was a purchase on the kindle. I had no issues with the purchase on the kindle. I would buy on the kindle again.
wonderful classic book. tragic tale. Enjoyed re reading it as I hated it in high school when they forced it upon me.
"depressing and morally adrift. Sure, it has the retro coolness factor, but it's not an edifying read by a long shot."
"Hand's down my favorite book of all time. Fairly short, super easy to read, and really deep. Great read! Great book!"
This may be the most beautiful writing I have ever encountered. It is a perfect gem of a story. Tragic and romantic.
"I'm really not sure what all the fuss is about.  It certainly is not horrible, but it is not ""Great"" either."
Bought this as a gift for my daughter since the movie just came out. My daughter couldn't wait to read this classic!
Loved it so much that I closed the book at the end and opened it right back up and read it again from the beginning!
"What a great writer. His descriptions are so good, as he paints the picture for that setting in that period of time!"
A must have in any collection. Wanted to re-read since it has been a while since high school and about to see movie.
"fast shipping, the book that I ordered was in very good condition, thank you. a good read too I reccommend this book"
My son was interested in the book. We saw the movie and of course like always the book is way better than the movie.
I am so glad to reread this book. Fitzgerald's story of the tragic Gatsby and his love for Daisy is a haunting tale.
If you were planning on seeing the new movie...do yourself a favor and DON'T until you've read the classic novel. Amazing.
"what can I say, its a classic and probably his most enjoyable book.  all of his works and short stories are worth reading."
Great writing! F. Scott is VERY descriptive. Highly recommend reading the book before seeing the movie. It's a quick read.
A great read. An excellent classic tail of unattainable love even with the attainment of great wealth. I really reccommend
A good read. Descriptive and honestly a bit depressing. Although i enjoyed the book- i liked the movie quite a bit better.
Liked  the writing style felt like one was there living the life  in that era among the clever set of writers at that time
"I loved the whisper sync with this book. The book was good, but not one of my favorite titles. Can't wait to see the movie"
My daughter needed this book for high school.  She loved the story but I don't really understand it or why its so popular.
I Love that You offer theses books for our kindles.  The book was great and I love how fast it was delivered to my kindle.
I know a lot of people love this book... but I just couldn't get into it. I don't feel like I connect with the characters.
"It's not the greatest especially because it is an English assignment, but it's pretty good. A little like the Luxe."
Great novel on the roaring 20's and a great example of  the idea that everyone hopes to achieve the American Dream.
This book is an old classic. Funny they made the movie more close to the book than about any other movie i've seen.
A re-read for me.  Read this a long time ago but I really enjoyed reading it again.  Characters are very believable
"Read t in high school, read it in college, saw the movie, read the book again and still don't think that I get it!!"
An excellent read and a classic work or literature. The presentation on the kindle is good and I would recommend it
"An oldie but goodie.  I love this book, but wish the ending was different!  Still, I read it every couple of years."
I enjoyed reading this book in high school and feel in love with the story. I would recommend this book to everyone
"An interesting tale of intrigue at the turn of the century -- proving human nature has not changed, nor likely to !"
"Very sad story of wealthy, privilege, mental illness and unrequited love. Time era is the roaring 20's. A must read"
This is one of my favorite books.  I've read it at least five times and never tire of it. The characters are great.
This story is truly a masterpiece! The is a must read for all lovers of fine literature. Absolutely wonderful read.
"It had been many years since I read this book. I will say I enjoyed reading it again, as I had forgotten the story."
"I wanted a bit more from this book. Maybe a sequel by Nick. Messages are quite clear, yet a little too predictable."
"After seeing the movie, I wanted to read the book again.  The movie did follow the book.  It is always a good read."
A great book very entertaining with a beautiful story woven into the many thrilling parts of the story a great read
"A classic book that is tough to not lke.  Not much else to say, but an entertaining and easy/quick read for anyone."
Awesome writing.  How did I not read this sooner.  Very memorable story that had language that dances off the page.
"I'm not sure you are meant to ever fully understand this book, but it sure does paint a vivid picture. What a ride."
This product was entirely satisfactory. I wonder how some of these books ever became classics. I am glad I read it.
"On a quest to reread the classics.  I read this book as required in high school, but truly enjoyed it as an adult."
I'm glad I read this book again before seeing the upcoming movie version.  It's a great story and worthwhile read!
Classic book about post WWI USA wealthy society. Old vs new money and no depth in many of the old money people....
Beautifully written. I can understand why this book is a classic. I wish I read it sooner. Better late than never.
"**SPOILER ALERT** I majored in literature, but this book was never on the required reading list, so I chose to read it on my own before seeing the movie with Leonardo DiCaprio. I felt for Mr. Gatsby because he was a very tortured soul, and couldn't seem to comprehend the fact that in order to have real relationships you have to be a real person, and in order to receive love, you have to give it. He was delusional and stuck in the past, and unfortunately, there are a lot of people like that. This story really speaks to humanity, and makes you question your own motives, and the relationships that surround you."
"Loved every word, an hour and a half a chapter. Worth every drunk Lee second it took. Would recommend. James gatz"
Great book!!! The characters are well developed and the author writes with great detail. Plus it is a short read.
Slow shipping. Different cover than in the picture. The book had a crease in it. You get what you pay for though.
"What can I say, F. Scott Fitzgerald is brilliant.  I read it again before I saw the movie with Leonardo Di Caprio"
A classic which I had read years ago but disappointing to me  in my senior years or perhaps the times we live in.
What a wonderful classic that will bring you back to the turn of the century.....one of my favorite classic novels.
One of the best books of all time.  Well written and short enough to read on a long plane ride. Worth the purchase.
"I wanted to finally read this before seeing the upcoming movie, and I was not disappointed at all. Fantastic story."
Great love .... some odd shapeAmazing suspense. A little too wordy for my taste but still good book liberally
"Awesome Read, Great Story Love the Fact that I can Pre-Order It and Have It Delivered at a Certain Future Date! YaY"
"I wanted a reading for my cellphone version of kindle, and this was a great option for me to read on spare moments."
A great read in a short amount of time. I enjoyed the characters and peeling back their layers through Nicks eyes.
I love this book. You should definitely buy it and look closer to all the themes and meanings Fitzgerald intended.
I have read this good 3 times.  I always think that I missed something. I really don't see what the big deal is...
A great classic timeless novel. A must read for everyone in their lifetime. Easy and enjoyable read. A great book.
Bought the book to read before I saw the movie. This is the one time where I felt the movie was better than the book.
a weird wonderful classic and an interesting look back to the 20s and how money doesn't buy happiness.  great reading
"I bought this to coincide with seeing the movie; given the movie followed the book pretty much exactly, it was great!"
"I enjoyed this book, it was a quick, easy read.  I missed it when it was on the high school recommended reading list."
"Good read, a bit dated with they conversations and the words and terms but well worth the read or re-rwad in my case."
The book was good and makes you think about life in a new way. I loved it. Although it starts slow it makes up for it
This book blew me away. Written beautifully by the great F. Scott Fitzgerald and its subject stands the test of time.
"Love this book. No matter how old you are, it's a must-read. Fitzgerald was an amazing author and wrote works of art."
"I couldn't get through reading the book in my head or aloud to my son, but the audio listen was really good.  Thanks."
"Pretty good book, interesting take on the roaring 20s, lots of drama and love affairs involved yet not very climatic."
Probably the best classic I have ever read.  F. Scott is the absolute best.  This book should be read by everyone!
Fantastic book with great detail. The words in this book were rightly chosen and it was exquisite read for anyone.
"Was intrigued by the newer, updated movie.  The feel of the book and the storyline were well done and comfortable."
Wasn't the biggest fan..I only read it because I saw the movie. Hate the ending and didn't like the writing style.
"After a while it got boring.  it started out good, but after a while it got too boring but I did finish it anyway."
The book was in good condition and I needed it for a summer report. Great book took friend about Amazon producted.
I try to buy everything I can on Amazon I am never disappointed this is what I was looking for and I 100% pleased.
It was one of the most well-written books I have ever read!Keeps you on your toes till the very end...
This book is definitely a MUST read! Love the cover and contents! Brand new book just as described! fast shipping!
"Such a great plot, very beautifully written. Slow at first, but the plot started to pick up in the seventh chapter"
It's always been my favorite book but the older I grow the more I realize this really is the best American authored book.
This is the best book I've read in quite a while and imagine that I'm not a very big fan of reading...definitely worth it
Such a beautifully written story! It's definitely one that I will be re-reading again soon! I highly recommend this book.
Fitzgerald was a great writer.  This is a fascinating story set in the roaring twenties.  The recent move was just great!
My daughter purchased this book prior to watching the movie when it came out in theaters.  She really enjoyed reading it.
"Awesome read! Loved it, one of  my favorite books!!!! <3 Gatsby, hate daisy,Jordan, and Tom! Like Nick and Meyer as well!"
"what more can i say, after seeeing the dicaprio movie i bought the book. good read and i cant believe i had never read it"
"Good imagery, diction, and plot. Very grasping novel that you just want to keep reading. Ending was very moving and deep."
This  Book was in great shape. The book was like new.  Took a little longer than I planned but within allotted time frame
"Decided to pick it up and read it again. Always love a classic. Can't get enough, I'm constantly re-reading the classics."
It's a classic book that everyone should read. A great novel about the roaring 20's. I really enjoyed reading it.
Very contemporary for a book written in the 1920's. more than met my expectations.  A good snapshot of the times.
Everyone should own it and read it in their lifetime. A great classic for anyone's book collection. Great read! !
I loved the movie so I just felt a need to read the book.  Loved it!  The movie followed the book pretty closely.
I read this book in high school and wanted to read it again before seeing the movie.  Good book and an easy read!
"One of the original bright lights big city stories, take in context and read Tom Wolfe's Bonfire of the Vanities."
Picked it up to reread before I saw the movie.  It was a good as I remembered.  Great classic for summer reading.
The book is about the uber rich in the 1920's a good read yet still this is a book to see how the uber rich live.
Reading this book will make looking at the movie interesting. Several twists at the end could really draw you in.
"I still enjoyed this book even after all this time. The characters are so interesting, the story so dark and sad."
Great book- a classicI read this book many years ago. Now I have enjoyed it all over again-30 years later!
very enjoyable read. i would definitely recommend this book to anyone. you should really give this book a try. a
"It's a great classic and I loved the narrative , it's beautiful but a light story and not a complete page turner"
"Extremely well written, but a bit slow moving. A classic that should be read, though. Check out the film as wel."
"Only one of the best, most classic books ever. Why are you reading reviews and not reading this book right now??"
"Reading this as an adult, I feel that the charaters and writing are very shallow.  Sorry,  it's just my opinion."
Awsome book and movie. The moment of the times is captured perfectly. You feel like you are there in the moment.
"Really liked. Third time I have read over many years. Good book, written well, and lots to think about. Read it!"
Wasn't sure I'd like it. Glad I read it.  Surprise ending (If you'd never heard it) would recommend to a friend.
enjoyable book. easy read. bought on ipad and delivered to kindle app with no issues. easy and fast to download.
"It took me awhile to get into the story, but once I did, I thoroughly enjoyed it and couldn't wait to finish it."
This book was well written and suspenseful. I should have read it in high school when it was assigned reading!!!
I read this book in school and decided to read it again before watching the movie. An absolutely fantastic read.
"I personally love this book but the cover is different when i received it. however, the book everything is fine."
"The Great Gatsby is an amazing book. It is very great for building up your vocabulary, especially on the Kindle."
It was good and I would suggest this book to anyone who likes good books to read that have a good story to tell.
This book is a classic and I seem to love it more and more every time I read it. This was definitely a good buy.
The book is phenomenal! But the cover of the book is not the original like I expected it's a groovy one instead.
Read this for the second time. First time was in high school and didnt fully appreciate it. Second time loved it
"This is a great item at a great price and fast shipping. I couldn't ask for better service, awesome all the way!"
"I didn't read this when it was assigned in class, but wish I had. It is enriching, and incredibly beautiful. I love it."
This is one of my favorite books of all time. It is a classic story and is severely underappreciated by students today.
"Great original, Dec a great American book and shows you that material things and money mean nothing in life - must read"
"The rich and their boring lives of parties, clothes, fine dining etc is found in this classic. Sad story of loneliness."
"A book full of smashing parties, wealth, betrayal, murder and cover up. What's not to like? Let's all have another gin."
loved it very much. Would recommend it to anyone. Had a hard time putting this book down. Even though I knew this story
This book was very true to itself and to the movie which it inspired.  I could picture all the characters as I read it.
"A classic story by a wonderfully entertaining author. It was delightful to read it again. Now, I'm ready for the movie."
Third time reading this classic.  We promised ourselves we would reread before seeing the new movie. Such a great book.
"It's a nice, if simple, edition of a classic. An enjoyable read and at a reasonable price. A must have for your kindle."
"As always, the books are better than the movies.  I read this prior to seeing the movie, and enjoyed it very much."
"This was such a great book, lots of memories of being in highschool.  Now I just have to see the movie to compare."
"Had to get the original done before seeing the Baz Luhrmann version.  Wasn't the story I expected, but a good one."
It took about 1/3 of book read before I was hook. I have read this bGreat time rereading it second time around.  I
"Classic.... sets you back in time. It's a delightful , feel good read that escapes you from current day realities."
One of Fitzgerald's best and one of literature's saddest love stories. It's a great read for all ages. Five stars!
"Re-read this after 50 years.  It got better with time....or I got wiser.  Fitzgerald is a writer, that's for sure."
This is a classic - it doesn't require a reviewThis is a classic - it doesn't require a review - that's all.
Ordered book and it came in very bad shape.  Writting all over it and pages falling out.  I read it anyway though.
"I didn't come to this book unprepeard, I red some reviews and had high expectations for it. It didn't dissappoint."
Good classic reading! I wish I would have read it before seeing the movie. May see the movie again now~~~......
Always like to read a story before I see it at the movie theater.  Sometimes things are left out when produced.
"Not only was this book a great read, but it came in excellent condition! Perfect read before the film came out!"
"It takes awhile to get used to Fitzgerald' s writing, but soon it will be easier to understand.Good read!"
It was riveting & tragic. Beautiful work it had me involved from beginning to end. I would read it over & over.
Prepare for the movie but don't use the 3D glasses when reading on your kindle. It leads rapidly to eye strain.
A classic but surprisingly easy to read. Can't wait to see the movie adaptation. Wanted to read the book first.
"This was a good story. It wasn't as good as I had been expecting, but nonetheless... it was still a good story!"
"Forced to read this book for school but fell in love after every word. Amazing book, recommend this to everyone"
"I have a paper copy already, but I needed a digital copy, too! Never know when I might want to read this again!"
"Great novel. Great price. Great time to read it, since they will be coming out with a remake of the movie this year."
That book was really easy to read for being so old. I can see it being popular for a really long time in the future.
Just as the title says. I read it sophomore year in English class and haven't put it down since. It's my go-to book.
"Just a great book, arrived on time, well packaged. not much to say awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome ."
"Time to re-read one of the great classics, before the movie appears this summer! Kindle is great on the subway, too."
A book everyone should read! A great insight into an era in this country and the way a portion of the country lived.
This is a well written classic.  I read it back in high school and enjoyed it so much that I bought it.  Great read!
"If this wasn't the most gripping book about garden parties and drinking tea on the lawn, then I don't know what was."
"Tim Robbins does a first rate job narrating ""The Great Gatsby.""  I am not much of fan of F. Scott Fitzgerald, but for me Gatsby is by far Fitzgerald's best book.  Tim Robbins makes this a powerful story.I have two minor criticisms.  First, the chapter designations are left out of the narration.  Since my son and I were reading this book as a school assignment, we needed to know what chapter we were listening to. Second, the tracks on the CD were too long, generally 10 - 18 minutes.  Tracks every 3 - 4 minutes are far more useful. But these are minor complaints, and I loved the book and the way it is read."
Very good book. I Enjoyed the characters and their lives. The symbolism was remarkable. A book well worth the read.
Wonderful illustration of the 20s society & mind frame. I love reading books that have a tragic turn of events.
"This novel is simply superb, and I still can't get enough of it, so when the movie comes out, I'll be thrilled!"
I had to read this book for a class but I could not put it down at the start of reading it. I loved the story!
Loved the colorful language. I loved the story  and the way it was written. Fantastic book. I loved it so much
"the book was in great condition but had a different cover. The edition was the same, just a different version."
It's an American classic! A great bygone era of the original rich and famous.  Does anyone not love this book?
Its a good book had to read it before i seen the movie and it took me less then a week to read id buy it again
This book is amazing I saw the movie and decided I was going to read the book and its just like the movie!!!!!
"Great book, love the way it is written easy to read as the person reading it has a low level of reading skill."
The book made me really understand the American dream and how you can't expect your dreams to be your reality.
I remember now why I hated this book in high school: too much imagery and the characters are all selfish jerks
I love this book and the classic Americana flare that the backdrop of New York during the golden age portrays.
"This book is so timeless, tragic and always perfect. I've read this book multiple times and it never gets old."
"What an interesting story! Love the way the story unfolds, the point of view, and the ending.  Very well done."
"An incredible work of fiction, with a strong moral, it is a timeless masterpiece tat will always stay with me."
my first book on my ipad and I like it a lot. Convenient cause its always there when I have a minute it or two
I loved it when I read it in high school and again 20 years later. Gatsby is a dream boat and so is this book!
The great American novel! The prose is genius and how the American idea is personified in Gatsby is inspired.
"Great gift idea for the book lover in any family, thought it was the original size but it's a pocket version."
"Great book, I've read it several times throughout my life and having the digital copy now is very convenient!"
Had to read it in high school and loved it then and still loved it now. wish it had a happier ending though!
"It was a good feeling to read this book again after so many years.Now, I'm gonna go ans see the movie."
Disappointed it didnt become my favorite book from page one as countless others had told me it was for them.
Read the the book old' Sport! It's an adventure in itself! The movie makes more since if you do! Just saying
It was great and I loved the narration feature.You will not be sorry to purchase this book. I promise.
It came in good condensation and I really enjoyed this book and I look forward to seeing the movie. Awesome!
My book arrived in perfect condition and even a little early. Can't wait to read it again!  Color me happy!!
I really enjoyed reading the bookThe book could of been a little shorter and went along with the movie
I'm reading this for school and I'm over halfway so far.  its really good! I would recommend this to anyone!
I can't believe it's taken me this long to read this gorgeous novel. 'Tis a classic for a reason. Loved it.
"Seemed short to me, although the pace seemed laudable as well as the beatiful prose tight up to the ending."
"Fantastic book, and even better narration by Jake Gyllenhaal on the audio book version. Highly recommended."
Great for a school project 👍 great romance book! has lots of figurative language I suggest this to you all
I enjoyed this book. My goal is to read as many of the classics as possible and this one didn't disappoint.
So amazing. It seemed even better after I'd seen the movie! I would recommend it to anyone and everyone. :)
read this many years ago and enjoyed it a second time.  Fun for an historical look at the times in the 20's
Read it in high school and still couldn't quite get into it this time but it was still good. Great classic!
"I read Gatsby again after a decade. It remains as good as I remembered, and truly rewards a second reading."
"A very good read. Not exactly my general genre, but I wanted to read it before I saw the movie. Glad I did."
A must have for any library and a must read for anybody. A classic love story with the elegance of the 20s.
I thought it was a pretty depressing story and especially the ending.  It didn't leave you wanting to read more.
"It was such a disappointment for a book which is considered a classic. Would not recommend it, or read it again."
"This story starts out relatively slow, but I thoroughly enjoyed it. It tells the story of Jay Gatsby who tries to win back the love of Daisy Buchanan with his money. The story is narrated by Nick Carroway who views all aspects of the rich. Whether it's the front that Gatsby puts on or the deception between the Buchanan's, he views it all. The American Dream is the theme throughout this novel which seems to be what every character longs for. Overall I would definitely recommend this novel because many people could learn a valuable lesson that the ""American Dream"" is not all that its cracked up to be."
One of my favorite books ever.  A must read particularly in our fast paced mind numbing days in which we dwell.
"But I liked. The first few chapters were boring to me, but it get much better once Gatsby start to appear more."
"The whole thing should be told through Gatsbys eyes, not Nick. Most good info is seen second hand. I mean, why?"
"First kindle book I have ever purchased.  I love being able to access it online, on my phone, and on my tablet."
"Order this for a book club reading, but it was an interesting read. Of course the film is now available on DVD."
It was just as good as the first time I read it. I love rereading these old booksthat I enjoyed as a boy.
"I was confused in the end but after watching 2 different versions on film, I got it. Enjoyed reading this book."
Just as good as the movie almost felt like I was right there as everything was happening.  Great book. Thanks.
"I freaking love this book. It is an immortal classic, and I am so happy to own it again. Drop it like F.Scott."
Enjoyed reading this in high school and I enjoyed it just as much this time. Great book to read young and old.
One of the best books I have ever read. F Scott Fitzgerald's best book ever! Wonderful read! Love the writing!
F. Scott Fitzgerald doesn't have a single word out of place - his writing is impeccable and the story timeless
"What a great novel this is, is incredible that is been written so long ago and still is relevant in our times."
"Classic story, just like I remembered It. Enjoyable to read one of the great novels prior to the movie. Great."
It's hard for me to think of other authors who are as excellent as Fitzgerald.  I would highly recommend this.
Last time I read this was in High School. Read it again and still loved it. Hope the new movie does it justice
Gatsby is truly great for his passion and sadness.  You can't help but love and pity him all at the same time.
Classic story of a mysterious man. Can't wait till the movie is released. Daisy Is the worst. Nick old boy.
"A classic tale that I can read again and again, still delighting in the artistry of the language and story."
"Everything about this book is really great, highly recommended for anyone who is interested in Fitzgerald."
"Great book, and I'm not just saying that because of the popularity of this book and the author, old sport."
"Best book I've ever read. Even though the book is second-handed, kept well. I would recommend to everyone."
One of the all time most well written books. F. Scott is a fantastic writer. I have read it over and over!
This is one of my favorite books. The beauty of the writing is still unsurpassed. Everyone Should read it.
"Everyone knows the story is fun and interesting, but the way he describes and uses the language is amazing"
"If you want to see the movie versions, do yourself a favor and read the book first. You'll thank yourself."
It was a random cover but otherwise I loved it💕. They also included a reader's dictionary in the back. 😊
Enjoy reading this as a teen and decided to repurchase and read again.  Can not think of much more to say.
This book had a great story line and kept you on your toes the whole time. Definitely recommend to anyone!
It met my daughter's school requirement. Glad I got it at a better price thru amazon!! Thank you so much!!
"It was okay. A little boring but near the end it grew more interesting. Overall, it was an okay fast read."
Read this book in high school and wanted to re-read it again before seeing the movie. What a great book!!!
Such a good book! Lots of great detail and imagery. Symbolism is just amazing and I love this book overall
"Love the details, it brings you back to the early 1920s so well! I'm looking forward to the movie as well!"
"I read this book in High School and loved it.  I re-read it now, in my late 20's, and I love it even more."
An American classic!!  One of the best books of all time.  A work of art yesterday and today.  A classic!!
It gets better every time I read it. Such a great piece of literature that teaches such a valuable lesson.
The book started out slow but the last two chapters made it worth the wait. I would recommend to friends.
She loved it.  Could not put it down until completed reading.  I believe she's past it to her best buddy.
Honestly one of the best books I have read....the ending is great just spectacular it is a must have book
"Great book, I'm really excited to read it in class. Great price in my opinion. Such a great book to read."
I love this book and first read it when I was in high school. It has been one of my favorites ever since.
I am glad I read this before the movie came out.  It is a very quick read and is kind of a strange story.
A great read. Short and fun and full of details that are poetic and in a way unique. Definitely wonderful
Really good book. A lot like the movie also. Really enjoyed it. I would recommend it to anyone. Very good
The reading is easy and very intriguing. I am always up for a good story of mystery and intrigue. Enjoy!.
"This is a truly great book.  I hadn't read it since high school, and it's even better now after all years"
"I never watched the old Gatsby movie, so I wanted to read this one before watching the new one, liked it."
Once you open this book you surely won't put it down until it comes to it's tragic end. Highly recommend.
I'm not really sure how to describe this book. I'll have to think about more. It was an interesting read!
"The book was very slow in the beginning but once the plot kicked in, the book became an interesting read."
I was going to see the movie so wanted to read the book first.  It was very entertaining and a fast read.
This was the best book I have ever read! It opened my eyes about life! I recommend watching the movie too
I felt it had little substance.  I did enjoy the writing style. I would not recommend the book to anyone.
"It's all in the name, guys. My favorite book in the whole world. The ONLY book I can read and read again."
One of the best books I have read. An awesome love story. I highly highly  recommend this book to anyone
Great language. Great story.  I wish I had enjoyed it as much in high school as I did this time through.
"I loved this book.  I'd read it in high school for a class, and again more recently.  I loved the story."
Read this one for the second time.  It's always a great story.  And a quick read for a vacation.  Enjoy.
"New vocab, prelude to the movie, and an insight on the wealthy. only wish the plot was a little clearer."
This is still one of the best classics!!  A down to earth guy living a lifestyle of luxury and intrigue!
Classic! This was a great book in high school and still is now today. Written by a great classic author.
Great read.  Have read this one multiple times over the years and never tire of it.  Such a tragic tale!
I've read The Great Gatsby years ago and wanted to read it again.  It's F. Scott Fitzgerald at his best.
I saw the movie first.  The book filled in a lot of blanks & questions. A good read. I highly recommend.
This book is impossible to sit down. I hate reading and I found myself coming back for more every night.
"no wonder they made 4 movies--haven't finished it, but saw 2 of the movies. So I know how it ends,sadly."
This was on our daughter's Christmas list so of course she was happy to receive it.I gave her others.
Never had to read the book but after seeing the movie I wanted to read it. It's a really good classic book!
"Loved it, very deep one of my favorites. Captures the heartbreak of Gatsby, the way of living in the 1920s."
It's such an quick easy read that you dont think of it as a classic. I'd definitely reccomend it to others.
I feel that it was a great story and shows how the littlest thing can change everything. The end shocked me
The book was really exciting at the end but you will get bored in the beginning but the end makes up for it
I'm glad I finally read the book however it was quite the let down. The story ending was sad and depressing
Only thing else that could have put the icing on this purchase would have been an essay written for me. LOL
Truly a classic very easy to read through quickly. Never appealed to me as a teenager but great now in 20s!
"So much drama ! Totally entertaining !! I was never bored , I loved it so much ! I would read it any day !!"
Its a really good book. Must buy. Its great on kindle and I would recommend it to anyone who loves reading
I loved this book when  read it in high school and it is even better now. Mr. Gatsby sure was something...
"Great book. A little dated, but I guess that's what makes it a classic. A better love story than Twilight."
I had to read this book for my college english class. It was ok. I have read better books by this author.
"The most used word I here spoken today by many teenagers and many adults for that matter, is the word boring. I would be a millionaire if I could get a dollar every time I hear high school students use that word. We have  become a society where we are bringing up our children on TV shows like  90210, movies like ""There's Something About Mary"", and cartoon  shows like ""South Park"". The philosophy has become, ""Hey,  I'm bored, what are you going to do about it?"" A classic book like The  Great Gatsby is just too advanced for many people."
So glad I read it again. He's a writer who captures your mind and keeps you involved unail the last word.
Read this book again after passage of many years-- it's better now than then! Greatest American Novel!!!!
This book was purchased as a reading assignment for my son's English class. It is a classic for that era.
"I have loved this book since high school! After reading it again, I can say that I love it even more now!"
"Love love loveeee the movie had to read the book. The book is better than the movieeeee , read ,read read"
The book came on time and was in great condition. I read this classic in record time and no pages were missing.
I bought this for my bookclub and I had not read it since highschool. It was a great book and a very easy read.
Excellent light reading for the summer! It good an exciting and suspenseful book and I'm happy I read it again.
"I really enjoyed this book, if you like Salinger's Catcher in the Rye, then you will probably like this as well"
Fun to re-read since I was getting prepared to see the movie.  I really liked both!  Would read again and again
This book would not be something I normally pick up. It was interesting but didn't keep my attention very well.
It's a great classic of a unique era of America. I enjoyed reading it again after all these years since school.
Good read. Fitzgerald had a good look at the times and hearts of men.  Money can't buy everything or happiness.
It is so much better than the latest movie.  I may read it for the third time. I can't give you any more words.
"They don't get any better than this. No matter how many times I read it, I always find something new to admire."
This book is a true classic. The movie was very close to the book version. Must read. I would recommend
Well written but a little slow for me.  Felt it was just ok for a classic.  Hoping the movie is better.
I love to revisit this book every few years to refresh my perspective of what is important in our lives
I read this a long time ago and it was just as wonderful the second time around!  Great summer reading.
"I wanted to read this before I saw the movie and I did.  Great book and story, especially on my Kindle."
"Couldn't put it down....truly a great book I almost wish it wasn't over , I might read it again lol :-)"
The style means for a careful read.  I enjoyed but hated the outcome.  I look forward to the next movie
"The Great Gatsby is a complex novel to fully understand.  While many view it as a wonderful novel of romance, it is actually a tale of a man, Gatsby, who is wealthy and has every thing he desires except for the love of one  person, Daisey.  Daisey, however is portrayed as such a shallow minded  person.  Gatsby trusts her, and she takes his heart only to butcher it.  Tom is an arrogant pompous man who is just as careless as Daisey, his wife.  The story ends in such a tragic way, eventhough the event is foreshadowed  throughout the entire book."
My first and only book purchase on my tablet.  Not the book's fault.  I just am more a paperback girl.
"Bought this for summer reading by one of my students. All indications / he really likes it, A classic."
a must read for all...a classic...I read this book in one entire day.  I could not put it down. Great!
a joy from start to finish. what a fine display of the power of English. a must re-read for many of us
Still a classic and a must read for bookworms every where. Literature at its finest if I say so myself
Didn't  get a chance to read it in high school. Thought the book was great. Would read another by him.
"It is a book that will make you happy, sad and mad. Love it!!! Everyone should have to read this book!"
"As always, a great read.  Had not read this in decades and had forgotten how much I enjoyed the story."
"This is a great classic book. I have the hard copy, but wanted the digital version for my kindle fire."
great read! I can read it over again and again. Better than the movie. It is truely one of the greats.
"This book is a classic, so I had to read it.  I did enjoy it, but not sure what all the hype is about."
great book. glad i bought it. new amazing condition and i couldnt put it down. thanks so much! love it
Enjoyed this book.  I have been wanting to see the movie but wanted to get the book experience first.
This book was heartfelt and touch to me. I really liked it. I would recommend it to anyone 16 and up.
"Classic...I'm not a writer nor do I pretend do be, but what I do know can't be heard now."
Great book. I read it in one day. I wanted to read it before seeing the movie.  Classic stuff!  Boom!
I have read this book at least 3 times I just love it. It has been a favorite of mine for many years.
"School needed, and it was done for the Kindle too.  This makes it so easy to get the required novels."
"I love this book, I seem to have as problem putting it down. I could really in vision the whole movie"
Had this book for a while but never read it. I saw the movie & I knew I had to read it. Way better :)
I'm finally done with the longest book Eva I should of read the book before the movie you know right.
I first read this in HS over 30 years ago and never get tired of reading it again.  Wonderful story!!
"This book is very good.  I am not a reader, but finished this book quick.  Love it, recommended to all"
Someone suggested this book to me a long time ago and I had still never read it.  Was glad to find it.
Skip going to the movie and pick up a copy of the book instead.  Your money will be much better spent.
"It was a great book, and so much better than the movie.  It actually made me cry, which is hard to do."
"Best book I've ever read in my life, I would give a 10 out of 5 if I could. Everyone should read this!"
If you didn't read it in school read it now. It took me until I was 47 to read it and I'm glad I did!!
I enjoyed this more on this reading than I did years ago.  Love the style and elegance of the writing.
I am an avid reader of the classics so this book was perfect for me. Was exactly as described. Thanks.
Glad I finally got around to reading this. May read it again to pick up on some of the deeper meanings
I really loved this book and the third time around it was even better I suggest that you read this!!!
It had been years since I first read this book and I wanted to re-read it before seeing the new movie coming out.
"This is a classic, and I have read it several times over the year - and it never disappoints.  Beautiful writing."
Gatsby still charms me...Fitzgerald is one of the all time greats and this classic is worth reading over and over
"I love this book so much, especially Nick Carraway. That's about all I have to say about this book. Gatsby <3"
"Writing style may be a challenge for the modern reader, but is an important example of a great work of its time."
"This is one of my all time favorite books, and this edition by Scribner is quite beautiful. I'm proud to own it."
"my mother told me to. I loved the girls and boys in the morning.the landscape is breathtaking, wish I was there."
Great story. Short and to the point. Classic novel. The twist and turn is attention holding.  Very easy to read.
I loved this book. I hope everybody will read this. Fitzgerald does it again with suspense and twists and turns.
"SUCH AN AMAZING BOOK! FOR AN AMAZING PRICE! I was so excited to finally own this book, it's one of my FAVORITES!"
I enjoyed reading this book I would recommend it TO OTHER READERS. I am sure they would enjoy it too.
Loved this book since I read it in high school. I lost my well worn copy so I had to buy another one.
Just an amazing book. This is my 2nd time having to read it for class and it always blows my mind. :)
I read this for my book club.  I had read it in high school 40 years ago but I enjoyed re-reading it.
I saw the movie and wanted to see how closely it followed the book. Surprised how short the book was.
"It's a great book.  However, I feel like it drags and is difficult to read at long stretches of time."
Of couse this is a good book.  Has been since it came out.  Thanks for the great movie concept.  READ
"The book has as great start and middle to it, but seems to slow down at the end. Overall a good book."
Took awhile to gain my interest but the plot gets very good after a while I would recommend this book
I enjoyed reading it but it was much shorter than I thought it would be.  Overall it was a good read.
Its a classic what more can you say and the new Movie pretty much follows along with the book. Good read
"I love reading stories in this time period, so this was a fast read for me. Can't wait to see the movie."
Book didn't get started until the last 2 chapters.  The writer had an odd way of writing his words. Yes.
Reread it after all these years and was surprised to find how much it affected me. Very much enjoyed it.
It was better reading it as an adult than it was when I was in high school. Great depictions of the era!
The Great Gasby was great. A real classic. There were so many plots going on that it made it intresting.
Love this book! Can't wait to see the new film in May! This is the original cover too!A must read!
"Great book, and the physical book itself was very high quality? I am very glad that i decided to buy it!"
"I feel good. The great gatsby is new and good. Thank you for the books.I will give u full star for rate,"
One of my all time favorite books!! So excited i found it and got it! And it came earlier than expected!
"Have always loved this one! My high school English teacher read it to us and it never gets old, ever!"
"Never read this in high school, and we thought it would be a good way to prepare for seeing the movir"
"This was the greatest buy I have ever done. Holy hell!! I mean c'mon, it was fantastic. Right on time"
"This book is a must in every library.Get it here, get it somewhere else, just get it!D S."
"Book was bent at corner, some writing inside.....otherwise, it's still a book, was read, now shelved."
"This book is a perfect summer read - I know, a bold statement to make about such a classic book. But I discovered The Great Gatsby in the beginning of a lazy, hot summer when I could identify with Fitzgerald's irony and disenchantment with young, wealthy partygoers. The book itself takes place during the summer, and many times throughout the book, the oppressive heat and atmosphere are palpable. I know many people read this book in school on required reading lists, but I invite you to pick it up (again!) and discover it in a new light!"
A great book recommend it to High School students because it's a bit more advanced for younger kids.
they were delivered on time and looking good. Thanks and I recommend it strongly for whom interested
"Ok. Interesting enough. I suppose I'm missing something, but I can't see what all the hype is about."
loved it 20 years ago and love it now.  if you're looking for a true love story this is a must read.
read the book & seen the movie.  the book was more detail & is great book to read.  Highly recommend
"and none of the characters are likable, even the narrator. eh. glad i read it, and its a quick read."
It is perfectly acceptable paperback copy with the cast of the movie on the cover. It is a good read
The book was in new condition when I first received it! I read it the next day and was hooked to it!
"Loved this book. I couldn't put it down, I read it in a couple of days. I would recommend to anyone."
This is a great read that keeps you guessing.  It was fun to watch the movie after reading the book!
It was in very good shape. It looked like I had bought it brand new and just read it a time or two.
Wasn't the worst book we have read so far. Make sure to watch the newer version of the movie after!
Just as good as my first read some 68 years ago. Maybe I'll read it again but I won't wait 68 years
This book is amazing. Truly a classic and a must read. I only wish I read it sooner. It is so good.
I loved the book. I can see why people wouldn't like it but I think everyone should try to read it.
A great classic and gives a real feel of the 20's and the rich of that era. I couldn't put it down.
This is a book that you must read at one point or another in your life its simply amazing I love it
I read this book in middle school and loved it and now I love it even more! definitely a good read.
C'était très bon!  jé l'ai lu pour mon classe d'anglais.. je n'aime pas Robert Redford  Au revoir !
"The Great Gatsby, by Fitzgerald, Is  a wonderful story. Once I started reading it, I couldn't stop."
"If Catcher in the Rye is not the world's best book, thenthe Great Gatsby is.  Maybe it is anyway."
"I recently read ""The Great Gatsby"" because so many rate it one of the greatest novels. I don't get it. A thin plot burdened with lots of purple prose and a first person narrator with implausible, almost third person omniscient knowledge of other characters. What writing teacher would tolerate such a sloppy point-of-view and sentences like this: ""The wind had blown off, leaving a loud, bright night, with wings beating in the trees and a persistent organ sound as the full bellows of the earth blew the frogs full of life."""
"a classic. if you only read this in high school, it gets more interesting and layered as an adult."
"You never want the story to end, you want to continue to follow the characters. Very well written."
"Required read for my daughter's junior year, but I liked it! Not sure she appreciated it, but..."
Great book!  Read this one back in high school but got it for my Mom for Christmas. A good read!
I love it! I will recommend it to all my friends. I finished it in two days. Great story! Thanks
A bit late in life I finally read this book. Could not put it down! More than a worthwhile read.
Narration was kind of boring but the story is gripping. Now I guess I should go see the movie. I
This book was one of my favorites in high school. It was a pleasure to read it again. Thank you.
I'm sorry I hadn't read it in high school like everyone else seem too but I sure enjoyed it now!
"Great read! Quick and easy to get through. Have read it twice now, now I'm off to see the movie!"
"Read it in high school, wanted to re read it before going to the movie. It's a great, fast read."
Best book I've read in a long time. Last line is the best. Truly a ckassic & a must-read novel!
The movie gives it no justice at all. which is one of my favorite movies but this is by far my favorite book.
"Another classic. It is old school writing, that takes you back to that time. The Great Gatsby is a good read."
This was the first book I read on my kindle and I enjoyed reading it.  Classic literature - here you have it!
I read it in high school. And now at 60. It's even better at 60. So complex. And the writing is SO beautiful.
I decided to 're-read this after watching the new movie. It is always enjoyable and the quotes never get old.
It was good but it WASN'T  a book i couldn't put down  easily. Guess I expected more after all the movie hype
"It was a fast read, read it in high school and reread it to compare to the movie, good character development."
I don't like the plot (what plot) and may not finish reading it...  I'm sticking with modern authors I guess.
Good story teller and a different than expected ending. I will probably re-read in a few more years for sure.
There were bits and pieces of the story that mean so much more now than they did reading this in high school.
It really is a classic and a great read. I enjoyed reading it for the first time.  Its a good book
Have since seen the movie and loved it a all . You must indulge yourself to another place in time.
"Reminded me of too many other stories.  I know this is a classic, but I could take it or leave it."
Since it was required I read it. Not sure if I would have read it for any other reason. Just okay.
A great book that I enjoyed! Very easy to read and to my opinion a must before enjoying the movie.
"The Great Gatsby is a picture of it's era, but has full value for our time. It is truly a classic."
The Great Gatsby is a timeless classic. I couldn't put it down and ended up reading it in one day.
It was great the book was very fascinating and easy access. Loved having it at the palm of my hand
There is a reason it is one of the most beloved books of the 20th century. . . Absolutely perfect.
This is the best book that I ever read. I recommend this book for anybody who likes to read books.
I gave in to the hype from the movie and decided to read the book. Definitely wasn't disappointed. I liked it
"I feel that I cannot adequately review this book, because to do so would disgrace the sad beauty of the tale."
Well it was okay. I didn't get much of it but it was a good book. I thought only some parts were interesting.
Good book.  It was a book for my son's English class.  He enjoyed the book.  The book was in great condition.
True it is a required read for 9th grade lit. It is a quick little book. Well worth adding to any collection.
This is ebook I got it's supposed to be god. Didn't read it yet. 5 stars since I still have it on my kindle.
"After reading it at least twice you began to understand more of it, than you would if you only read it once."
All I can say about this book is that it was fantastic. I'm a junior in high school and absolutely loved it.
"Really enjoyed the layout, I've read the book before but didn't truly appreciate it. I sure did this time :)"
"read on plane, good classic book. wanted to get it ahead of the movie coming out. Thanks for selling thanks!"
No-one should need to be told that this is one of the four or five finest novels of its period.
Great read!!!  Would like to read again at a later date.. The latest movie was very well done!!
"Glad to have finally read this classic. Short, interesting read which stuck with me afterwards."
I loved it! I wanted to read the book before I watched the movie. It was well worth it!  Enjoy!
I loved this book in high school and love it now. I like that the movie stuck to the plot as ku
So glad I finally read this. I think I appreciate it more now than I would have in high school!
"I would read it again and again. This book is not that long and easy to read, the names as well"
I really expected more from a classic. The story did hold my attention and I am glad I read it.
"I've read so much literature in my life and ""The Great Gatsby"" is one of the best pieces of American literature I have ever read; it's touching, it's dramatic, and it speaks to people of any background. The book transcends time. It is as true and exciting in 2010 as in as it was in 1925. For anyone who says that it is a hard read or that they did not identify with the characters of this novel, I can only say that that they did not give the novel a chance or were not paying attention to the novel."
This book is like watching an perfectly scripted movie .I will look for more of his work. Moe.
I purchased this for my granddaughter.  She saw the movie and wanted to read the book.  She really liked it.
"The product is good, however, I was not aware that it would come in a different cover when ordering product."
"I saw the movie this summer which led to me read the book. This is a quick read, and I couldn't put it down!"
The book came like new. Not a single scratch or stain. Beautiful design. It truly is a book collectors item.
"Read this book!  I don't care if you don't like older books, it is still a very good book! You must read it!"
This book is a great classic. I am reading it for my book club and we will review the current movie as well.
Ii was disappointed in how the author handled this story. I felt it was very unorginized and hard to follow.
"I reread the book before I went to see the movie. It was just like I remembered from high school, very drab."
A classic.  I have read this dozens of times.  This purchase was for my kindle to have to read on the beach.
"I thought this would have been a better story.  Parts of the book were good, but overall less than expected."
I've always liked the book but i never got a chance to buy it until now. Glad I did! Thanks!
"i love it, it is a really good book. it was an idea given by a very close friend who read it"
Some of the wording was drap but good book had to read for school happy with it fun fun fun
I have to agree with those who regard this as THE great American novel.  It never gets old.
I love the book it was in great condition! Awesome to read and I just love it so so much.!!
This was the second time I read this book and I enjoyed it as much as I did the first time.
I read this years ago in hs and had forgotten how good it was. It's a must read(or re read)
One of the best books I have read in a long time. I can not wait for the movie to come out.
"I consider this book to be the greatest American novel EVER. Don't take my word for it, however, read it for yourself. Even if you end up not liking it, I think everyone should at least read this book. I also think many people don't see the depth that there really is in this book. It's not just about love, or romance. It is the persuit of a dream, a dream that is not all that it seems. A dream that is represented through one character, Jay Gatsby. Gatsby is an illusion. Read it."
There are not enough stars in the sky for my rating of Gatsby. A million gadzillion stars.
Good was very enter tamed by the enter tain ment If u know what I mean ya see it was very good
Yeah good a little boring but it's popular and worth the read if you have the time which I did
"It was very good, an excel t book for anyone. The movies are well adapted to the book as well."
This is a wonderful book - a complete classic - very easy read and can be enjoyed by all ages.
"In my younger and more vulnerable years my father gave me some advice that I've been turning over in my mind ever since.  ""Whenever you feel like criticizing anyone,"" he told me, ""just remember that all the people in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had.""  He didn't say any more, but we've always been unusually communicative in a reserved way, and I understood that he meant a great deal more than that.And so begins The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald. But what--I can hear you asking--What does the ""F"" stand for?F. Scott Fitzgerald's full name was actually Francis Scott Key Fitzgerald, as he was distantly related to the famous author of The Star Spangled Banner, the national anthem of The United States of America. He is famous for writing The Great Gatsby, a prime example of ""the Great American Novel"" that all writers aspire to. It is the kind of book you are made to feel that you should read. And it is true, that you should read The Great Gatsby. But it's also true that you will probably enjoy it, and that is the main reason why you should read The Great Gatsby. It is a great book that can be studied and analyzed in college literature classes, but it is also a fun book, not too long, that tells a good story and tells it well.Gatsby is a millionaire who throws fabulous parties. No one knows where he really came from or how he got his money, but he bought a mansion where he ""dispensed starlight to casual moths"" for some as yet unknown purpose. Written in 1925, just before the stock market crash of 1929 that began the Great Depression, Fitzgerald is prescient. Did he know that the glitz and glamor of The Jazz Age and The Roarin' 20's was a house of cards built on a foundation of sand--mixophorically speaking? That it could all be washed away in an instant?The Great Gatsby is the subject of the book, but it is told from the point of view of Nick Carraway, the narrator. Nick doesn't say that much out loud. He is kind of an introvert. But his inner voice is exceptionally rich and poetic. If he has a flaw, it is that he judges everyone around him, though he begins his narrative by telling us that his father told him not to criticize others who may not have had the advantages he has had. He then proceeds to judge and criticize everyone. He is like a male Judge Judy. That is the fun of the book. If he wasn't judgemental it would be very boring. Nick Carraway considers himself to be one of the few honest men around. If he thinks he doesn't judge others, that as a consquence of his father's words he's ""inclined to reserve all judgements"" then he is certainly not being honest--with himself.Nick judges all before him, almost like the eyes of Doctor T. J. Eckleburg.The eyes of Doctor T. J. Eckleburg are blue and gigantic--their retinas are one yard high. They look out of no face but, instead, from a pair of enormous yellow spectacles that pass over a non-existent nose.Though they are not the eyes of God, but merely an advertisement for an eye doctor, they brood over the dreary landscape nonetheless, like Nick Carraway also broods. He judges Jordan Baker, a female golfer not above moving her golf ball to a better position or telling little white lies, but only when it is absolutely convenient. He judges the hoards who flock to Gatsby's parties. He judges Klipspringer, who spends so much time at Gatsby's parties that he is called ""the boarder."" He judges George B. Wilson and his wife Myrtle, and he judges Tom Buchanan.Have you read 'The Rise of the Colored Empires' by this man Goddard?Nick Carraway presents the evidence on Tom Buchanan's character, and we don't even have to hear him read the verdict to know what it is. Daisy, his wife, is a little harder to pin down, but later Gatsby provides him a clue. Nick thinks Daisy's voice is indiscreet and full of a certain jen se qua  ""Her voice is full of money,"" he said suddenly.  That was it. I'd never understood before. It was full of money--that was the inexhaustible charm that rose and fell in it, the jingle of it, the cymbals' song of it. . . . High in a white palace the king's daughter, the golden girl. . . .The Great Gatsby is a book that I am very grateful to have been required to read in college. Professor Edwards at San Francisco State University led our class in an insightful discussion, and I will include some of the points he made--as I remember them many years later--in the comments, so as not to spoil it for those who have not yet read The Great Gatsby. Even if you haven't been to college you will still enjoy this book. I have made a list of 10 books that I would recommend to those who aspire to be well read, and The Great Gatsby is right at the top. If you can just get started you will want to keep reading until the very end. A veritable page turner. You are swept up in the story, carried away by the narrative voice of Nick Carraway, moving forwards and backwards in time in alternate passages--forward as Gatsby's final chapters unfold--but backwards as we delve deeper and deeper into Gatsby's past.  Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgiastic future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that's no matter--tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther. . . . And one fine morning----  So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.10 Books For Those Who Aspire to be Well ReadThe Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald (Movie not as good as book but here it is)As I Lay Dying: The Corrected Text (Modern Library) by William FaulknerMoby-Dick by Herman MelvilleWuthering Heights by Emily BrontëMiddlemarch by George ElliotThe Catcher in the Rye by J. D. SalingerUlysses by James JoyceLolita by Vladimir NabokovBleak House by Charles DickensOn the Road: The Original Scroll (Penguin Classics Deluxe Edition) by Jack Kerouac"
One of my favorite books of all time.  Very easy to re-read over the years since high school.
"It's a good book. I haven't seen the film, but I think that if yu have, you don't loose much."
"Hadn't read this in years.  After two movie versions to date, it was rewarding to read again."
My daughter is reading this book for summer reading honors english class for her high school.
"Great quality,fast delivery and I loved that I could track my purchase every step of the way."
i love how the book is written how he thinks. I enjoyed it! One of my favs for sure!
Amazing! A true classic. Leo and Toby didn't do this book justice on the big screen.
"I am a huge F. Scott Fitzgerald fan, so of course this novel is a natural favorite."
"Really nice book, good shipping and in very good conditions! I highly recommend it!"
"I put off reading this book for quite a long time because I thought  ""This Side of Paradise"" was awful. But I finally caved in after  it was voted #2 (behind Ulysses) by the Modern Library and I have to say it  is worthy of the #1 spot of 20th Century Fiction. One of the only books  I've ever read where I actually had to set it down after certain passages  and think ""Good grief, how did he come up with that?"""
"Decadence, bigotry, betrayal,and lies all combine to form a fairly readable story."
always enjoyable; especially now that you can picture Leonardo DiCaprio as Gatsby!
What magnificent writing style.  I found myself hooked just by Fitzgerald's prose.
A great classic! Recently read it for the first time (before the DeCaprio movie).
The ending of this story killed me. I literally threw the book in exasperation. [
The book I received the first page of the book was torn. But other than that great book.
Can's believe it took me so long to read this amazing classic.  Great writing!  Love it.
Not  much to say that hasn't already been said about this fantastic piece of literature.
Beautifully written book about the selfish and unselfish personalities of women and men.
Another classic novel that I absolutely love and my teenager has grown to love as well.
"deep story about shallow people, superbly well-written, so graphic, puts u in the story"
I can get lost in this book every time I read it. Love it! It's such a great story line
Thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. It depicts the nature of people very accurately.
good quality but not like picture at all. comp[lately different cover(new movie cover)
It uploaded in about 5 minutes and I was able to read it. I bought it for my Kindle 2.
Incredible! I have read this at least 5 times and i still have chills every time.
Loved this book. I read very few books and this one held my interest to the end.
Great characterisations - but a lengthy tale! Plot test of my credibility level.
I bought the book as a gift. She had asked for it so it will be a hit I am sure.
"Stylistically, it's a nightmare to read. Has the English language really changed that much since the 1920's? Don't get me wrong, Fitzgerald is a superb writer. His prose are poetic and refined, yet his sentences drone on, making the style hard to follow at times. For aforementioned reason, and if you like the book, I recommend you see The Great Gatsby movie, as re-mastered by the cinematic visionary, Baz Luhrmann."
A Classic book.  kindle delivery/ download is fast  and its nice that  its free
"So much better than the movie. The movie was good yes, but the book is perfect."
"It had writing, was dog-eared and really worn-out. Was not as good as expected."
"Good book of course, just disappointed in the availability of different covers."
Reread this from school days. Now I can appreciate his superb use of language.
It was ok....  I was expecting it to be much better. Just not my type of book.
"Love this book!  So fun to read books about this time period, fact or fiction."
I love the great Gatsby! F. Scott Fitzgerald did an amazing job on this book.
this is a really good book plus its a reading requirement for some AP classes
"While it may seem tired to recommend it, this book only gets better with age."
Nothing to say about Gatsby that hasn't been said. Definitely wrth a re-read.
Books in good condition. A few sketches and notes but its good for the price.
"It was used with a name inside the cover, but still in super good condition."
Need this for son for school.  Met our expectations and got it very quickly.
"the greatest of American novels in its famous first-edition cover, a classic"
Bought this for my daughter i don't even know if she read the darn thing.lol
My daughter absolutely loves the ability to download to her Kobo.  Perfect!!
"Good book had a lot of twists and turns, was really easy to read . . . . . ."
"One of my favorite books of all times. If you haven't read it, you HAVE to!"
"It's a tale of a tragic love, and a selfish broad. How can you not love it."
"A Classic that must be read,  not the greatest book though but pretty good."
Its clearly a classic. F. Scott Fitzgerald really knows how to tell a tale.
Item as described!  Very fast shipping and awesome transaction!  Thank you.
A great book with classic themes to entertain the reader through the ages.
This book was great! I truly enjoyed reading it! No wonder it's a classic.
"I thought I would love this book . The era, glamour, author, but it left me wanting more of ?"
I THINK THIS BOOK IS VERY GOOD SO IF ANYONE WANT PLZ JUST BUY THE BOOK THIS WILL BE VERY NICE
"Loved the book when I was in high school and I love it now in uni, truly a spectacular novel!"
The book kept my interest pretty well. I had to read it for college class. It was a good book
"Even though it was a school book, I still liked it a lot. I might read it again just for fun!"
"For being a Financial, if not corrupt, genius, he was very naive with the fairer sex..but what's new in this forever classic. Gatsby is the mold for every would be love, sex, money, and crual ending story the past 60 years. But what is also forever, is our love for wealth in all it's form. But in the end, as the ending concluded, Gatsby was a pretty good guy. But, even in Fitzgerald eloquence, if Jay worked first shift at the Cord Plant in Connorsville, Indiana, would we have cared?  MLR"
Great writing. Easy to follow. Excellent talented reading by Jake Gyllenhaal. Easily 5 stars
"A classic I know, but it is rather slow moving and if it wasn't so famous I might have quit."
Love it. Amazon said I needed more words so here ya go. Lol. It was a great book. Oh yes. :)
To the book almost to the T.  Director cuts are well improvised.  Fitzgerald would be proud.
I had never read this book until now.  Old age does have some good points.
Nice book in great shape and arrived in a timely manner. Nice solid book.
I read it after watching the movie. All different story. Can not compare.
"It is a great book, is for my son it is part of his homework. He enjoy it"
Good transaction.  As described. Efficient shipping.  Good value.  A+++++
read with my daughter for her english class... now i gotta see the movie.
I liked the objective point of view for the narration . . . . . . . . . .
"F. Scott Fitzgerald's THE GREAT GATSBY is a somewhat quick read. It is not a diffiuclt read, so it is reasonable to see why so many of us have or will read this work during our high school days.Our story's protagonist, Nick Carroway, is the real focus of the story, despite the book's title. Gatsby is merely the focus of Nick's observations. Beginning as a person of mystique and fascination to our protagonist Nick, Gatsby lives a life of luxary and prestige. Throwing lavish parties and seemingly on the top of the world, Gatsby is merely putting on a show. The lavish lifestyle he displays is meant to represent what can be achieved if you work hard to find the 'American Dream'. The whole concept of the American Dream is what this work is continually tied to, that Gatsby has a great number of skeletons in his closet and that he lives in rich misery because he cannot be with Daisy, his one true love.THE GREAT GATSBY is a book with a meaningful point, yet it is a somewhat dull read. While it certainly does not lack staying power, it is understanable why so many students gripe at having to fight their way through the sometimes tedious moments. THE GREAT GATSBY is great for some, but a chore for others."
One of the best pieces of American literature. Just beautifully written.
The Great Gatsby. Unabridged! Great! Need I say more about this classic?
"This book is chronically overrated.  It is exquisitely written, but the story itself is dry, boring, and mistakes random symbolism as thought provoking plot.  The characters are flat, and I didn't care what happened to any of them - one of the cardinal sins of good storytelling.It seems that the only reason this book is thought to be good is exactly because people think it's supposed to be good.Do yourself a favor and don't convince yourself it's great American literature, like every other middle school teacher seems to have."
"It's interesting to read something written so many years ago, which sounds modern. I enjoyed the story."
I love reading this book. I can read it over and over. I read it in high school. I loved the movie too.
amazing after all these years later that the novel can still capture the imagination of modern readers.
I last read this in high school and forgot how good this book was! I'm glad it was available on Kindle.
I had to get this to add it to my book collection as well a s a companion for the DVD. Recommended read
I've read this a dozen times and love it more and more each time I read it.  A classic and a must-read.
Pages were a little bit damaged but it's really nice as I like books that look used and old! Thank you!
It a classic...although it made me sad! Would have loved to go to one of the parties at Gatsby's house!
It was good.  I wanted to go see the movie and wanted to read the book first.  still haven't seen movie
Too erratic for my taste!  Read it because I thought it was a classic.
There is a reason that this is a classic so much better than any movie
Money corrupts all - even love - and the best things in life are free.
A classic- had to check it off the list... MUCH BETTER THAN THE MOVIE
A wonderful novel filled with intrigue and romance. Take me away Jay!
My son needed this for school.  Came quickly and served it's purpose.
"Well, you will be disappointed in the end but enyoj while reading it."
It's a boring book. Just I can say that the story shows a good flow.
Read it in time for the film so you get the story in its full glory before hollywood dumbs it down to a load of hogwash.
I really enjoyed the book.  Fitzgerald is a very food story teller.
Thank you my niece needed this book for class tomorrow. Thank you
Great read! Was a high school English assignment for my grandson.
Book came in almost perfect condition. Great deal for the price!
Great book. Read the book first then watch the movie. (With Leo)
One of the best book I have ever read. A must read for everyone.
The writing was extraordinary. The story is still timely today.
"Great book. As always, amazons price blows away the bookstores!"
An easy read. Fast moving. Understandable why it is a classic.
An American classic and easy to read in just a couple of days!
Such an amazing book!!!! A must read that everyone will enjoy.
The book was in great shape! Very satisfied with the purchase.
Four tries and I haven't finished it yet. I just don't get it.
"Worked for school assignment, received quickly and priced rit!"
A great classic American novel by one of our greatest writers.
"This novel typefies everything one would expect from a great novel. It's got romance, suspense, wit, humor, and of course, the story's not over until someone dies fighting for love. The Great Gatsby really is a page turner. In fact, I became so absorbed into the book that I would not realize that an hour has gone by before my eyes. yes, it's THAT good.The story is simple, really. A man from humble beginnings, Gatsby, meets his wealthy mentor, and when he dies, Gatsby inherits his fortune. He then goes south and meets a southern debutante, Daisy, from a prominent southern family, and they fall in love. Gatsby is then called off to war, during which time Daisy goes off and marries Tom. That's all the background you need to know, since revealing any more would spoil the delightfully disturbing ending for you.This novel truly personifies one man's quest for the American Dream, even if it is a bit obsessive complusive. Hats off to Fitzgerald for doing such a thorough job of exploring the depths of each character and making them all relate in the end. His unique writing style, including numerous repetitions of symbols, is what adds to his flare. For those of us who are a bit impatient, don't worry, this is perfect for you. Fitzgerald explores all the aspects of a major storyline with as few words as possible, allowing the characters to speak for themselves. As you read this, you can almost picture the motion picture that it would make, thus making the book simply that much better to read.i would recommend this book to anyone who is literate."
"""The Great Gatsby"" is a story of a man who is very rich and could buy anything he wants. But the only thing that he wants is his past love Daisy. Daisy is now unhappily married to Tom Buchanan, who is also  very wealthy. Daisy is caught between her true love Gatsby and her husband  Tom. Gatsby's quest to capture the love of his one and only Daisy leads to  heartbreak and conception. Fitzgerald does an excellent job in  portraying the mood of the roaring twenties. Gatsby's parties are described  very well and all the events show this time period. Fitzgerald also shows  the lifestyles and the characteristics of the time period of all three  classes of society. The three classes shown where Gatsby and the Buchanans  as the upper class, Nick Carraway as the middle class, and The Wilson's of  Asheville as the lower class. The second thing that Fitzgerald does well is  capturing the reader's attention. The character Jay Gatsby is a very  handsome and rich and is left very mysterious by Fitzgerald. This mystery  of such a character draws the reader into the book. Later in the novel the  reader attention is obtained by tragic and unpredictable events. One part  where the author may not have succeeded in his purpose was showing how  Gatsby obtained the ""American Dream"". The novel talks about how  Gatsby is so successful, yet Fitzgerald never even mentions directly what  he does for a living. Overall Fitzgerald is successful in portraying not  only the characteristics and lifestyles of the time but also turning it  into a popular novel that is very interesting."
"The great Gatsby is a book about rich people and how there lives are not what they seem at all. it is told by a ""outsider"" Nick he is like the boy looking into the fish bowl and the fishes are the rich people Gatsby or daisy. it is very interesting and gives a good view of the 20's. i give it 4 stars."
Nice quality . Great for the gift or for your own collection.
My teenager used this for his HS class.  Great classic read.
A great story if you can understand what exactly is going on
I like what he done said. He right good and junk. Could of used a dragon or two though. 😯
"A classic, no less. An excellent book that I fully recommend to everyone!  A must.  Lucien"
I think the whole book is worth reading just for the quote at the end about the New World.
"It's great gatsby, you have to read it, you just have to. Read it, read it now. Go on now."
"I've read this book twice, once when they forced me in school and later when I was about 27 years old. In my later reading, I fully appreciated the language of this book and view it as one of the most entrancing books I've ever read, equal in might only to The Grapes of Wrath. Will it change your life, probably not. But it brings you to a far off place, in an era that the author brings to life vivdly. I read this book a few times a year, and it never loses its power."
It is amazing how this book unmasks the American ruling class of early twentieth century.
This book is an American classic! Great book and the movie misses a lot of the story line
Love this book more and more every time I read it. Truly a classic. A one of a kind book.
"Looks at social system from the Anglo-Saxon viewpoint, prevalent at the time. A good read"
"I really enjoyed This Side Of Paradise"" so I thought I'd have a go with this one.  It is very well written,of course, and it does create a mood,but it failed to truly move me. I guess it was the narrator's detached  air. I realize that literature is a subjective art form,so I'm not going to  say""Don't read this book!"" because it might really  ""speak"" to the next person who reads it. So get the book,read it  and draw your own conclusions..!"
"When I was in college the professors said that the Great Gatsby was the  perfect novel.  I read the book again later in my 30s and realized why it  was ""perfect.""  The characters, story line, message, and  controversy of the book meshed in a way that happens only once in a life  time."
"way overrated  - sophomoric, boring lit though and through"
It's a good book about the turn of the century in America.
I don't suppose there are many who haven't heard of this book. A true masterpiece in every sense of the word. A tragic love story & tragic life story. Written in 1922 & timeless
"Gatsby is the quintessential American novel for me. It defines American lit. The story itself is intriguing. Fitzgerald's writing is stylized and amazing. It's hard to say anything that hasn't already been said before about this book, but it's definitely one of my favorite all time books."
Just a classic American novel in all senses of the words!
The cover is not as pictured.  But came in new condition.
great book and great price and the shipping was very fast
This has always been and always will be my favorite book.
A classic and a must read for everyone. Truly enjoyed it.
Book club  selection.  Always good to reread and discuss.
A great American novel that should be read once a decade.
My most favorite book of all time! Read it a dozen times!
"I read this masterpiece when I was a kid. Reading it as an adult demonstrated to me why ""The Great Gatsby"" is revered as a classic. I have to concur that although a quick read it is most enjoyable. F. Scott  pours his artistry into his work and it shows that he was indeed a great artist."
Purchased this book for my 11 year old son. He loved it!
Part of school summer packet. Good reading for the kids.
"The Great Gatsby, no review needed, you have to read it."
good service. one of Fitzgerald's best. read and reread.
Masterpiece of prose in a readable and engrossing plot.
Great storytelling. Great mood setting.  Great writing.
Slow at the start but becomes more interesting as the story progresses.
Awesome book! Loved it incredibly and am happy to have finally read it!
the cover is beautiful but I was expecting a better quality paper back.
"Beautifully written and enjoyable, no matter how many times it is read."
Always a great read. That Light! the movie really didn't do it justice.
"A classic novel of a man who had it all, except the one thing he wanted"
"This is the horrifically real tale of people and lost dreams.  The story takes place in New York in the 1930's -40's.  The main charcter, Nick is a bondsman from Wisconsin who happens to move into a house nextdoor to the mysterious Jay Gatsby who throws extraveagnt parties nightly.  Nick's summer in New York was a colorful menagerie of elaborate society where he meets his sweetheart and gets into some mixups with his cousin Daisy and Gatsby.  Nick discovers after not too much time there is a reason why Gatsby's past is so elusive and that there is a very real and very powerful agenda on Gatsby's mind. The Great Gatsby was an awesome book.  Fitzgerald has a bold voice in his writing and expresses abstrsct ideas in a very tangible form.  It gave a tragic look into life and society of the East Coast and the forlorn hopes that people hold to in their minds.  Gatsby was a pleasant read and the sentences seemed to contain so much substance that I found myself rereading a lot so I wouldn't miss anything.  I read the authorized text, so it was identical to the original publication, so it was wholly preserved.  I would reccommend this book as intriguing and enchanting to most."
"`You're worth the whole damn bunch put together.'""One of the few books I did not resent being coerced into reading by public school curriculums. One hell of a book. Three cheers for the collarless shirt, and a fourth for a story that glorifies a truly American craft--smuggling under embargoes and prohibitions. Death to the State's drug war! Long live Gatsby!"
"Aside from making a powerful statement about the so called ""American Dream,"" this novel is brilliantly written. Mr. Fitzgerald's mastery of the English language is evident in his genius sentence structure and meticulous word choice. One cannot help but stop reading to simply marvel at some of his phrasing. I highly recommend Gatsby to anyone out for great read."
Funny be asked to write a review for an acknowledged literary classic.
Good for everyone to read at least once in their lives.
"I've heard everyone say that they had to read this in school. It was never assigned to me, so as an adult, I figured I'd check it out. It was an alright read, but I didn't really see what makes it a classic. I felt that it was really slow to get going and then ended abruptly."
Commonly dubbed one of the best classics of all time!!
You don't get much better than this in terms of books!
I love this book. Delivery very fast. Overall is good.
"Tim Robbins, what talent. He became each of the characters, it was great. Enjoyed it immensely, drove beyond my destination to finish listening. Haha, never occurred to me that we have a stereo at home!!!! The last disc with F. Scott's letters was amazing, really cool."
All as expected with delivery and quality of product.
"Should have been titled ""The Mediocre Gatsby"""
Good book and is now currently in my book collection!
"I like this book, I like the description of the time."
Never ordered this book and never received it!
Beautifully written - as good as the 2013 film
Item as described. Shipping extremely s l o w.
"I decided that I needed to finally read this ""classic"" and what a disappointment...The novel isn't written all that well (despite the comments to the contrary) and is filled with non-sequiters (not in a good, fragmented Dos Passos way), jumbled fill-in-the-gap flashbacks, and poor prose. Additionally, the novel suffers from an extremely contrived plot and climax. I'm sure at one point in the history of American Literature this could have been seen as a clever and biting indictment of the upper crust of society, but reading it in 2007 exposes it as only another variety of the boring 19th century society fiction in the same vein as Austen, Bronte, etc."
Great product from a reliable seller! Thanks!
Very please with quality and timely delivery.
One of the best American novels ever written!
on re-reading after 30 years better than ever
"This still remains one of my favourite literary classics.  ""The Great Gatsby"" is set in the Jazz Era and is a story packed with many varying components which make it a success:  greed, wealth, power, obsession, and along with a love story.  The characters of Jay Gatsby, Daisy Buchanan and Tom Buchanan are bold, rich and well created.  Jay and Daisy fall in love, but while Jay is serving his country overseas, Daily marries wealthy, egotistical, arrogant Tom Buchanan. Far be it from this minor setback to deter Jay from pursuing his lady love after he returns home.  The book has a well-developed plot which holds the reader's attention from start to finish. What particularly interested me about the book (which was also made into a movie,) was the eloquent, magnetic era in which the setting took place.  One could not help but be captivated my this extraordinary period which laid many of the stepping stones to our future. You could almost picture yourself sipping tea in a stately mansion or playing polo with the greatest of men.  ""Great Gatsby"" - great book!"
We received exactly what we were looking for
"Great condition, fast delivery, great price."
delivered as promised and in mint condition.
To only have lived in this well depicted time period.  The least I can say is that it took me as close to it as I will ever come. It was almost like time travel.  I re-read it constantly just to pretend I'm there.
"Timeless writing, lost like the quality of dream. The searching spirits, striving for what they may never, spiritually, attain in this world, where self-delusion motivates, social tendencies can seem shallow. Friendships; empathy amid the cold but natural human tendencies. Incorruptible dreams amid corruption. The quality of character questioned. Observant, non-participatory narration, depicts the beauty, the waste, the prejudices and insecurity, fragility; time passing.It's indeed a deep book; many shades. Honest, romantic, beautiful, sorrowful. Emptiness found in the richest vistas. It has a resigned tone, but with affection for the failing of Gatsby, confronting the dream that has died, and is always dying. It's a Greek Tragedy really.I can't get the actor Robert Redford out of my head for Gatsby, because he was just the perfect casting for this bygone age. If u like this classic, u'll like the slower Brideshead Revisited by Eveleyn Waugh, and Donna Tartt's more recent, student classic The Secret History."
"I've tried every diet in the books. But Mr. Fitzgerald has hit upon the perfect balance of low-carb dining and exercise. His insights into plums are unparalleled. Thank you, Fitzy! You truly are a ""great"" gatsby."
Ordered book for my son for school reading.
"I had great expectation, but it was just OK"
The great American novel? C'mon people now.
High Life fiends & Gypsies.Old world Charm.
The best fictional book I read to this day!
Only one place seemed to drag a bit.  Has to be a SUPER great book to get a 5 from me.
I really liked The Great Gatsby because it is a great novel and a touching love story.
The book came just as it was advertised and was perfect for my English class project!
I love the Great Gatsby! This isn't my genre normally but the book kept my attention.
Completely obsessed with book since I was teenager! I'd buy it again in a heart beat!
I Read this so I can watch the movie. I  Wasn't sure how it would be but it was good.
"I ordered it for My daughter, received as described, she like it so I happy with it."
"Not my usual pick, great read. It's been a while since I cried at the end of a book."
Really one of the great novels of our time.  It is too bad Fitzgerald died before the novel received any recognition.  Definitely worth re-reading.
"I book this book for a English class, The book is great the Author did a great Job!!"
What can I say that has not already been stated? This is a classic.
The story that everyone has to read. Whether they wanted to or not.
Reread the old classic  loved it just as much as I did years ago...
A brilliant book. So much fun to read it again after so many years.
"Its Gatsby, what else can I say? Great Book, better than the movie!"
"It's been many years since I read THE GREAT GATSBY and I thought it was about time that I re-visited Fitzgerald.  I had forgotten how much imagery, symbolism and allegory permeates the story being related by Gatsby's neighbor Nick Carraway, whose ""seeds"" of observation are the basis from which this story sprouts.Since Fitzgerald and his wife spent much of their time post WW1 in Paris one can only assume that he was not enamored of what had become of life in the United States.  Nicks depiction of the land between the ""EGGS"" and New York City as a barren, grey valley of ashes may very well have been F. Scotts vision of American society in the 1920's with the haves and have nots obviously delineated........from the lavish parties thrown by Gatsby and the money spent on acquisitions by Tom, Daisy and Jordan , juxtaposed with the circumstances of George and Myrtle, put to rest (at least in Fitzgerald's eyes) the idea of the United States as a classless society filled with opportunity for all.  Fitzgerald, however, does point out rather eloquently that for all their wealth and material possessions the rich are for the most part just as unhappy and dissatisfied as their poorer counterparts.  Both classes are always waiting for the ""green light"" to pursue their dreams to acquire their hearts desire.GATSBY is both a morality and a mortality tale of a Godless land in which ""the eyes"" (of society?? of God??) are always watching and the fear of living is almost as great as the fear of death.  I'm glad that I ventured back into GATSBY territory because the passage of many years has opened these eyes to the greater depths of the story that I missed the first time around.  Perhaps re-reading those books most of us found so boring in English Lit class would be a good challenge for each of us to undertake."
"I know that lots of people consider this the Great American Novel, but to me it's too flawed to rank that high.The problems begin with the decision to have the story narrated by Nick, a minor character.  The first page of the story is devoted to Fitzgerald's trying to convince the reader that Nick is a reliable narrator (""I'm inclined to reserve all judgements"" -- how many people go around saying things like that, and would you believe them if they did?).  For the rest of the story he has to arrange for Nick to be everybody's confidante and present at all the crucial scenes, even when his friends are committing adultery: he's there when Gatsby shows his girlfriend his shirt collection; he's there when Tom punches HIS girlfriend in the nose; he's there at the fatal auto accident, and it's awkward that he's not there when Gatsby gets shot.Then there are the story's underlying assumptions.  Fitzgerald assumes that his (1930 WASP) audience will favor the old-rich Buchanans and dislike the newly-rich Gatsby, then tries to convince them otherwise.  If you don't have that bias in the first place, a lot of the novel is a waste.  And Fitzgerald doesn't seem to realize that Nick is old-boy-network too -- his bond-selling job is apparently so easy that he hardly ever mentions it.Then there's the 1930s racism.  To present a really contemptuous picutre of the New Rich, he describes a car of rich African-Americans.  And to hint at Gatsby's shady background, Fitzgerald brings in a Jewish racketeer  (who, of course, describes his scams to Nick in detail - see paragraph 2).The purpose of all this is to teach Nick something -- that rich people can be jerks, I guess.  Not that Nick does anything with the lesson, except write the novel."
"Follow my sarcasm. The author may have intended the same. The Great Gatsby - regarded as ""great,"" but to whom? Not the novel, but rather the subject of the novel - Jay Gatsby - who is the character central to the narrator's story. Through the eyes of the moral and perceptive Nick Carraway, we see Jay Gatsby from the narrator's point-of-view. But we also get glimpses of how he affects other characters. Is he the great party-goer that everyone wonders and gossips about? Is he a true, self-made millionaire we all strive to be? Is he a romatic at heart? Or is he nothing more than a phony and shallow swindler and roadside magician?Considered a compliment to Eliot's ""The Waste Land"" - one can see that the narrator delivers a little ethical punch as to why such opulent and destructive wealth can ruin a man. Perspectives of what makes a man great become the game of the novel. No one really knows the real Gatsby - no one, except for Nick.Having read it in high school and now again some twenty years later, I can see what makes it inaccesible for adolescence yet endearing and profound for adults; it is the rift between the opposites that a mature and experienced audience can all relate to. For Nick, it's about distinguishing truth from falsehoods; the deeply genuine from the superficial. For the rest, it's the pendulum swing of getting rich and disregarding the poor, the city and its ""valley of ashes"" over its affluent suburbs. Then for other charatcers - like Tom, Daisy, and Myrtle - there is the sometimes violent gap between love and lust. The themes of this novel are timeless and multi-layered; and it seems Fitzgerald made no attempts to disguise them. It's an easy read to get through in a day, but you could spend several weeks analyzing it.As for his style, Fitzgerald clearly attempted to write a simple novel with descriptions that are sometimes weaved with a demanding and moralizing inner voice. His dialogue runs deep with meaning, in that it's about what they don't say. While reading it, you have to remind yourself that the dialogue and descritption that is absent reflects what the author is not telling us - the characters themselves are absent from reality and what they are unable or unwilling to face.It's a step above realism, in that we have implicit opinions about culture and society through the eyes of his narrator which are balanced evenly among the aforementioned plot details and character actions. But even this lends itself to a good literary discussion. Can the narrator be trusted? Is the narrator in search of something greater? Is he fair? Is he leaving anything out? Gatsby, afterall, ""represented everything for which I have an unaffected scorn,"" as he states on the second page. The foreshadowing lures you into wondering why. What has he done to anger the narrator? And yet what makes him ""great""?As a period piece, it's undeniably an essential read to the Jazz Age canon. Otherwise, the recurring themes make it highly relevant to today's issues of greed, shallowness, and loss of faith. Decide for yourself whether the destructive avarice still rings true for Long Island, New York, for society in general."
"Great book, I like how it shows how deceiving women and men can be"
"The ending seems quite abrupt, but that's not necessarily bad. The only thing that annoys me about this book is that the protagonist doesn't seem to have much depth. All of the other characters in the book are much more fleshed-out than the first-person narrator and it bugged me that it felt a bit hollow.Still good though."
"Can one lead a happy life while hoping to relive the past? F. Scott Fitzgerald explores the perils of optimism in The Great Gatsby, which points out that although optimism sustains one's drive for life, the hope of a bright future may be devastating as it often requires the need to revive one's past, a difficult task that often generates misery when one's memories cannot be recreated. Fitzgerald portrays this message through America's famous Jazz Age set in the 1920's, as Jay Gatsby, a self-made man, rises from poverty to become one of the richest men in a fabricated town, West Egg. Despite his new role in society, Gatsby fails to achieve the only dream he has- regaining his ex-lover, Daisy Buchanan's love. Despite the two lovers' past intimate relationship, Daisy represents society's artificiality as she dismisses Gatsby's love to retain her husband, Tom, and cling onto Tom's noble name. This allows her to automatically achieve a protective seal of respect in society, which comes with Tom's last name, and therefore, does not need to be earned through hard work. Gatsby's tragic ending symbolizes not only the frailty of America's desire for true happiness and social equality, as seen through the fact that even Gatsby's wealth cannot overcome society's critical view of his poor roots. Fitzgerald thus explores the deep meaning of life and society through his creation of Great Gatsby, a man great only because of his rise from poverty, but tragic and pathetic to the noble, who accept only those with ""royal blood."" The Great Gatsby is a timeless literary achievement because of its skillful and universal observation of human nature, but may prove to be depressing to those who enjoy comedy and ""happily ever after"" endings, as Gatsby ends up being far from normal people's view of ""great""."
"The author of The Great Gatsby is F. Scott Fitzergerald.  The theme of this novel is the declining of the American dream.  The falling action of the story is a tragedy because the Gatsby, Wilson, and Myrtle Wilson die in the story.  The setting of the story is in Long Island.  West Egg and East Egg, which are both next to each other, are fictional places in the novel which are near New York City and are both separated from each other by a river.  Nick Carraway, who is the main character of the story, narrates the story so well and is Gatsby's friend.  A green light, which is in East Egg, can be seen from West Egg.In the plot, Nick drives to Daisy Buchanan's house in order to have dinner with Daisy Buchanan who lives with her husband, Tom, who is arrogant, and tall.  Nick then drives to New York City with Tom and Myrtle, whose husband is George.  They go to this party, which has a lot of people invited, in an apartment in New York City.  After some time in the party, Tom punches her wife in the nose because her wife said that she would say Daisy a lot and because she was shouting when she said that.  After many days, Gatsby sends a man to Nick's house in order to give him an invitation to Gatsby's party.  The Owl Eyed man, who is a strange character, realizes that the books in Gatsby's library are real so he tells Nick and a few others that the book are real; however, Nick and the others probably don't believe that the books are real.  After a long period in the novel, Nick, Gatsby, Daisy, and Tom go to New York City in order to go into a big building.  After they leave the building, Daisy accidentally crashed her car into Myrtle Wilson who died at this time, so George Wilson, who loves her wife so much became angry at Jay Gatsby because he was in the car that hit her wife.  At the end of the novel, Nick Carraway sits on the beach in West Egg staring at the light, which is in East Egg, on the other side of the river.There is a billboard in the story with a picture of a face of Doctor T. J. Eckleburg wearing glasses.  The picture on the billboard is one of the symbols, which represents God staring down at the American people, in the story.  Another symbol includes the valley of Ashes between West Egg and New York City.  The valley of ashes represents the poor people.  The green light is another symbol in the novel; it represents the Gatsby's hopes and dreams in the future.I believe the story is very interesting to read, so I would recommend others to read it.  I enjoyed reading some parts of the novel very much such as when Gatsby told Nick Carraway about the accident between the yellow car and Myrtle Wilson and such as when Owl Eyes were talking about the books in Gatsby's library with Nick and his friends.  George Wilson is a very interesting character because he is the only one that murders a person in the novel after getting angry after Tom tells George who killed his wife.  Owl Eyes is also a very interesting character because  he came to the funeral and Nick Carraway did not know that he would come to the funeral and because he crashed his car into another car.  The wreck of his car was conspicuous to chauffeurs."
"Melanie VelaAmerican Literature IIMs. KroneJune 2, 2005Book ReviewThe Great Gatsby is a fictional novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald.It is a story of one man's desperate attempt at rekindling a past relationship with a beautiful woman named Daisy. She is a wealthy materialistic woman who, due to the difference of social classes, does not marry Gatsby, and while he is shipped off for war, marries a more wealthy man. The real conflict is set off when Nick Carraway, a distant cousin of Daisy comes to visit for the summer. He tries to help Gatsby win back Daisy, who has now become a very wealthy and popular man by throwing large extravagant parties.  This leads to drama and conflict This book is Fitzgerald's life in a couple hundred pages Fitzgerald is Gatsby in many ways. Gatsby moved to New York in hopes for fulfilling a dream and so too did Fitzgerald. Fitzgerald met and fell in love with a woman who would not marry him due to the fact that he had no money. He wins her over by becoming a famous author. The alcoholism that is portrayed in this play by the party guests reflects Fitzgerald who became a heavy drinker. The Great Gatsby was Fitzgerald's attempt at being remembered for a long time. It has always been his dream to be great. Gatsby was Gatz attempt at being great also. I think that is why Fitzgerald entitled his book The Great Gatsby, because Gatsby was supposed to be a great, popular guy who made something of himself. However, Gatsby wasn't great since everyone used him and his main goal to win over Daisy failed. This book was good in ways that the storyline was interesting and that the ending was very suspenseful. I also liked how Fitzgerald made the narrator a truthful and moral man as the narrator because it allowed the reader to trust that his details of the characters were right, and to trust his judgment which also allowed seeing the characteristics and personalities of each character.  Fitzgerald's in depth description of different aspects was needed but at other times it just felt like a run on words.  It at times did create the mood, but for the most part, it created a boring façade upon the reader. It was slow and the real action of the book occurred late. Overall, this book wasn't so good. I would not recommend the book to those who like action or drama in every page. The whole story was just one jumble of words that bored the reader page after page."
"The Great Gatsby, a fiction novel by F. Scott Fitzgerald, is a book about romance and the struggle to attain it. The main character and narrator Nick Carraway looks back on the romantic heartaches of Jay Gatsby. Gastby is a wealthy, white man in New York City who longs for the love he once had with Daisy. However, Daisy is married to another man, Tom Buchanan. The book centers around this love triangle and the materialistic society that wants to bask in Gastby's fortune. The mood of the book is very dark, pessimistic, and vapid as set by the purposelessness and carelessness of the wealthy and its tragic ending of both Myrtle and Gatsby. Only Nick Carraway's honest view of life breathes hope into the book's sense of tragedy.Personally, I found the book to be rather sad and depressing. Overall it was entertaining but you couldn't help feeling sorry for the character of Gatsby towards the end of the story. I disagree with how Tom and Daisy seemed to make a mess of people's lives, theirs included, to only leave and let other unfortunate people deal with the repurcussions of their mistakes. Daisy was a woman drawn to money and sophistication. And during the book states that she hopes her daughter grows up to be a beautiful fool, when in reality, Daisy was a fool herself. She constantly let men and their powers by money influence her love and because of this I came to resent her the most of all the characters. It didn't seem fair to me how she killed Myrtle and proceeded to live her life with Tom as if nothing had changed. And it astounded me how Tom could then lead Myrtle's husband, Wilson, to believe that it was Gatsby himself who had killed him. This book only taught me that the great love of money, power, and respect can influence people to do horrible things. This is something you tend to see more and more in society whether you're in the year 1920 or 2005."
"The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald is a dramatic novel that deals with the aspirations and dreams of some people and the way they affect relationships with others. The book's theme is complex yet one that most people can relate to; hope, the passing of time, undying love. The novel takes place in early 1920's New York; normally looked at as a decadent period, where money and partying were ways of life for a generation of young people who knew no other way. Among this crowd stands a group of people (our main characters) who, despite not being susceptible to this way of life, are very much a part of it, and, in some cases, are trapped in by it.The novel is narrated by a young man named Nick Carraway. Long a Midwesterner, he travels to New York in his late 20's to become a bonds dealer. He settles in the ""West Egg"" district of Long Island, which, in the fictional geography of the novel, is divided into two boroughs - West and East Egg. He is quickly drawn into the circles of anonymous parties thrown by faceless rich people. His only real contacts are his distant cousin, Daisy Buchanan, and her racist, sexist husband, Tom Buchanan. He soon befriends his very mysterious ""Trimalchio"" (party host) neighbor, Jay Gatsby, and slowly but surely is caught in the middle of a drama fueled by broken dreams and sincere hope.Once used to the language and literary style of the book (which is very different from more modern writing) this book is very addictive. The imagery is beautiful; often, the very human characters say or do very memorable things, and the storyline is perfectly paced. And many of the issues the author mentions (but does not try to present explanations or solutions for) are still relevant today; class differences, lost love, alienation. And the fact that 80 years have passed since this period does not take you out of the story or dialogue; often, the situations in the book could just easily have happened today.Overall, The Great Gatsby is an excellent book, easily worth reading by anybody. It tells you a lot about the period it was written in, and even tells you more than the generalities often associated with this period; it probes that not everyone in the Roaring 20's were so willing to throw money out of their car windows and hop speakeasys; the characters in this book are struggling with problems in society many people are still struggling with today. I definitely recommend The Great Gatsby."
"I thoroughly enjoyed reading The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald.  I especially enjoyed Fitzgerald's intricate portrayal of Jay Gatsby as the American hero, a self-made man who accomplishes the American dream of rising from ""rags to riches,"" but who is ultimately incomplete because the one thing for which he desires, Daisy, is unobtainable.  Daisy is restricted by social conventions, duty towards her husband, and also by the death of Gatsby, and therefore can only remain elusive as a dream.  The irony of expectations is not only reflected in Gatsby's story but also in the ""boom and bust"" consumerism and mass production of the Roaring Twenties.  On the outside, the Roaring Twenties seemed like an endless age of consumption, wealth, and happiness characterized with an easy-going ""get-rich-fast"" mentality.  However, corruption also flourished during this era.  Prohibition heightened organized crime and introduced bootleggers and ""speakeasies.""  Anti-foreign sentiment ignited a new Ku Klux Klan.  Union workers and farmers fell into poverty as the result of rising prices.  On the outside, Gatsby seems to have it all:  extravagant riches, elegant parties and friends, and happiness.  However, on the inside, he is incomplete without the one whom he loves so dearly, Daisy.  He searches in vain to obtain her as his own but she is ultimately outside his grasp.  Fitzgerald weaves his own cynical views into the novel and gives a thorough examination into life in the 1920s, providing a realistic outlook for the reader.  His intricate portrayal allowed me to experience the positive and negative effects of the 1920s without actually being there.  I can easily see why The Great Gatsby has often been revered as the ""classic American novel."""
"I've never been a fan of books that most people tend to overlook as classic, yet this one is an exception.  What's wonderous and sad about this book is that Gatsby is a human being.  How can anyone compare Gatsby to a human being?  He is a robot isn't he.  After all, no human would exploit himself to the degree that Gatsby would.  Yet it's part of the American culture and tradition to be a shameful exploiter in the first place.  Think about all of the ""me-tooers"" that you've known in your life. It would be most disingenuous to ""not"" recognize anyone that exploits himself for profit.  Yet Gatsby is the biggest exploiter of them all.  He is the epitome of that ""American Dream""  He is that big fish in the school of fish.  Fitzgerld writes so eloquently yet so tragically the life of one such ""big fish"" in this book.  It is a part of capitalism to ""at least"" take notice to what the big fish are doing.  Who in your lives represent the big fish.  Is it the mass media?  Is it Rush Limbaugh?  All in all, when we end up reading the Great Gatsby we end up relating to some of the characters in the book.  Maybe you're the ""conservative"" Tom Buchanan.  Maybe you had a past affair with someone and would do ""everything"" to win her heart.  Maybe you try to be like Nick.  Although I'm not WASP, I end up relating to some of the characters in the book.  I actually almost cried when Gatsby's father wrote the letter to Nick at the end explaining the dillemma his son was in.  I felt Fitzgerald was doing a great public service by exploiting the true misery that wealth brings and how it corrupts the soul.  In closing, this book has helped me adjust to American life and warrants me to read mor Fitzgerald books.P.S.  If this book is too complicated, read the cliff notes."
"The Great Gatsby is a story about a group of characters that all see things in the wrong perspective. Gatsby, the main character, lives an illegal life for the love of a silly married rich girl named Daisy. Daisy thinks that ignorance will get women far in life. In my opinion she is pretty ignorant her self. Tom, Daisy's husband, thinks that money and power gives him the right to do what he wishes to do, including hit women and cheat on his wife with Myrtle Wilson. Myrtle is also married and hopes to one day live a glamorous life with Tom, but Tom is lying when he said he would leave his wife for Myrtle. Myrtle's husband, George Wilson, is a depressed man that looks at life as though it were covered in ashes. The others live in West Egg also known as New York, the city of sin. These confused individuals all have one thing in common and that is that their outlook on life is all wrong. In the story I found that F. Scott Fitzgerald used colors to help express the characters. He did this by using the green light outside Gatsby's house to show that he had money; he used white dresses that Daisy, Daisy's daughter, and Jordan wore to show they were rich. The Valley of Ashes is a symbol of a gray gloomy dark depressed place. The author did this to describe the setting more clearly to the reader. I enjoyed the color coordination in the book. The colors make this book more interesting and unique. The characters in ""The Great Gatsby"" were overall selfish people that really did not care much about anyone else. Gatsby's love for Daisy clouds his mind and the thoughts about how Daisy is married already and has a child. Their love affair could jeopardize Tom and Daisy's marriage and the daughter. Tom cheats on his wife regardless that there is a child involved. No one in the story really mentions anything about the welfare of the child. Everyone seems to be much too involved in other things. George just wants to up and leave so bad that he overlooks Myrtle's feelings. Myrtle hurts George to the point of depression, and won't even go to a church when his friend suggests it to him. Daisy leads Gatsby on, knowing that she can't and won't leave Tom. Nick's need to be friendly to everyone blinds him to the point were he can't prevent the tragedies that occur when it's possible to do so. If I could change on thing about the book The Great Gatsby it would be Gatsby's love for Daisy. The whole love thing between Gatsby and Daisy dose not make sense at all. I would change this because Gatsby's love for her leads to tragedy. Gatsby could have done better. Gatsby was a strange guy that did too much for too little. Gatsby let himself be taken for granted. I would recommend this book to anyone that is selfish or someone that looks at love, money, power, or dreaming as though this means everything in the world. These things may be good to have but, like in The Great Gatsby, too much can lead a person to his end. This is a book that made me really think about the consequences that result from selfish actions. This book has a great message about life."
"The movie version of The Great Gatsby, was very concise with the book. I was surprised that the lines were said word for word. It made the book become real, and I was finally able to see certain places that I couldn't picture in my head while reading the book. I believe that while the settings and events were accurate some of the actors that played their character could have been chosen better to fit the part. The performance of Nick played by Paul Rudd did an excellent job with his character. In the book I was always picturing Nick to be this man that was relatively quiet, boring, and the most normal of all the Great Gatsby characters. In the movie that's exactly what he played. He did a good job looking very glum throughout the book, and I believed his character very much.As for Gatsby, who was played by Toby Stephens, I feel they could have found someone that would have played the part better. I pictured a character that looked older, and wasn't so perfect looking, (hair, teeth, etc.). I just feel that he didn't play up to his role, and when he spoke I didn't feel as though the movie was as real anymore, because I don't think he fit the character. I also think it could be due to the fact that finding an actor for the role of Gatsby would be difficult because Gatsby is such a hard character to play.The movies accuracy to the book was extremely concise, and fitting. I totally believed it, and the director, (Robert Markowitz) did an excellent job keeping things parallel with the book, instead of putting a Hollywood spin on things. The characters were mostly played well and were accurate with the exception of Tom, whom I thought would be a much heavier and stouter character, and Myrtle, whom, I thought would have more beauty to her than she did. Even though she played such a small role, I though that Tom and Daisy's little girl would have been a blonde haired cute little thing, and turned out to have brownish/blackish WILD curly hair. Of course Gatsby, who I felt didn't fit his character well at all.The production of the film was very well done. The settings and places in the book were extremely concise in matching up with the book. The tone and the feel of the movie were well done also. The book, to me, felt dark and depressing, and surprisingly enough the movie gave off that vibe too.Mr. M made us watch this movie."
"The Great Gatsby, a book about love, wealth, triumph, and tragidy, was written by Scott F. Fitzgerald (1896-1940).  Fitzgerald's original purpose for writing was to become wealthy and to impress his new wife, Zelda Sayre.  Soon after his first book was published, he realized that he liked writing  so much, he would make it his life-long profession. The Great  Gatsby is a book that tells us the way of life and love during the  twenties.  The book's main character, Nick Carraway tells of life, from his  30 year old male's perspective.  Nick, living in the lower middle class,  moved east to New York in search of riches, but what he finds, is an  unexpected wealth that will change his view of life forever.  Fitzgerald wrote this book to present the Roaring Twenties or the Jazz Age.  The twenties marked the decade where the American economy, and status  levels, peaked.  The rich were very rich, and the poor, very poor.  Fitzgerald compared and contrasted these two groups very well.  I believe  what enabled him to do this was that during his life-time, he experienced  both being rich, and being poor.  Throughout the book, Fitzgerald  contrasts the rich and the poor's status level.  Through Nick, he talks  about how the rich were looked up to and the poor were looked down on, with  the exception of Nick's very wealthy next door neighbor, Jay Gatsby.  Nick  admire's Mr. Gatsby, he tells us this by writing about him, ""He has an  extraordinary gift for hope, a romantic readiness such as I have never  found in any other person and which it is not likely I shall ever find  again.""  In the same way, Mr. Gatsby treats Nick like he treats  everyone.  He is able to see past status and money, and look straight into  the  heart.  As the story continues, Nick becomes Mr. Gatsby's best, and  only true friend. This book also illustrates the racism and rivalry  between blacks and whites during this period.  Nick tells us about this as  he is driving in Mr. Gatsby's Rolls Royce.  ""As we crossed Blackwell's  Island a limousine passed us, driven by a white chachauffuer, in which sat  three modish negroes, two bucks and a girl.  I laughed aloud as the yolks  of their eyeballs rolled toward us in haughty rivalry.""  Fitzgerald  emphasized the race struggle many times during the book.  One time, near  the end, a fight breaks out over love.  Jordan, exasperated at the  immaturity of the two men, intently said, ""Come on, we're all white  here!"" After Mr. Gatsby's death, Nick Carraway decided to  travel back to his homeland in the west.  As he was reflecting on the past  few years, he suddenly realized that Mr. Gatsby had not only been a good  freind, but also an excellent mentor.  Mr. Gatsby had been trying to teach  him by his example that money has little or nothing to do with wealth.  Wealth comes from your heart, not your pocket. Though I thoroughly  enjoyed the book, Fitzgerald's writing was very new to me.  At times, it  was confusing or did not seem complete.  I must say however, Fitzgerald did  an excellent job at answering all of the many questions that were brought  up during this story.  I now understand why his books were chosen to  ""Speak for the 20's!"""
Loved the book and it was delivered in good condition.
I read the Great Gatsby for school in my junior year of high school and loved it.  It is beautifully written and is full of great insight.  It is an awesome example of Lost Generation literature.  The ending is fantastic.  Please read this book.
"The story line is good, but the writing is great."
Good product. Accurate description. Fast shipping
a gift was in great condition and very good price
I love this story and re-read it every few years.
Great! It got here on time and was great quality!
Absolutely the great American novel.  'Nuff said.
"Too pricey for such a small, very few pages book."
i got the book when u said and it was really good
"This is a story of a man who tries to impress a girl, by showing her he can be apart of the upper class in New York City.  The story is narrated by Nick Carraway, who met the main character, Jay Gatsby at one of Gatsby's parties.  Gatsby, whose real name is James Gatz, has moved from North Dakota to New York City to prosper as a wealthy stock broker.  That is a very different change, even if it's in the 1920's.  Gatsby has one intention throughout the story that is to get Daisy back.  She is a past fling that took place in Louisville, Kentucky.  Daisy is married to Tom, who is very wealthy.  Tom, unlike Gatsby, has had wealth in his family that dates back several generations.  Tom says, "".....""  Tom is having an affair with Myrtle Wilson.  Nick meets Jordan Baker, whose name represents Lexus or Mercedes in current times because both Jordan and Baker were popular automobiles during the time.  Nick invites Gatsby and Daisy over to his home so they can meet up with each other again.  This makes Tom jealous because Gatsby and Daisy fall in love again.  Tom invites the whole crew out to eat and accuses Gatsby of causing trouble with him and Daisy.  They tell everyone that they are in love and leave.  George Wilson, Myrtle's husband, also gets into a fight and she leaves, only to be hit by the car that Daisy is driving.  Tom tells George that Gatsby is responsible for the Myrtle's death and George goes to Gatsby's home and kills Gatsby, but then turns and shoots himself.  Nobody shows up to Gatsby's funeral in the end, which I perceive as you can change the outside of a person, but not the inside."
"The books included in the Cambridge edition of the works of F. Scott Fitzgerald are expensive, but they're surely worth every cent of it. In fact, they're are the best ones I`ve ever read.In this edition of the old Gatsby, for instance, you""ll find a rich amount of explanatory notes, illustrations and editorial apparatus -- all suitable for a deeper scholarly reading of a classic masterpiece.I don't see how anybody could make a better edition than this one, because it allows you, like no other one, to see how the author developed the book and the characters. (There's even an early draft of one of the main passages in the book -- the confrontation between Gastby and Tom at the Plaza Hotel.)The result will be even better if you also read another volume in the Cambridge edition: ""Trimalchio"", which is an early version of Gastby. If you're a Fitzgerald buff, don't miss it, old sport."
"I had first read ""The Great Gatsby"" while still in grade school, and although I was left with a general climate of decadence and admiration for Jay Gatsby, I did not understand the depth of this short, but perfect novel. Then I read it again many years later (when I came to live on Long Island) and only then fully appreciated.It is pointless to try to re-tell the plot here, because the complicated character of Gatsby (a truly American self-made man who never forgot his love, but with a secret in his past) and the simplicity and shallowness of Daisy and Tom are revealed in a sequence of events that has to be uncovered step by step.And still I feel that Fitzgerald caught without any mistake or hesitation the atmosphere of that time in America between wars, the people who could be either fully aware or careless and childish. A marvelous achievement, a cult book for many people, myself included."
A touching Story Of how Greed kills all
its the great gatsby what's more to say
"Got here quickly,in perfect condition!!"
Fast shippingCame as espected! :)
"Slow start, intriguing towards the end."
one of the beautiful story ever I read.
Love this book. Too pretty to touch! :)
A classic that my young daughter enjoys
Supergreat beyond compare.  A Fun book.
"""Pursuit of happiness""? More like the pursuit of money leading into happiness. The novel starts off with a dull beginning but soon develops into what is known as one of the greatest written novels during the First World War. In the Great Gatsby, F. Scott Fitzgerald uses the theme of importance of social class along with money status to show that Mr. Jay Gatsby is a symbol for the average American during the 1920s. The story is narrated by Nick Carraway who is a young lad living in West Egg, Long Island. Next to him lives the infamous Jay Gatsby who falls in love with a taken woman. Gatsby and Daisy Buchanan had met five years earlier and had fallen in love but unfortunately Jay left and was not able to contact Daisy for some time. After waiting for five long years Daisy decides to marry Tom who is one of Nick's friends from college. Sooner or later Gatsby and Daisy meet up again at Nick's house and fall in love all over again. Nick ends up being caught in a love tangle when he finds out that not only are Daisy and Gatsby having an affair but also that Tom has an affair with Myrtle Wilson. In the end three people end up dead due to the entanglement, but it is made clear that Daisy's choice to stay with Tom is solely based upon the recently found news that Gatsby was actually a poor man who inherited money. This then ties in the theme of ""money does matter"" and the downfall of the American society due to a shortage of money in the 1920s seen on pages 40-41. I recommend this book to those who are interested in reading twisted romance novels with a little rising action thrown in."
"Thought is was too boring and slow, but it is a classic and a must read for most HS Juniors.  Drink a lot of coffee while reading it, or read it early in the morning when you're not tired."
"Even though I only had to read this for school, I can tell you one thing through my forced reading: the only good thing about this book was that I could read it fast.  Fitzgerald puts across some good points, but the book  left me without the feeling of having been there and only with images of  what happened.  He did not do a very good job of emphasizing the important  points, and I'm afraid I missed some of them.  I would only recommend this  book if your intent is a long-term study of writers of the 20th century."
"Other than the story being good, The Great Gatsby contains some of the most beautifully written prose in the English language.  For that and the emotional power, you must read this book."
didnt read my son needed it for school
Giftr to my grandson who asked for it.
Absolutely the best book in the world!
Great read now I can look at the movie
I would recommend this book to anyone.
"great about a special time in history,"
Great book. I just hated how it ended.
"Good read, though nothing spectacular."
A classic with a strong moral message.
"A little bloated; overrated classic. Characters boring,but reflect the self-absorbsion of the '20s.Worth the effort, if only to grow one's perception of the pre-depression U. S."
"Laughter echoes into the chilly city air as a collection of musician delicately stroke their instrument to the beat of the party. Glasses click gently together, while men in black ties and women in luxurious dresses drown away life's problem under the elaborate mansion. In the Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald, the story depicts the Jazz Age in the 1920s, while it revolves around the drama in the East and West Egg Village. Jay Gatsby, a self-made man, is hopelessly enchanted by the beautiful and married, Daisy Buchanan. Holding on to bittersweet memories, Gatsby hopes to rekindle the flame between them five years ago. As he desperately holds on to a lost dream, corruption and deception wiggles into the life of the upper classes. Set in the 1920s, Fitzgerald gives the reader a deeper understanding of the conditions and fast paced lifestyle of the Jazz Age. In a descriptive and easy to read manner, he guides the reader that one can have everything in the world, but true happiness lies within things that are not tangible. Masterfully Fitzgerald displays this through Jay Gatsby, whose obsession and only happiness lies blindly with the conceited Daisy. Without holding back, Fitzgerald explains the flawed nature that exists in every human being rich or poor. The story is filled with symbolism and unique imagery of the glamorous Jazz Age. The Great Gatsby is an instant classic and respectable piece of literature because of its refreshing viewpoint about the flawed American Dream, which illusion and chaos spur from."
"Jay Gatsby's life plays out like a autobiography of F. Scott Fitzgerald himself because it is. The Great Gatsby is more  authentic and wonderful because the author himself lived in the twenties. He wrote about what he knew and his finished product turned out to be a great contribution to American canon. The two settings contrast the other as the story moves along the sparkling East and West Eggs to a old run-down gas station. The setting is important as they show the power money and greed hold over people. Jay Gatsby is a ""new money"" millionaire that is in love and slightly obsessed with Daisy who rejected him years before because of his shabby upbringing. Gatsby, determined to be Daisy's ""gold-hatted lover"", makes himself a fortune that his mysterious past helps him with. Gatsby throws elaborate parties(a reflection of the twenties) hoping that his beloved Daisy will come running back into his arms. The only problem is Daisy is married to the rich and jealous Tom Buchanan.The narrator Nick Carraway, Daisy's distant cousin, moves in next door to Gatsby and the inevitable happens: character's lives start to mingle and intertwine.There is no happy message and hardly anyone gets what they want at the end but  I was entertained and moved by this book. It is a realistic story that has all the elements it takes to enjoy a book: jealousy, suspense, love and humor. And will you look at that: all before the days of major motion pictures. See, screenwriters don't make all this stuff up."
Loved it but I'm a fan of Fitzgerald.
One of the great book for discussion.
My son used it for his English class. He enjoyed reading it. He had to have it for a book report.
"I was kept interested and it's better than the movie. I could not put the book down, it was good."
"This book was a great read. Once started, I could not stop.  So sorry the way that it had to end."
Loved it! Would recommend it to all. Goes to show how we treat people in this life. Sad but true.
I had a hard time getting into the story.Don't have 11 more words.  Said what I needed in 9
I loved this story the first time I read it and I have loved it even more the second time around.
"Had to read it in high school many many years ago and hated it .  Now I love, love, loved it!!!!!"
Content with book.  I can't wait for the movie to be out.  I'm ready to see the book come to life
Makes you analyze how our world is set in its ways and how the analytics of time truly affect us.
This book came in as I had expected it too be as well as on time! Very happy with this purchase!!
"Amazing book, could not put it down."
Fitzgerald's writing is hypnotizing.
it's brand new. and it looks so good
"I read this whole book in one sitting.  I LOVED IT!! It is by far my new favorite book. It was truly the first ""school book"" that I could not put down.  I highly suggest it!"
"Truly one of the classics.Well written and as a ""classic"" a book that does not want to be left alone.A great study of human nature at that time."
"** spoiler alert ** I can honestly say that I expected to hate this book as it wasn't the type of book I would usually reach for, but as one chosen for me by my favourite book club I got to read it, and I liked it.So many cliches come to mind when I think about this book. Those phrases you've vaguely heard about the grass not being greener on the other side, that all people have their secrets, that even the seemingly happy may not be so, and that we all die alone.Whilst well written and beautiful in a literal sense, it was just such a twisted web of illusion and tradgedy where nobody ended up happy and it was possible that nobody ever really knew the truth about any of the other characters.It may be just me, but I found it a bit like a car wreck and I couldn't look away and finished it quite fast."
ONE OF THE GREATEST AMERICAN NOVELS
"Great book, great story, great read"
One of the best writers in history!
a classic. Who wouldn't enjoy this?
Really is the great American novel.
An amazing book in great condition.
"fast shipping, product as described"
More overrated than the Kardashians
"This slim novel of simple prose by F. Scott Fitzgerald is considered by many to be the greatest American story, the tale of what an empty life one can lead if one adheres too strongly to the American Dream.  Jay Gatsby has risen to prominence in a method seeming to be right out of a Horatio Alger novel.  Born a Westerner of no consequence, Gatsby has acquired his millions, moved to a Long Island mansion, and thrown lavish parties nightly.  Only later we learn that he has done all this for the single goal of marrying Daisy Buchanan, a woman he romanced for a month in his youth.However, Gatsby's single-mindedness is his downfall.  Every action, every acquaintance, every acquisition over a five-year span has only helped him to romanticize his quest.  Gatsby fails to question whether he wants to belong to Daisy's world, and he cannot comprehend that Daisy's daily concerns about her wealth may temper her love for him.Through the eyes of Nick Carraway, another misplaced Westerner, but one with his feet firmly planted in the less-manicured lawns of reality, Fitzgerald weaves a tapestry of the excesses of New York in the Jazz Age.  It is a world of people bonded together by ""their money or their vast carelessness"" who ""let other people clean up the mess they had made.""  Gatsby could not find fulfillment in his elaborate hoax because he is too honest to enjoy the illusion he created."
"I have to say, that as is the case with many regarded literary classics, Gatsby took awhile to grow on me. Four years in fact.As a junior in high school this was required reading. I remember reading it then, checking out opinions on it before getting around to it, and becoming somewhat excited with the conversation and debate that would inevitably follow the assignment. I found the novel then, in complete contrast to my opinion now, to be a completely boring and pointless read.Last year as a college sophmore I decided to give it another go. Enough time had passed where I forgot many of the details of the piece that it naturally seemed like a good idea for a quick read. The lingering first impression of Gatsby, along with the seemingly endless amount of opinions contrasting with my own, convinced me that this book was worth a second shot.Without getting into various personal (and probably subjective) interpretations on the many themes and symbols throughout, I simply have to say that I now regard it as one of the best books ever written. While the aforementioned aspects of literature (themes/symbols) play a large part in distinguishing this book from many others, for me it was the prose and the story itself. It's just too bad it took some personal growth and a bit more patience to finally appreciate it- I can't even go on about it because I loved it so much."
Gatsby dies at the end?  Who knew?  Didn't see that one coming.
"good book, really good conditions."
Fast shipping and perfect quality!
Better than I expected a good tale
Came on time with no damage! Woot!
Had high hopes... bit disappointed
A good read but not spell binding.
Excellent  Lots of lessons learned
"I shall read this book again and again. Tears streaming down my face I read the last chapter and knew that this book was always meant to be my favorite. Beautifully written and penned during one of the most exhilarating times in history, it captured mind and soul instantly. Few things that I have come across in life have been able to capture such a tragic and gorgeous snapshot of love. Love like it was portrayed through the character of Jay Gatsby I believe to be exceedingly rare. Most of us feel that rose-colored feeling at least once in our lives (if not more). It is in our inability to cling to that pure love that we fall short of the passion that Gatsby embodied. Even Daisy so in love at first with Jay fell away. Life has a way of coming in and crushing it out: with money, with pride, with time, with things. It is a feeling indeed too true for us to understand to completely and too strong for us to grasp for very long. Extraordinary indeed, then that Gatsby could do that very thing - hold on to that authentic, bright, untainted love even through all the years. The main character- an observer- touched on the reason briefly in the very first chapter...""it was an extraordinary gift for hope"". I would encourage anyone to read this book if only to glimpse for a few short hours into what the rest of us lack in extremity...tremendous hope and  untarnished love."
"By far a must read for any literate human being.  The great american  novel.  Amazing literature by Fitzgerald, I have read it over 100 times and  will forever."
A great classic novel. Must read.
"As described,  delivered in time."
Our daughter used this in school.
As described and arrived promptly
Got for the daughter for high school English. Good shipping.
"This is the second F. Scott Fitzgerald book that I've read.  He never fails to capture my attention.  I highly recommend it if you like stories about longings, first and last impressions and stories about human nature and how varied are the ways people react to temptations and other people's problems."
"Very interesting book, made seeing the movie more enjoyable"
"Everybody loves Fitz.....great love story, beautifully told"
"Reasonable price; fast  shipping, what more could I ask for"
Bought this book as required reading for my son.  Good book
Great read!  Surprisingly easy read that sucks you right in
"Quite simply, the greatest novel yet written by an American"
"I don't really need to review the actual book.  We all know and love it.  I'm just going to say that the image on Amazon won't be the book cover you'll receive.  It's still the same old ugly cover art we grew up with.  That's not really Amazon's fault, but the publisher really needs to update it."
"While this is not a bad book, it is not the master-piece I expected. One of the reviewers before actually gave it a 4 star review despite the fact that she or he admittedly did not even finish it! This is probably what you'd call a biased judgement. The Great Gatsby is certainly an interesting book to study (as would be any book, in my opinion) but I cannot say I enjoyed it too much, even if the images and underlying themes are interesting. I have to say I read it in the Penguin edition, so I don't know about the preface of this one, but I found helpful the essay displayed there (always read these introductions and stuff AFTER you read the novel, otherwise it's merely a spoiler and it can't deepen your understanding of the book since you know nothing of it at that moment).Despite all this I cannot bring myself to give it more than 3 stars, I hesitated longly between 2 and 3 to be honest."
"a classic, loved it.......again!"
It had a lot of notes written in
Good book. I enjoyed reading it.
It came quickly and it was great
"Was what i expected, fair price."
"""The Great Gatsby"" serves up writing as tight and evocative as can be. One part trenchant social commentary, one part Dominick Dunne-like pot boiler, it's a rich, creamy, yet damning work you can savor page after page, perhaps the most taut piece of fiction ever written. Five Stars for language.The expositions on past as shaky prologue to future and of holding onto dreams too long until they inevitably go up in smoke, of materialism and greed, of class and of postwar disillusion - we've seen these elsewhere, sometimes told better.Fitzgerald's close seems an overly harsh indictment of The American Dream, obviously forged from the many unsympathetic characters of his story and the zeitgeist of the period. It does little to suggest that those who eschew the excesses that litter the landscape of Gatsby's world may be able to successfully build on their pasts and create a successful future - meeting and marrying a spouse grounded in Midwestern virtues, raising well-adjusted children, finding more intrinsic value in honest work, and for the most part looking back on their past with general contentedness.Five stars for exquisite storytelling; four stars for a period piece about classism and excess that will exist as long as civilization does."
"The Great Gatsby is great in two aspects of books that I look for. First is the general story; plot, characterization, setting, storyline. Second is the way it is written which keeps you reading it over and over.The setting is a fictitious New York suburb of East and West Egg in the early 1920's, a location dotted with large estates build with immense wealth. The main characters are the narrator, Nick Caraway; his new found girl and golf pro, Jordan Baker; Tom Buchanan, the husband of Daisy Buchanan; and of course James Gatz also known as Jay Gatsby, self prescribed culturist of old wealth.Concerning the first aspect, this book is an art of obsession, treachery, deception, hubris, crime and murder. It is the original soap opera (though not annoyingly melodramatic). It will keep you turning pages and ends with a bang.The second aspect, the one that makes it a classic is the brilliant prose and mastery of the English language. Like a movie that presents something new every time you watch it, this book has many subtle subplots and philosophical outlooks.I would recommend this to anyone who is interested in reading and rereading the classics. A book from ""the lost generation,"" written by an author from World War I, it definitely has the era's deserving undertones."
And the reason why is that it's a gorgeous book. It's heartbreaking and breathtaking and one of the best books of the 20th century.Read it!
I highly recommend this series.
a great classic and a fast read
Muçh better than the old movie.
I read it 3 times back to back.
"With flowing prose, Fitzgerald depicts through the simplest of plots the univervsal needs of every person.  The success of this book does not simply lie in the fact that this author portrays the ideals of his time so well; applicable to today's society, it is the destruction of them as seen through the profound observations of the narrator that places this book among the elite.  The impact of these observations is what highlights Fitzgerald's impressive skill.  Not only does this author portray the historical pressures of society at the time, but he also interweaves advice through a simple plotline of love and greed.  This advice does not act to accentuate the story, but to create it; it is the questioning of the push for the perfect life and what we define it as that allows this novel to stand alone.  Read not for the sake of entertainment and strictly for the qualities of a good novel; look beyond the obvious into the social implications stated through the author's voice.  Only then, will this novel become what it was intended to be - a helpful tool written to assist us in broadening our views on society.  It allows us to continue to ""beat on, boats against the current,"" but with more knowledge than ever before."
"While. Written beautifully, but leaves much to be desired. None of the character s were likeable, especially the one we were meant to identify with"
Continues to be a classic for high school english teachers. This novel is relevant on so many levels and can be understood by all types of readers.
"I thought the book would be a in a little better shape, but it is still in its binding so I guess that's okay, thank you for the speedy shipping."
"I usually do not enjoy reading but this book caught my attention a lot. In my opinion ""The Great Gatsby"" is not an outstanding novel but it is quite good. I would recommend  this book for teenagers from 15 to 23 years old. ""The Great Gatsby"" is one of the best love stories I have ever read and it is also a suspense story. On the one hand we are encountered with the love between Gatsby and Daisy, which grows bigger as the story develops, and on the other hand we have Gatsby's secret; nobody really knows Gatsby but everybody enjoys his big parties. Once we find out why he organised them and why he  surrounded himself with glitter, we admire him for his total dedication to his dream and for his endless search of love. Gatsby is a character with which we can easily identify because he is the embodiment of the American dream. in my  opinion, the book shows how this dream will never came true because of careless and cruel people such as Tom Daisy and Jordan, who are materialistic. I would rate it with three stars because although the story is interesting the book is written in a very complex way. The only thing I would criticise about it is that the action does not start until the fourth chapter, which  encouraged my reading."
"Although the book was very slim, I read every word and am going to read it again it was so good.  I also bought a copy for my daughter to read."
"A great Kindle version of T.S. Elliot's classic. What an excellent book - and at 99 cents, you really can't beat the price. Highly recommended."
"If I could go back and time and tell high school me to actually read this book for class instead of ignoring it and assuming it must have been bad... Ah...The fact is that Gatsby deserves its consideration as a Great American Novel.  It's fascinating in language, story, and scope (as well as, you know, meaning), and it's like as American as possible.  Unlike many other modernist American novels, it actually explores America in America from an American perspective.  Like, it doesn't take place in Europe and it isn't about America compared to Europe.  It is actually able to comment on American aristocracy as it is because of this, not as it is in comparison to other societies.  So, seriously on the 'America' part of 'Great American Novel' is what I mean.I actually feel hesitant to write a review on it.  Everything that needs to be said about The Great Gatsby is is the book.  Everything I could write has been explained better by Fitzgerald.  This is by no means a bad thing (check out my rating, come on), and in fact it's a great achievement.  Fitzgerald managed to embody the modernist idea of an artwork that stands for itself, by no means an easy task.  This is a book that must be read."
"Author F. Scott Fitzgerald composed his 3rd and most renown novel, The Great Gatsby, when wanting to write a new and exciting book. A romantic tragedy of a man and a women who are in love but life and money gets in the way. Set in the jazz age in Long Island, NY,  a man name Gatsby has made him self a fun and exciting persona. Throwing grand parties for people every weekend just so people would like him, but they liked his money more than Gatsby himself. This character he made is fake. He throws parties because he used to be poor and it's the only way to attract the love of his life, the married Daisy, to his home. Daisy is a rich woman and he wants her to leave her spouse,Tom, for him. I would give this book a 3 out of 5 stars. I had read this book a few years ago and did not understand the main theme of the  book. This time around I realized the theme was greed, and doing useless things for a spark of pleasure. Fitzgerald who had lived in so many places around the world really understood the hardships of peoples lives during the jazz age. It had a lot of information for 180 pages and is a good book to read when you are over 15 years of age but it can be a little dull at times, or at least for me anyways."
It is a wonderful short story.
Writing is hard to understand.
"Just as described, quick ship!"
My favorite book ever written.
Love it! It's an awesome book!
Just what we were looking for.
Re-reading and enjoyihng again
"Alright, as you can probably figure out, I wasn't so fond of Gatsby.  I went in, as most high-schoolers do, forced to read and understand yet another ""great"" novel, one of the other classics, and steeled myself for the worst. 'This book can't be that bad', I thought.  'I mean, it's a classic.  People the world over rave about it, it's been a top seller for the last couple decades.  That has to mean something.'Now that I've read it through I find myself disappointed.  Yeah, I understand that Gatsby is about the rise and fall of the American Dream and not getting caught up in the past and even how much our past affects our future.  But other than that, to me it reads like a biography of Fitzgerald's life, with himself in the starring role.  I mean, really: the young man who started life poor, who worked his way to the top and falls in love with a beautiful, rich, and not-all-there socialite who turns down his love in favor of a life of luxury.  It doesn't seem surprising that this was written only a few years after his marriage to Zelda - who nearly did not marry him because he couldn't offer her the security and luxury of wealth!  It disappointed me very much to think that this classic of literature is a loose story of FItzgerald's life.  I understand writing what you know, and I've written enough to see the power of writing the stuff you understand, but that's just ridiculous.The language of this book doesn't really read like a true view of Nick Carroway, the supposed narrator - instead, to me it felt more like I was watching a home video shot over Nick's shoulder with Nick providing occasional narration.  Fitzgerald over-characterizes certain characters, giving them true form and personality, almost to the point of nausea - in the first chapter alone he has dedicated an entire paragraph and a half to a description of how wonderful Daisy was and how men all over fell in love at the sight of her - and this is supposedly from the mouth of her cousin!  I didn't get much of an inage of Tom either, but Gatsby you knew to the point of wanting to slap him every single time he said ""old chap"" because it just gets annoying.  As for Wilson and his wife, the catalysts and the reason for the book's ending?  Didn't get much of a description of them either.Fitzgerald's skill with emotion is supposed to be one of the reasons that this book is so well-known and loved.  But the ending is the only bit that got a good reaction.  I was disgusted by the rest of the story, and I hated it.  He did have skill with emotion, he did make you connect with the story, but it is good to have such pure and total disgust of something?That's pretty much the sum total.  If you want to really, really feel with a story, Gatsby can do it.  Love it or hate it, you'll be at the extreme, I'm finding.  If you want a story chronicling what is typically considered to be the American Dream and it's ups and downs, this book also is probably a good choice as well.  But I would definetely not recommend it for reading outside of those two reasons, whether those be for school or work or just curiousity.  If you want a good classic, read The Adventures of Tom Sawyer or Gone With The Wind or even The Odyssey or Iliad, but not this book.I hope this review helps somebody."
"Gatsby is simply the greatest American novel. Enough Said. I believe the Publisher's Afterward, by Charles Scribner, is excellent as well."
"There's something about the American literary critic that seems to equate short and lowbrow with good. At least that's the feeling you get in school when forced to read novels like this one and by authors like Steinbeck and  Hemingway. The interesting prose and slathered-thick symbolism livened up  this tale of a man who is DETERMINED to have everything. The reason I  didn't care about his struggle is because this nouveau riche tycoon just  wants the standard stuff: acceptance, $$$ and girls. I guess the moral of  the story is that being shallow and possessive can lead to tragic  consequences, but duh!, you're already supposed to know that."
Its good so far... I've not finished the book yet so I've not got much to say except that I've always wanted to read the great gatsby..
"Takes a long time to get to the heart of the plot.  Flowery language, moderately interesting story line.  Skip the book, get the movie."
Book was in great condition.
Fast shipping! As described!
Fast delivery and great book
"Good condition , no problems"
"Much ado about nothing, IMHO"
10/10 would Sparknotes again
Needed for an English classs
"I am a Gatsby fan. I like Fitzgerald's writing. I like the flapper era. I said it is Dark, and it is, as it ends in tragedy and the characters never see the Light and change their lives. And I would never want to model after any of them. They are all hopelessly entrenched in the lifestyle of the rich or wannabe rich and with the attending frivolous obsessions. Except for poor and stupid and lovesick Mr. Wilson. But if you want to see the Bible law of sowing and reaping at work, here it is. The writing is very well done. Very descriptive. Suspenseful as well as Dark. And it is Nostalgic if you know that era. I like the Charleston. I like girls with bobbed hair and helmet hats. I like Prohibition. At least I like reading about that time. The writer keeps dropping little bombs of explosive insights into the personalities, which keeps pulling us ever onward and changing how we feel about them. Overall, I would call it a tragic love story. One all mixed up with big money and outrageous lifestyles that could never allow for love to win out. And you wonder if they know what love is anyway, when you get beyond physical desires and an obsession to have things your own way."
One of my all time favorites!
Gatsby is a timeless classic.
One of my daughter favorites.
It is a classic for the ages.
Great book for a great price!
great book for school readers
"Great product, fast shipping."
"Poignant, lovely and elegant."
"I read this book twice - both times many years ago. Twice because after reading criticisms of the work I thought I must have missed something the first time. Still, the impression that I have is that of a book with a limited artistic range. Yes he used his colors well, but to me they're tepid and there's not enough of them. I think I ended throwing a few of my own in, projecting into the characters a frustration with themselves having to operate on such a shallow level. Gatsby himself - the most complex depiction - even he couldn't convince me that his desires, drives, motives, emotions, were inspiring enough to merit a book of his own."
"Pretty prose, boring story."
awesome service and product
one of the best of all time
"Thank you, perfect purchase"
Worth reading this classic.
"Read The Great Gatsby because it's a quick read, it's entertaining, and showcases Fitzgerald's ability as an author. It is easy to become enthralled with the lavishness and mystery of Gatsby, but the center of the book remains with the protagonist's analysis and understanding of human nature.Most great writers embed their thoughts, experiences, and musings into their work, and The Great Gatsby is a perfect example. What you find in the book will differ, some will say it's an accurate portrayal of the shallowness of the 20's, others will find a deep feeling of sadness: that no one is ever be truely happy, whether you are a beautiful woman, a football star, a millionaire, or if a famous woman is attracted to you and you live in West Egg.The reason I gave it only 4 stars is because the book seemed a little flat. Perhaps it is a side effect of being concise, but I felt very little attachment towards any of the characters, and although Fitzgerald gave them some dimension, it's been done far better.The Great Gatsby is a book I would recommend none-the-less."
"Despite its brilliant description of the American Jazz Age and its equally skilful characterisation, The Great Gatsby is primarily a novel of ideas. Underneath its simplistic overtones, lies a novel rich with both physical  and symbolic action. Gatsby, the main character of the novel, is possessed  by a magical fascination of wealth -- the substitution of attractive but  false goals. In other words, he believes that youth (represented by his  object of affection, Daisy) can be perpetually recaptured if one can merely  make enough money. In this sense, Gatsby's vision is like the American  dream itself. However, Nick, the narrator of the novel, is able to perceive  and objectify Gatsby's idealism. He is capable of seeing clearly into the  self-destructible nature of Gatsby's fascination. The novel's success is  partially due to these two opposing sets of values and their clear,  unambiguous nature. To fully appreciate this novel, I'd recommend reading  scholarly critiques for a better understanding. You'd be surprised at how  much this novel entails."
"Fitzgerald's prose style and tone are magnificent. He is a brilliant, unique writer in his use of language. If I were judging him on his use of language, it would be 5 stars, easy. His use of the language to me is as  unique as Shakespeare, his narration as beautiful as Hemingway. But for  plot development, oh the tragedy! His book begins slow (not too slow for  those who like detail, though) and just as it builds to a climax--it ENDS!  ""Great Gatsby"" has one of the most anticlimatic endings I've ever  seen. Some books essentially have ""no ending,"" that is, no  neat,tidy happily-ever-after ending. Those books don't bother me; their  endings add to the emotional punch by leaving a sort of emptiness. But THIS  book's ending was just hollow. It seemed that just as the book got  exciting, it ended on a flat note.  Here's my advice: for brilliant prose  and truly original writing, in style and content, read Fitzgerald's  ""This Side of Paradise."" It has all of Fitzgerald's writing  genius, but a fully developed storyline."
Great book but was so sad.
A classic and a good read!
very good read!  all of the added notes were helpful.
One of the best classics there is... Love this book!
It's a good book for an AP classroom novel to study.
The cover of the book is not the same as advertised.
"a good easy read -just a bit light on ""plot"""
"Great price, great book. would buy from seller again"
Super fast shipping!  Item was exactly as described!
This book is great what a wonderful American classic
"Just like the bright, yet bright, green light veering at Gatsby across the water from Daisy's West Egg abode, The Great Gatsby emits an amazingly translucent spark that galvanizes the reader from page 1 until the tumultuous end.  F. Scott Fitzgerald has given us a timeless treasure to read and enjoy time and time again.  The illusion of grandeur & the disillusion of marriage coupled with the search for love, happiness, The American Dream, as well as the imperceptibly foreboding desire to rekindle the past all make The Great Gatsby an incredibly entertaining, yet highly enigmatic, masterpiece of a novel.No one can deny the greatness of F. Scott Fitzgerald.  No author since has had the unique gift of such masterful and captivating use of the English language  - combined with unparalleled social insight into his age and time.  The excessively lavish and glitzy, yet highly impersonal, fetes of Gatsby, make one feel as if one is in attendance partaking in the debauchery - thanks to the effortless and fluid prose of Fitzgerald.  The classic American tragic figure, Gatsby symbolizes all that we want to be, and not be, at the same time.  Exemplary masterpiece.""And I like large parties.  They're so intimate.  At small parties there isn't any privacy."" - Jordan Baker"
The Great Gatsby was possibly the single greatest book I've ever read. The attention to detail is amazing.  He puts in short descriptions of all of the characters. This book is a model for a love story. This is like a building block for modern love stories.
My daughter read it for class work!!!
"Slow read, but a classic nonetheless."
One of Fitzgeralds best.  I loved it.
Prompt delivery of this fine product.
Thank you so much! Perfect condition!
same as you remember from high school
Great book. Shipping was super fast.
They say it's a classic for a reason
Arrived a day early. Book was great!
Not as good as I thought it might be
"It's ok book, a little expensive for a used book"
I loved it the first time. Great summer reading.
I can see why this book is considered a classic.
Liked the book was disappointed with the ending
excellent book. have read it a couple of times!
Awesome book. My daughter enjoyed it very much.
"Fitzgerald helpfully displays the vanity of the Twenties, but skews perspective on the era with a very limited cast of characters, leaving the reader with the same sense of being lost that he seemed to suffer throughout his life."
I can see why they made movies from this book.
"Classic book, the movie doesn't do it justice."
A great classic about the Jazz Age in America.
Brilliant and intriguing!
favorite book of all time
"Classic, and so very sad!"
One of the great classics
a wonderful classic story
The great American novel.
"It was a fast paced, thrilling ride through all the love and mistakes that we make. A brilliant novel by Fitzgerald."
Great classic must read.
one of my favorite books
It's The Great Gatsby...
Love the book and movie!
Just good entertainment!
Great and timeless book!
Happy with the purchase!
"A great, memorable book."
Required school reading.
"Good, on time, and cheap"
"I chose ""The Great Gatsby"" as a random slection from the Modern Library Best 100 listing.  With all the hype surrounding the novel by F. Scott Fitzgerald, I was more than a little disappointed after finishing.  The novel does a good job of developing the main characters and you genuinely feel sorry for Jay Gatsby's pursuit of the love and devotion of Daisy.  In the end, Jay knows he will never have Daisy and is left only with the hollow riches of materialism which will never give him the happiness he seeks."
This is a classic. A wonderful story that even if you've read it before is well worth reading again and again!
"The Kilianski blurb from December 2000 is extraordinary -- his admittedly ""Marxist"" perspective denies the novel eligibility as a great American novel because of the ""Socio-economic"" [sic] status of its characters.  Conversely, this must mean that ""The Grapes of Wrath"" is second only to Shakespeare.  How sad.  (He sounds like the Village Voice when it berated the movie ""Arthur"" for being a comedy about rich people.)  The trouble with narrow schools of criticism is that they cease to be about the text and focus instead on their own dogmatic (or phlegmatic) view of the world.  I suggest you just read the novel and make up your own mind.  Bathe in Fitzgerald's descriptions (especially Nick's first sight of Daisy in the wind-blown room), the gradual unveiling of the truth about Gatsby, and the suspense and heartbreak of the last few chapters.  (And avoid the Redford adaptation.)"
"The Great Gatsby's deceptively ephemeral story is not so much the deserved masterpiece of one of our most gifted writers as it is the stunning illusion of a great magician. In that, it is a velvet covered table upon which a small band of bored and privileged jazz-agers appear under the entertainer's deft hands. It is a metaphor of its age and an uncanny prognostication of our current malaise. What makes this book magical? When one steps back from the book, there's no plot, the characters are rather bland, they don't do anything particularly interesting, and what they do accomplish in the very short timespan we spend with them is so trivial or mean that we are left wondering why we enjoyed the book so much. But the craft of magic is never about the rabbit; rather, it is about the empty hat. Fitzgerald The Great's magic wand is the English language, and from the void he lifts a masterstroke of storytelling."
It really is a classic.
"For school, right price"
Love the book and movie
not good waste of money
Very well written book.
Classic - with a cause.
Book was in good shape.
"Awesome book, love it!!"
a classic for a reason!
"First let me say I am glad it mostly kept the original cover art.  They could have put Robert Redford or Leo on the cover.  Yes, this has been on my list since the ""F-Stop Fitzgerald"" section of the Cerebus graphic novels.  And with the new movie coming out I figured I better read it before I saw the movie.  My daughter actually had the idea a few months earlier and I put of actually reading it until the week before the movie.  Fortunately it is a short and easy  read.Overall I liked the book and loved a few ""pre-post-modern"" sections in it.  Although I enjoyed it I must have missed the literary significance of a book about a stalker.Oh, and not spoil anything but I found the Robert Redford movie a much more accurate portrayal of the book and characters than the new movie.  That said, I still enjoyed the new movie (Leo was great; I didn't like Spidermand-Nick)."
"Anyone that has not read this book is horrible deprived in every way that I can think of.  This book has just about everything that one could possibly want in a book.  It has romance, wealth, parties, anger, jealousy, revenge, searching.  It has it all!!  It is the story of a very wealthy group of people in the twenties.  One in particular (who is quite mysterious to those around him) is in love with a married woman.  She falls in love with him too, when she discovers that he lives very near her.  THere is a showdown between Gatsby and Daisy's husband that ends in a very interesting way.  There is so much more to this book than just this bit that I have alluded to.  There is so much more that to try and write a true review of it would create a whole new book in and of itself.  I just hope that some of you out there read this and decide to read it.  It is truly one of the best novels ever written!"
"Though I had to read and annotate this book for my eleventh grade english class, I realized that as I read Great Gatsby, as well as researched some background information that truly shed some light on the characters and Fitzgerald's intent in the story, I found that it was one of those books that wasn't necessarily the sort that would immediately made you turn pages and kept you awake at night before finishing it.The reason that it is considered one of the greatest books ever written in US history, in my opinion, is because Fitzgerald somehow gave Gatsby the unique ability to tell a story that remains true even today, one that can connect to anyone that lives for or knows what the American Dream is.  It's a book for thought, not for thrill or plot, but for symbol, character, and author's purpose.  Like I said , I read this in the context of an eleventh grade english class :)"
Very good book. Had to read it for my AP Lit class and never felt like an assignment. Would read again.
"After several years of hesitation, I finally read Fitzgerald's classic at the end of which I couldn't help but wonder what the fuss is all about. Suffice to say that the book is probably more famous for what it represents  than the literary value of its contents. The plot is trivially simple and  at times over-dramatised. The saving grace comes in the form of the spare  and lucid writing, and the Roaring 20s' atmosphere that is essentially the  central theme of the book."
"The Great Gatsby, frankly, was not that great.  Maybe I'm not ready for it yet, I don't know (I had to read it for English class).  Fitzgerald's writing was very vague.  At times, a novel calls for vague writing, and it  works.  In this case, it did not.  He just skimmed over the important parts  and honed in on pointless details.  The entire book had a very ghostly  quality; I always felt like something was there, but it was mostly  undetectable.  Still, it has its good points - I liked the way Fitzgerald  protrayed Gatsby's fair-weather friends, and the tragic ending that could  be compared to a Shakespearean tragedy, when no one is left but the  narrator :).  I'm not entirely sure what to make of this book, I think I'll  read it again in a few years.  Until then, I shall be mystified by those  who gave this book 5 stars, and rename the book ""The Okay  Gatsby""."
Better than the movie.
Fast and good quality.
Classic worth reading.
I needed it for school
It is a very hard book to read . You have to really be patient until you get into the story line .
Product as described.
"good study,good story"
Great read!  Classic!
Need to read it again
this is great!!!!!!!!
"I was forced to read this book for my high school English class.  It was an easy read--the book's not long and the language is not too difficult.  I'd like to say that the concept's are not too difficult either, but I just  don't know what those concepts were supposed to have been.  I tried to read  into it, but I just didn't get very far.  I  take that to  mean that there  wasn't too terribly much there.There was an added difficulty in the fact  that I didn't like any of the characters.  If you can't stand any of the  people in a story, then you don't really care about what happens to them,  and you start to skip large sections of stories that involve  them....Anyway, I'll say this: It was OK.  If you can look beyond the  miserable people and the almost non-existent message, then you'll like it  just fine."
"I ordered The Great Gatsby through ""Bookworm Service"" a few weeks ago. The book I received was not the one pictured. Since this book is my favorite book and I was really using it as art work on a shelf I was disappointed. BUT, after I emailed him thinking he would dismiss me as soon as I said why I specifically wanted it...He said I could either return it or we could swap books. He then poured over books and sent me links to different covers that I may like, asking if any would be acceptable. He emailed a downloadable thing to print and put on my package to return the other book. While a few weeks have passed-it is only because I haven't responded quickly. His responses are within hours or a day at max. THIS IS THE BEST SERVICE I RECEIVED IN A VERY LONG TIME. Buy from them! I am so impressed with the customer service!"
"I see this book as being rather a bleak subject. If you are not sure whether you should buy it, YOU SHOULD. F Scott Fitzgerald is my #1 favorite author. He knows how to display a scene so vividly that's unlike most authors. His books can render much emotion in a small way. This book is the presentation of pitiable people and displays people in a realistic light-people with flaws and worries, not characters that do one bad thing and that's it, or  characters that are all angel or all villain. The whole book is rather sad in my opinion. Nothing seems to be particularly happy or motivating and then ends on a tragic note. Yet Fitzgerald weaves a web around the reader that makes him want to continue with the rainy-day feeling and leaves you with a sad/wonderful/bittersweet/memorable book.And that is how it is."
"This is a nice read, although not particularly enthralling.  Hence, the non-commital length makes this book worth the time.  Fitzgerald does offer an interesting glimpse into a cross-section of 1920's life in New York.  Perhaps his perspective seems subtle because of it's relevance to today's society.  It reads like an Hollywood movie, and may be more useful to the foreign reader in understanding part of American society."
"I re-read this book for a book club, being ~20 years since I read it in high school.  It was much better reading it as an adult, as one generally has a much better perspective on answering/understanding concepts of lust vs. love, desire/drive for material aquisitions and what importance it has in life.  There are multitudes of discussion questions regarding this novel available on the internet, worth considering. I believe that our club's discussion of this book offered many different opinions, making it one our more intersting ones.  Also, worth reading about F. Scott Fitzgerald's biography and seeing parallelisms between his life and the story. The book is relatively a quick read and maintains your interest.  It is worth re-reading, particularly if it was something you read many a years ago."
Very Hard To Follow. Had To read it Twice to Understand who was who. Did Not Enjoy It At All
Great book and movie
An enjoyable classic
Thank you great book
Well worth the read.
awesome book love it
Awesome classic read
It was I interesting
Of course I loved it
Description accurate. Arrived as scheduled.
"Very High quality book, great read, classic"
YES. Yes. Yes. All time classic. Must read.
Still a classic story everyone should read!
"I enjoyed this book, but I did find it mildly confusing in the beginning.  The first few chapters were rather descriptive and this was more of a hindrance to me than a help.  The story contains a lot of symbolism also.  Everything really has some deeper meaning.  But you can read it on a more ""surface"" level too, and just enjoy it as a tragic love story.  If you do decide to read it in a more in-depth manner, you will see Fitzgerald's story as one of the ""American Dream.""  The characters are striving for money, love, success and guarantees.  They often try to be something on the outside that they really aren't on the inside.  The story is told from a rather minor character's point of view and this enables the reader to come to many of his or her own conclusions.  The narrator is also easily relatable.  The Great Gatsby is a well-written book that gives a strong sense of the author's values and beliefs, which are typical of his time.  But the book is very meaningful and entertaining in our time as well."
"While I understand this book is denominated ""a classic"" (that's why I read it), it was just an OK read (for me).I also just completed the online Sparks notes, and will readily and loudly announce just how much I truly missed in my reading. From the Sparks notes, I saw all the symbolism and historical implications that went whizzing past me.  And from the perspective of literary accomplishment/social commentary, I am truly impressed.But again, I can't get past that this was just an OK read for me.  I can't really say I connected with any of the characters (although Gatsby was clearly the most sympathetic).Frankly, I could have done very nicely without the overtly anti-semitic portrayal of Wolfscheim (and no, I can't excuse it, as simply an accurate historical reflection of the times).I expect that many will be offended by a lukewarm review of a recognized classic.  But like spinach, it may be healthful to eat, but just not taste that good.  I guess it depends on what you are looking for."
"Nick Carraway has just moved to the city and knows almost no one.  Nick has found a place to live in the well-to-do neighborhood of West Egg.  His neighbors live in beautiful mansions with coiffed lawns while he lives in an eyesore of a home.  His new neighbor, Gatsby, is the talk of the neighborhood (if not the town).  Gatsby throws lavish parties with numerous guests that carry on through all hours of the night.Nick's only acquaintances are the Buchanan's, Nick's second cousin Daisy, and her husband Tom.  The Buchanan's invite Nick over to their house and introduce him to Jordan Baker, whom he takes a liking to.  They all talk quite a while and discuss nothing much, that is until the subject of Tom's mistress pops up.  Daisy is aware of Tom's mistress appears to be dealing with it by ignoring it.***Potential spoilers***One day Nick is invited to attend one of Gatsby's infamous parties.  He runs into Jordan and they spend most of the night talking.  They also meet the elusive Mr. Gatsby himself who soon pulls Ms. Baker aside to discuss something in private with her.  Nick finds out later that Gatsby knew Daisy years ago when they dated.  Gatsby has been keeping his distance from Daisy, biding his time, but he wants to see her again.  The story focuses on the relationships between all the characters and how their decisions and lives are intertwined.I read this first in high school and remembered liking it, but didn't remember all the details of the book.  I remembered liking Gatsby himself and wanting him to get the girl.  I really struggled this time with the relationships that were occurring in the book.  It's hard for me to understand why people that are unhappy together will stay together and make each other miserable.Some quotes from the book:""He smiled understandingly-much more than understandingly.  It was one of those rare smiles with a quality of eternal reassurance in it, that you may come across four or five times in life.  It faced-or seemed to face-the whole eternal world for an instant, and then concentrated on you with an irresistible prejudice in your favor.  It understood you just as far as you wanted to be understood, believed in you as you would like to believe in yourself, and assured you that it had precisely the impression of you that, at your best, you hoped to convey.""""They were careless people, Tom and Daisy-they smashed up things and creatures and then retreated back into their money or their vast carelessness, or whatever it was that kept them together, and let other people clean up the mess they had made..."""
"The west was conquered and the midwest cultivated, so in The Great Gatsby set in the 1920s we turn our attention back east, where to midwestern narrator Nick Carraway and his neighbor Jay Gatsby the green light at the end of the Buchanans' East Egg dock seems to represent the fertile promise of America, and the dreams and the money that are supposed to make them reality. Some dreams, like the dream of recapturing a romantic past that never really was, become nightmares.Although he witnesses and participates in deception, including both sides of the Buchanans' infidelity, Nick wants to appear to be a reliable narrator, which he emphasizes when he says up front, ""I'm inclined to reserve all judgments, a habit that has opened up many curious natures to me."" Later, Nick identifies himself with ""the casual watcher in the darkening streets, and I was him, too, looking up and wondering. I was within and without, simultaneously enchanted and repelled by the inexhaustible variety of life."" Nick's authorial viewpoint sets the tone for his story and his observations of the brutish Tom Buchanan; his shallow and unsatisfied wife, Daisy; his class-climbing mistress, Myrtle Wilson; and the mysterious Jay Gatsby, the hero of the different unbelievable fictions he tells (when Nick asks him what part of the middle-west he is from, Gatsby responds enigmatically, ""San Francisco."") A confused Nick hears solemnity in Gatsby's voice and sees sincerity in his look, despite the obvious prevarication.The most influential literal voice is that of Daisy Buchanan. Lacking the romantic substance for which Gatsby has idealized her as the symbol of his youth--his real youth--Daisy becomes a siren with a siren call. Nick writes, ""The instant her voice broke off, ceasing to compel my attention, my belief, I felt the basic insincerity of what she had said."" Her friend, Jordan Baker, tells Nick, "". . . and yet there's something in that voice of hers. . . ."" Later, Nick mentions that the ""exhilarating ripple of her voice was a wild tonic in the rain,"" and ""I think that voice held him [Gatsby] most with its fluctuating, feverish warmth because it couldn't be over-dreamed--that voice was a death song."" Nick says of Daisy, ""Unlike Gatsby and Tom, I had no girl whose disembodied face floated along the dark cornices and blinding signs . . ."" By contrast, Myrtle is earthy, with ""an immediately perceptible vitality about her as if the nerves of her body were continuously smoldering."" Tom, whose affairs we are told have included a hotel chambermaid, seems mostly unsusceptible to Daisy's voice, while even Nick notes its influence and Gatsby is destroyed by it and by his desire for the real past that every story he tells effectually effaces.A compact novel concentrated on only a few months in the lives of a few characters, The Great Gatsby is rich with symbolism. During his reunion with Daisy, Gatsby almost stops time literally by knocking Nick's clock down, but instinctively he catches it before it falls. ""We all believed for a moment that it had smashed in pieces on the floor,"" Nick writes. Gatsby even apologizes as though he had broken the clock and as though it were a significant loss that his countless money can't replace. As the reunion continues, Nick says of Gatsby, "". . . in the reaction, he was running down like an overwound clock.""Throughout, time is a consistent theme; it is part of what Gatsby futilely endeavors to recapture. He can reinvent a past in which he was ""educated at Oxford because all my ancestors have been educated there for many years,"" but he and his means cannot recreate the real past. As Nick observes, ""Now it was again a green light on a dock. His count of enchanted objects had diminished by one."" He adds later, ""Almost five years! There must have been moments even that afternoon when Daisy tumbled short of his dreams--not through her own fault but because of the colossal vitality of his illusion.""The Great Gatsby reminds me of The Count of Monte Cristo. Both Gatsby and the count start life as ordinary men and, through circumstances and the determination to achieve a much-desired goal, transform themselves into extraordinary men, ciphers to all but the most observant of their fellows. One seeks to revenge a past wrong; the other ignores the present and tries to reinvent the past as though there had never been a Tom Buchanan and as though Daisy had never loved him. Both efforts take time and unlimited patience and money, but only one is successful. The count revenges his past so he can live better in the future, but Gatsby fails because he does not understand, or want to understand, that the past is written and that the future begins with the present.Somewhat lacking in heart--the only character who displays genuine emotion is Tom Wilson, Myrtle's despised husband--The Great Gatsby captures the jaded excesses of the post-World War I era and the American faith in time, money, and effort as the sources and creators of success. The novel also shows the greater power of circumstance and fate. I've read The Great Gatsby only once, but to appreciate its structure, symbolism, and richness would take several re-readings. Read once for pleasure, then read again to explore Fitzgerald's craft."
"A portrayal of the glamour and superficiality of the Roaring `20s, The Great Gatsby focuses on the tragic love story between millionaire Jay Gatsby and young beauty Daisy Buchanan. Narrated by Daisy's cousin, Nick Carraway, the first half of the tale traces Gatsby's past--how he met Daisy, left to serve overseas, and how she married harsh but practical Tom Buchanan in the meantime. The book traces this event as the inspiration for Gatsby's wealth: we witness his numerous, lavish parties thrown in vain attempt to attract the attention of Daisy, who lives in a different sector of New York. He resents the fact that Daisy feared marrying him due to his financial status. We learn that he obtains his money through shady means, thus underscoring the values of a goal-oriented society. Gatsby, with the help of Nick, is eventually reunited with Daisy, yet Tom grows suspicious of their close relationship, leading to Gatsby's tragic demise. Throughout the novel, the reader sees the extravagance and excessiveness of Gatsby through his reckless lifestyle, yet as we look closer we see a certain emptiness pervading it. For example, although he lives in a gigantic mansion, only a few people live with him. At his funeral, only four people show up, and Daisy is not included in that number. F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Great Gatsby in order to illustrate the American dream as a vain, empty journey without progress, exposing the tragic flaws of an achievement-oriented society. Fitzgerald is essentially criticizing society's tendency to concentrate on the goals, rather than the new experiences and learning we ought to gain from the journey. Thus, he asserts that the entire point of the American dream--freedom, individualism, and the pursuit of happiness--has been lost to the new cynicism, extravagance, and greed that now characterize it. Gatsby, though a seemingly friendly and gracious individual, undergoes his downfall due to his lack of integrity in his pursuit of wealth. We can see that The Great Gatsby mirrors Fitzgerald's own tragic love story with his lover, Zelda. In his state of disillusionment after losing Zelda, Fitzgerald wrote the book in order to emphasize the decline of the American dream; Gatsby's willingness to cheat and swindle his way to riches marks a shift in the American dream in the 1920s from integrity and individualism to extravagance and greed. Though he tried to hide his past from Daisy, it eventually caught up to him, establishing another of the book's themes: the inescapability of the past. Although this novel does not make for the most entertaining or action-packed read, I completely recommend it to everyone. The characters, in truth, are not at all likeable, yet this is exactly what Fitzgerald was aiming for: flawed individuals. From first-hand accounts, he has tremendous insight into the faults of humans in a goal-oriented society. There is also abundant symbolism, allowing for a very in-depth analysis of the novel's purposes. I advise any potential readers to fully chew and digest this novel for full enjoyment, as it is no hollow work."
"This novel demonstrates the importance of creating one's own happiness and not relying on material things to generate that. Gatsby believed that by becoming rich he could solve all his problems, but that only made him more somber with his already tainted life.Gatsby had been living a tough life of rejection and decided to turn to the one thing he thought would help--money--and poured his life's ambitions into procuring that. He became so dependent on this solution that he would go to any means necessary to become rich. Gatsby would devote the next five years of his life to cheating and scheming his way to the top. He began illegal drug sales to generate more profit. His riches were gained by no honest means and represent a life of lying and shortcuts. That is no way to go about happiness. Happiness can only be achieved if one actually makes it for themselves. They cannot rely on material possessions to create that for them. Being truly happy takes effort, and that is something Gatsby does not know how to give. Taking the easy way out will never lead to any blissful ending.Gatsby has to learn that lesson the hard way as his riches begin to worsen his life, not better it, and people take advantage of him and only want him for his money. Gatsby feels lonely in this world as he begins his new life as an elite ""business man"" so he invites people over to his house to enjoy his money with him. He soon realizes that spending time and money on strangers does not make him any better off than before his riches. His money can only make others happy, not himself. Those people who he begins to believe are his friends do not care about him in the least bit; they only want him so that they can enjoy the same luxuries as he does. These people that spend all hours of the night at Gatsby's house do not appreciate him enough to come to his own funeral. No one cares about him except his father and neighbor. Having money does not make Gatsby happy and it will not make any one else happy. The only thing that warrants true happiness is having people who love and care about each other and that will not forget their true friends when they need them the most."
"I loved the movie, and have to say I didn't enjoy the book as much. Perhaps I did that the wrong way around! Reading the book did however clarify a few points for me that the movie seemed to leave a bit ambiguous (whether this was done deliberately I'm not sure). It's a bit dark but also a very honest view of how society and the class system worked back in the 1920s and also a bit of a scathing indictment on how society still works today, particularly for the privileged. Definitely an interesting read, even if the language of the time does make it a bit of a slow one, but I am not used to books written in this manner so people who are into classics will most likely enjoy this more. And a classic it definitely is, in my opinion anyway, and is still a must read for any literature fans."
This book has often been described as Fitzgerald's most beautiful piece of work and frankly I do not see it. I first read this book as a teenager for fun and remember disliking it immensely but later not remembering why. Now that I ave reread it I realize what that is. The type of people described and the way they act irk me. They are well off family surrounded by people that dothings to each other with no feelings. They just keep hurting each other without caring about the consequences.In the beginning of the book it is very boring and does not become interesting until Gatsby becomes involved in the story but the way people act towards one another.I do not really see the beauty in this story but I do see commentary on society I just do not agree with it.
"F. Scott Fitzgerald's masterpiece, The Great Gatsby, is definitely considered a classic for many reasons. The vivid details and outstanding descriptions of the setting are truly amazing. The major theme of this novel is the American dream which is portrayed with excellent hard evidence of the exact ear of the 1920's included.  This has to be one of the greatest books I've ever had the pleasure of reading. The plot flows which makes for easy reading, but is also very interesting which makes the book impossible to put down. I strongly suggest that every person make time to read this amazing piece of American literature. It is truly a work of art which has be studied for generations, and will continue to be studdied for many years to come."
"If we define the greatest American novel as that which most completely captures the American ideology of a certain place and time in our history, then ""The Great Gatsby"" might very well be the greatest American novel in existence.  However, is ""The Great Gatsby"" the most enjoyable book I've ever read, or even the best written?  No.  This falls pretty low on my list of favorites, but I can't deny Fitzgerald's wonderful talent in putting it together.  In a way, this novel is the literary equivalent of ""Casablanca"" for me---I can acknowledge how well made it is, but distanced from the unique set of social circumstances in which it was first experienced, I can't quite understand the effect it seems to have on so many people."
Just what I wanted.
Excellent five star
Easy read;  classic
one of my fav books
More school reading
school book classic
Satisfied customer.
It was fascinating.
Very good condition
fast delivery great
"Just what I wanted,"
Huge fan of Gatsby!
"The Great GatsbyThe narrator of the novel, Nick Carraway is a young man from Minnesota. He got education at Yale and fought in World War I. Later he went to New York to learn the bond business, and then moved to West Egg, Long Islands. Nick quickly become friend to his next door neighbors, Jay Gatsby. Gatsby is the title and central character of the book. He is a wealthy young man and he is famous for lavish parties he throws every Saturday, but no one knows where he comes from, what he does, or how he made fortune. However, Nick knows that Gatsby was working for a milliner made him to the achievement of the wealth. He is a husband of Daisy. Nick also learns that Gates made his fortune through crime, and also he was a deeply flawed man, dishonest, and vulgar. Other characters are Daisy Buchanan, who is Nicks cousin and Tom Buchanan, who is Daisy's wealthy husband.The change of the character of the story focused on Jay Gatesburg, a young man who rose from poor childhood to become fabulously wealthy. He achieved his goal by participating in organized crime including distributing of illegal alcohols and trading stolen securities (Fitzgerald 41). His main motive in acquiring his fortune was his love to Daisy Buchanan. However, Daiesy married to Tom Buchanan in 1919. Gatsby dedicated himself to return back Daisy by his accumulating millions of dollars and his purchase of mansion on West Egg. To Gatsby, Daisy represents the model of perfection, but Nick characterizes her as shallow, bored and careless. Daisy is in love with money, ease, and material luxury. She shows her real nature when she chooses Tom over Gates, and she is not kind to her daughter too. One time Daisy and Tom said ""Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgiastic future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that's no matter--tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther"" (Fitzgerald 97).  Finally daisy and Tom rather than attending Gatsby funeral, they move away, leaving no forward address.Nick is also Daisy's cousin, which enables him to observe and assist the resurgent love affair between Daisy and Gatsby. As a result of his relationship to these two characters, Nick is the perfect choice to narrate the novel, which functions as a personal memoir of his experiences with Gatsby in the summer of 1922.Nick represents another part of the story. The inner conflict is symbolized throughout the book by Nick's romantic affair with Jordan Baker. He is attracted to her vivacity and her sophistication just as he is repelled by her dishonesty and her lack of consideration for other people. Nick as a young man travels to New York to learn bond business. Nick has strong mixed reaction to the life in the West Egg. On the one hand Nick is attracted by the fun driven life style of New York. On the other hand, he founds the life style ugly and damaging. Nick mentioned that the life style of New York makes him to lose equilibrium after witnessing the unraveling dream of Gatsby. After the funeral of Gatsby, Nick felt impatiens, and he return to Minnesota in searching of quieter life style by more traditional moral values."
"One way to describe The Great Gatsby is to compare this piece of literature to a treasure hunt.  The reason for this comparison is because of the abundance of symbolism and tiny snippets of important information throughout the book.  In my opinion you would have to read this book a few times to get a really good sense of the complexity of the story because each time through the book you will find many things you missed the last time.  However, I find this style of writing a little annoying because I am not one that usually goes back to read a book again, so for this book I was left confused.  The Great Gatsby possesses many lessons on life and how to achieve goals and therefore, an American classic on the American Dream."
"I recently read the book ""The Great Gatsby"". The book is the all-american novel for everyone.  This book should not sit on a book shelf. The book is the best book I have read to date. The book deals with all aspects of love and the trials of life.  ""The Great Gatsby"" Is a book that a person can read a chapter and then leave  it laying there for more than a day.  Since the book is so descriptive, it made me feel like I was in the book. I felt like I was a part of thier lifes.I could refer back to the text and compare my life  with thier life. This book is inspirational to all people including young new writers. The book has to be one of the best books out there. I reconmend this book to everybody."
"The Great Gatsby is a wonder of modern literature.  Fitzgerald skillfully exhibits his disgust with the patrons of the roaring twenties and their disgust for the up and coming ""bourgeoise.""  Not only that, The  Great Gatsby is interesting!  The shattered dream of Jay Gatsby is one of  utter horror.  It really makes you wonder what kind of society we live in!"
"I hate to admit this in public.  I loathe this book.  If you're buying it at all, I can only hope it's because your child is in 9th grade English, and their teacher requires them to have a physical copy.  It's not a *bad* story.  But one of the great classics it isn't.  It just isn't.I rate it somewhere below Emily Dickinson's poems but above Barbara Cartland's pathetic scratchings.It gets three stars simply for being unabridged and cheap enough that you won't be too put out when you find your child has covered it in pink highlighter.  It might also be useful if you need something for your gerbil to chew (please remove the cover, as the plastic film might choke the poor creature or make it ill)."
One word: FABULOUS
ordered for school
Perfect shape book
amazing as always!
A timeless classic
Quick delivery new
To hard to follow.
Good as expections
Enjoyed very much!
"F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote a true classic of the 1920's and the affluence of a distinguished facet of society.  As a high school student, I am quick to judge any novel I read, yet this one caught my attention and had me wondering the truth about the book's title character, Jay Gatsby.  Fitzgerald mixes romance and tragedy to create an unforgettable plot which keeps the attention of its audience.  It proves that wealth cannot buy happiness and does so with unexpected circumstances that surprised me and kept me on my toes until the tradgic finale.  The only unfortunate thing about the book is that it ends and leaves you wanting more.  For an intriguing and different read, The Great Gatsby does not disappoint!"
"I read this book originally when I was a junior in High School and it was one of the few novels that I read for my English class that I actually enjoyed, I even named my cat Gatsby. I have read it several times since my junior year but lost my copy when I moved across country a few years back. So, when I heard the first rumors that they would be making a movie out of it once again, I had the urge to re-read it once again so I bought this version. I loved it just as much as I remember. It is a classic american novel, so I believe everyone should read it. If you somehow got out of reading it in high school, buy it now and enjoy... preferably read it before seeing the new movie version with Leonardo diCaprio"
"buy this book and read it and improve your life. Fitzgerald's writing style is astonishing and drop dead gorgeous. I've just had a let down and needed a solace, and i knew what to do. ""Buy the Great Gatsby and let it be your solace and remind you that life is not over but it's only just begun. Your green light still shines across the water"", I said to myself. Only 4.99? That's ridiculous! You could also buy a hamburger and fries for that price, but will a hamburger and fries feed your soul? NO, BUT THE GREAT GATSBY WILL. So, friend as i bring a conclusion to this admittedly melodramatic review of this product, pull your mouse over to the right but 10 silver little inches and click that button."
"In a world where a football star can commit murder and get away with it,and a family of rich and famous politicians can trash those who stand inthe way of reelection, Fitzgerald could never have been more correct.  When he wrote in ""Gatsby"" that the rich are different, he seems to have had some sort of prophetic genuis.  They certainly are different.  The way in which Tom and Daisy were able to leave their problems behind is not so dissimilar to the kind of privilege which is flaunted by those who abuse such privilege today.  I can't help but feel that even Fitzgerald could never have imagined the depth of arrogance which our rich and infamous have reached today."
Great love story.
This is a classic
"Great, OBVIOUSLY."
"Itense, love it !"
Got it for school
my favorite book!
Like it very much
enjoy reading it.
needed for school
A wonderful read!
excellent reading
Outstanding read.
Husband loved it!
Outstanding read.
"The Great Gatsby is a classic and it's considered a masterpiece. I'm not going to pretend I fully grasped the full beauty of this book. I do hope that in the future I will come back to this book and be able to fully appreciate it.With that said, I found this book quite boring. For me, the book didn't pick up till the ""car accident"" and that's towards the end.Good news is that it's only 170 pages and reads fairly fast. I enjoyed the way the book ended and it made me think about the events that lead up to it all.While it was a worthwhile read, there are a lot of other books I would recommend before this one, just a personal opinion."
"I have read many reviews of this book and of course, it is a classic, therefore I won't bore you with my review regarding the story line.That said.....I felt it a little presumptuous of the author to call her book ""Great"" before it was even published; after considerable research I discovered that the original title of this book was just ""The Gatsby"" and 'Great' was added by Miss Fitzgerald - just to sell her book!Anyway, he dies in the end. Which is sad, but of course you knew that, right?I wish the aspiring author continued success in her efforts and I predict big things for this young lady."
"I reread this recently and loved it so much more than when I had to read it in high school. Fitzgerald's humor is so much more subtle than most humor writer's today and the funny lines are tucked between such beautifully crafted prose. The story is so simple - basically just describes a few parties at a mysterious Gatsby's mansion - but the humor and just enough foreshadowing keep you wanting to move forward. His observations of the young rich would fit in almost perfectly today. Inspired me to get back to writing my own book!By Jaimal Yogis, author of Saltwater Buddha"
It's a classic.
Great condition
Excellent read.
Love it. Thanks
Fantastic book!
Good condition.
Very good book.
A classic read.
Wonderful read.
Great classic. Would definitely recommend!
"Ok, but a bit overrated. Nothing special."
Brilliant.  A great insight into the U.S.
Cover looks good. I haven't read it yet.
My daughter had to read this for school.
Extremely good! Fitzgerald is a genious.
"Great read, great little paperback book."
Excellent book. One of my favorites now.
A classic - have read it more than once.
The book was interesting about the time.
"Dreams are dangerousThey make you see green lightson distant docks that fade in the fog of realityThey make you believe that -Old Sport,of course you can change the past.They keep you asleep through thedangerous night when you should be alertand while they may make you better thanall of the rest of that dreamless crowd,they will leave you alone in a cold poolon a chilly morning to face the consequencesto stare at the man with the gununblinkingand take your punishment for havingdreamed too muchtoo longold sport."
The Great Gatsby is one of those books you're forced to read in school and remember hating.  I decided to give it another try as an adult.The Great Gatsby is the story of a mysterious man who throws great parties in old Long Island.I found the book very hard to read because of the writing style.  It may be a classic but it's not timeless.  The writing is very dated and you find your mind wandering rather then being sucked into the book.I didn't love it and I didn't hate it as much as when I was in school.3 out of 5 stars.
"I purchased this book as a gift.  However, when it arrived the [new] book had dirty scuff marks across the edges and through the center of the dust jacket.  It also has one spot that is sticky as if something had spilled on it prior to packaging.  This makes me a bit upset considering I pay for Prime membership every year and this is the book I receive. Unfortunately, it will have to do as this was a going away gift and I, therefore, will not have the time to request a new one be sent.The book itself is not a two star rating--just the shipping department!"
"There is some excellent writing throughout this book. It's biggest problem is the lack depth to the characters and the relationship between them, particularly Daisy, Gatsby and the relationship between Jordan Baker and Nick, the narrator. In the last thirty five pages or so, the writing seems to take a turn for the worse. The end is just too incredible. Fitzgerald becomes maudlin and sometimes unintelligible. This book is more than anything evidence of the truly great things that Fitzgerald might have ascended to had he not been overcome by his horrendous alcolhism."
"Unfortunately, I was unable to read the book thru my kindle app."
"Next to the Sun Also Rises, the Great Gatsby is simply the greatest American Novel written in the 20th Century.  And on the last page, the reader will be able to find the finest paragraph of prose to be discovered and enjoyed in any language.If you've never read this book before, you're in for a wonderful suprise.  Fitzgerald's imagery and  allusions (think T.S. Elliot's ""Wasteland"") create a subtext questioning of 1920s mores and intellectual fashions that transform this seemingly simple novel into a thoughtful dissertation on life's rewards."
"Reader's of The Great Gatsby will quickly realize that the book is somewhat difficult to understand. F Scott Fitzgerald's language is so proper and educated that most people will have to read the book multiple times in order to begin to understand it. The language, in my view, is poetic in form. It may be hard to interpret, but once you understand it, it is one of the greatest American novels every written. Make sure you have time to read the book several times before you decide to embark on the adventure.Zachary B. MedinaAuthor of Decador"
"The writing is pretty good but unfortunately that doesn't make up for a weak storyline. The plot is so far-fetched in places that it spoiled my enjoyment of the book. The ending was particularly trite and melodramatic. The fact that this book comes in at less than 200 pages long is good because if you don't like it, well at least you didn't waste a lot of time. This is the sort of book that other ""celebrated authors"" apparently think highly of but many ""casual readers"" don't really enjoy it and I am one of the latter. Sorry, but only 3 stars."
Love love love
drags in parts
book was great
I'll buy again
Awesome Thanks
The Great Book
Good condition
Great classic!
Book club read
"This is a wonderful reading of the Great AMerican Novella....""The Great Gatsby"" , includes exerts from F.Scotts correspondence with potential publishers and friends...reveals his enormous ego, as well as his insecurity and need for public adoration of this work.I would suggest this as ""required"" listening for all high school and above students and human beings.  I feel, that if we all read, or listened, to ""the Great Gatsby"", we would see what true good story telling is, and maybe about half of the ""crap"" at the movies would go away!"
"This book is a fine example of books that will be entertaining to those who like to read and those that are inapropriate for School purposes.  this is a more pature book and i believe that it was writen with great passion and this is shown in Mr. Gatsby himself.  with all the tragety in this book and the love story that is displayed, i would recommend this to anyone who wants to read a classic but not to anyone looking for just any old book and doesn't give it the respect it deserves.  Blindspot is the best band in the WORLD."
"fItZgerald,arald,herald, the future that you can gleem in symbols of far off,HIS GENUIS,REGRET given full amplification in  symbolic descrptions of GLITZ EMPTY ECHOES IN PONIFICATIOns. POSTS given anchor on the pages,past each proceeding the other, he was surely on to something, terrible OF THE HAZARDS  MINE FIELDS, STUMBLING ACROSS MOON SOAKED  PLATEAUS, ode dizzy paves in broken glass,  A PRODIGY FLEEIN A PREMATURE  past FUTURE TO STEER CLEAR,THAT LURK ON THE SURFACE OF SEEIN THINGS like no one had ever done before."
love this story!
My son loved it.
Came as expected
"great ,fast read"
For my daughter.
A perfect novel.
"I am a 16 years old girl, and just finished reading the Great Gatsby !  When we got the assignment to read this book, I thought: ""Oh no, another boring book to read this year !"" But this one is certainly  different !  Fitzgerald, describes everything so carefully, that you  immediatly start imagining yourself the scene. It's like you are there,  standing next to the main characters, listening to them very carefully!  Every word is precisely chosen to explain us the character emotions and the  mood in a particular scene !  This is simply an outstanding book, which  makes you understand how difficult writing must be."
"Okay, I'm guessing if you're reading this review, you're a teenager as well, and have to read it for school, or you are an adult curious to see other perspectives of a hated or treasured novel. That said...If you don't like it at the beginning (first five chapters)...just wait. The last four are VERY good, and you can appreciate all the nuances and subleties of the novel. Don't give up halfway! Seriously, one of very few books that remains interesting after analysis. It is a mark of a great novel to be able to create an interesting plot with symbolism, etc, not just a symbolism-laden bore-fest."
"This book is one of the 1920s most popular, and shows how life was back then. Before the depression, people had fun and would dance carelessly in the night to big bands and fox trot. Gatsby was an interesting character who had sort of a charm to him, and it just shows how during the 20s, not many people cared about affairs, racism, nor drinking. I feel Nick is obsessed with Gatsby because Gatsby has the personality and class he doesn't. The story is somewhat hard to follow at parts, especially near the end, but it has a nostalgic feeling to it, and basically is a portrayal of life during this time period."
"I read the book back in the day in high school & wanted to re-read it again to see if I liked it any better & plus, the movie with Leonardo DiCaprio was coming out. Let me say, that re-reading it again did NOT make me enjoy the book anymore. It's really a bunch of rich people partying the whole time & it's just a really slow read. Ohhh the problems that the rich had made me yawn because they were such small problems (i.e. air conditioning not working). The book in my opinion isn't that great of a read but for some reason people seem to glorify F. Scott Fitzgerald's work...for some unknown reason to me."
"Very good quality. I love that it comes with the wet and dry wipes as well as the sticker and cleaning cloth. I tested this out a ton and no breaking, no cracks, no scratches. Very highly recommended. Excellent quality and fits perfect. No little gaps or spaces. It isn't so thick that it is annoying, and but not so thin that it won't protect. the instructions are clearly written and illustrated, not hard to follow and installation itself is easy. It should be thin enough to fit under a case with out a problem."
"Gatsby was great. Actually, it wouldn't be master, if it is written now. At that time, however, it was one of the best masterpiece.Tom, who was Daisy's husband, seemed like that he was in full of seeking for worth, more than the love for Daisy. but Gatsby was not like him. Even though he had much more money than Tom, only thing that matter to him was Daisy. F. Scott Fitzgerald was trying to show us about how great his love, I think.anyway, it is the great book. I really recomend you to read it."
It was greats
"Classic, duh."
Great! Thanks
Great classic
its a classic
Awesome book.
Enjoyable....
Classic story
Great Book!
Masterpiece
A good read
school book
A good read
Great book.
Great Book!
"Gatsby has achieved legendary status in the American canon because it plumbs perpetually attractive themes: unbridled ambition, wealth, power and their inevitable diminution in the face of the most powerful human reality of all-that these are like springtime blooms, satisfying, evanescent and ultimatley to no purpose. For that alone the book is worth reading time and again, ironically rather like the Bible."
"if you knew ahead of time that collectors library was a series of teeny tiny books that you need a magnifying glass to read, you would be okay-- if not, you are dismayed at the size of this post card size book -- this is an edition for people who like to have ""books"" in their house, but don't actually readseller does not pay for return shippingbuyer beware big time"
"I finally got around to reading this American classic. I was impressed with Fitzgerald's exquisite command of his craft and the grand themes woven throughout. I was unimpressed, however, with the characters, who lived lives of dazzling insignificance and ebullient egoism. I had a tough time deciding between three and four stars, but I ended up giving it four, because for what it was, it was quite a good book."
"For sure, if i hadn't been told that THE GREAT GATSBY is a great american novel and that it has deep symbolism and profound meaning, i don't know if i could haue gotten through it. In fact, if i hadn't seen the movie (which i liked) i don't know if i could have gotten through it twice more (just to see if there was any there there), because the movie made the book come alive for me.The character of gatsby is dry, flat and incnmprehensible--i have never been able to relate him to any living, breathing person i have ever known. As a matter of fact, the only almost three-dimensional character is nick carraway (or is that sam waterston?)"
"The Great Gatsby is brilliantly written, really.  Fitzgerald's imagery is romantic and brutally vivid, and his storyline is boorishly realistic.  I liked the book. But from my point of veiw it was depressing. i think everyone is entiltled to their own opinion, and i think all of these 'adults' should quit bashing us teens."
"I reread this recently and loved it so much more than when I had to read it in high school. Fitzgerald's humor is so much more subtle than most humor writer's today and the funny lines are tucked between such beautifully crafted prose. The story is so simple - basically just describes a few parties at a mysterious Gatsby's mansion - but the humor and just enough foreshadowing keep you wanting to move forward. His observations of the young rich would fit in almost perfectly today. Inspired me to get back to writing my own book!By Jaimal Yogis, author of Saltwater Buddha: A Surfer's Quest to Find Zen on the Sea"
"Tim Robbins deserves very high praise for his masterful voice characterizations.  Robbins brings Fitzgerald's masterful prose to life, continually pulling the listener into the world of the novel.  In many ways, the story of the book is just as relevant today as it was when it was first published.  Highly recommended!"
Interesting read
Pretty good book
Wooks for school
My favorite book
Great condition.
The Great Gatsby
Great book
great book
great book
Nice read!
Great book
Five stars
Great book
Great book
It's OK...
Love it :)
Great book
Acceptable
Great book
Good book!
great book
Great book
good book!
This Book!
I love it!
Great Book
Hard read compared to the new one
NICE PAPERBACK EASY YO TAKE ALONG
"quick read, story was pretty good"
"Great product, excellent service!"
Re-reading this was entertaining.
Thank you for this copy I like it
"This book was so amazing. It was written about the 20s and even in today's time it's still relatable and just plain amazing. The story is about a man named gatspy and his love daisy but it's told by the point of view of nick who happend to be daisys cousin and gastpys next door neighbor. The story is really about gastpys love for daisy and how all the parties that he does, everything he does really, it to get daisies attention. With the parties he has them becuase he wants her to go to one but he can't really tell her himself becuae they haven't spoken in years and also daisy is now married.  Gatspy basically does everything for her. Everything. He became rich for her so that they could be together. Becuase he was not a rich person before. The book just shows how he would do anything for her. And it's sad how when he would have parties at his house almost the whole town would go but in the end when he died no one went to his funeral. Not even daisy. Just nick went. And the movie adaptation did a really good job and portraying every emotion the the characters felt in the book. I think that it really stayed true to the book. And the sound track to the movie was just how I imagined it would be for the book. It's incredible. Especially Blythe song young and beautiful by Lana del ray. It is perfect for daisy and gastpys love"
It was a bit confusing in places
intricate​ and thought provoking
Awesome book! Perfect condition.
Nice edition.
As described.
Very pleased.
great classic
"I read this twice this year in school. It's such a classic. It's hard to fathom how one person can crave another person so much that they put them on a pedestal. Everyone wants to be loved in such a way. You really feel for the characters and wish that he loved someone that was good enough for him. The last line of the book is forever imprinted in my head. It just summed up the feeling of the entire novel. I wish I had a Gatsby that loved me for me.thank you for your time,Loran"
"And I'm sure Nick Carraway would agree with me, judging from the last two pages, when he's talking about the settlers landing on long island for the first time and how the entire continent lay open before them, full of hope...sort of like Gatsby's relationship with Daisy. So, having read ""the American Book,"" I'm now left with a sense, like Nick suggests, of ""is that all there is?"" The answer, obviously, is yes. But the book is brilliant; you should read it and think about it."
"Life in the 1920s. although it may seem wonderful, was unfulfilling.  In the Great Gatsby, follow Nick Carraway and discover the dramatic stories of great and not so great individuals.  No book ever has shown you such a reality of twenties life behind the limelight.  This book was in my mind worth reading the 200 some odd pages.  This story is not a happy happy book that many books are and chooses the reality approach.  This book is definatley worth the hour it takes to read.  ..."
"The book took around two weeks to get here - which isn't terrible, but it is considering how close I live to the shipping area. Also, the book I received is The Great Gatsby, however, it is NOT this book cover. That is the entire reason I ordered this specific one. Instead, the one I got is some random amateur drawing of what I believe is Daisy Buchanan smelling flowers. The cover is in mint condition and all - I'm just a little disappointed that the product is not true to the photo."
"I read this book over twenty years ago as a high school senior; unfortunately, I was too young to appreciate the author's style and the depth of the story.  This time I found myself enamored with some of the  passages, ""So he waited, listening for a moment longer to the  tuning-fork that had been struck upon a star.  Then he kissed her.  At his  lips' touch she blossomed for him like a flower and the incarnation was  complete.""  What more is there to say?  True literature."
"This despairing novel set in New York in the 1920s addresses the hopelessness of the American Dream.  The novel is centered around Jay Gatsby, a man who dreams of bringing back the past with the woman he loves.  That woman, Daisy, is concerned only with the material world and  represents themes of the decaying moral standards of the 1920s.  By the end  of the novel, Fitzgerald has made apparent the unattainableness of the past  as well as the falsity of the American Dream."
Very good!
Brilliant!
Beautiful.
Good book.
A classic.
Good book.
A good buy
"I wanted to read this classic.  Unfortunately, the print is so small, I will have to use a magnifying glass to read it.  This is on top of the reading glasses that I currently use."
"I had heard a lot of great things about The Great Gatsby but never read it before and was eager to finally read it.  It was well done and an easy read even after all this time.The tale is told by the neighbor of Gatsby.  It is a twisted tale of adultery and adoration.  Some say it is the quintessential American novel.  Gatsby's neighbor tell us of Gatsby's quest to win a married woman's, Daisy's, heart.  Daisy struggles with a husband who cheats on her with another woman and she married him for money.  The whole tale ends in a tragedy not unlike a Greek play.The tale was an easy and quick read and fairly engaging.  Fitzgerald does an excellent job describing the era and the surroundings, making everything easy for the reader to picture.The story quickly gets twisted and complicated with various characters involved with other characters that they aren't supposed to be with.  The tragic ending is strangely ironic and suiting of all the selfish characters present.I can understand how some might root for Gatsby and Daisy and their supposed quest for true love; but personally I found all of the characters to be selfish, shallow and deserving of what they got in the end.  This tale truly shows an era of American decadence.Overall a decent read and I am glad that I read this.  I loved the ironic symmetry of the story, but didn't really enjoy any of the characters much.  The story is paced well, has great description throughout, and is engaging.  I wouldn't run out and read everything by Fitzgerald based on this book, but I enjoyed this book and am glad I can say I finally read this."
I chose this book because I've been wanting to read it for a while now and the movie came out.  I like to read books then go see the movie.  I really liked the story but the writing at times was bit vague to me but it was ok. I read it thinking things could have been described so much better.  It made the movie fun to watch. Leonardo was a good choice to play Gatsby.
"This book was very difficult to get into.  After the first few chapters it is probably an okay book but I  didn't get that far.  That is all I have to say since I only read the first few pages of this not-so-interesting book.  My advice to you is if you have a short attention span then don't read this  book, but if you like to be bored then this is the book for you."
"Even nearly 100 years after it was first written the book still takes the reader on the ride of their life.  Granted some details of it is dated, but it is easily overlooked.  The song is what stuck with me:  Aint we got fun?  Only one thing I would wish is that the book was longer.  Oh well... nothing lasts forever, which I suppose is the premise of the book."
"There is a content of reality aspect of the narrative, that if attended to earlier enough in ones life could make a tremendous difference in the quality thereto.  But, having said that, I suspect, without first hand experience, the point could very well be missed by young eyes.  So, maybe the book is best used by spiritual teachers as a reference for discussion."
I read this in my tenth grade English class. Fitzgerald accurately describes the shallow and superficial Eastern culture during the roaring twenties in a style of writing comparable to no other author. A definite must read for all those fascinated with American history and culture following World War I. Easily the closest thing to the Great American Novel yet.
"Gatsby in a lot of ways is typical of most of us today, who live modern, crowded lives. As you enter Gatsby's world of parties and beautiful people, you are left with the almost overwhelming thought that Gatsby is always in a crowd and yet he is always alone!A must read, one of the most beautifully targic stories of all time! Targic without being sad."
"The Great Gatsby is a wonderful book. I fell in love with, and felt for Gatsby.  It is a love story with a lot of underlying themes and messages. I read a review that 'Textorcist ""me"" (saschatuan)' wrote and i wanted to point out that the book actually takes place in Long Island and Tom and Daisy's last name is Buchanan (not Buckhannon.) The fact that Gatby throws parties is a very important detail of the book, showing his devotion to reunite with Daisy.  I also noticed spelling and grammar errors. Maybe if this person ('Textorcist ""me"" (saschatuan)) was more educated and payed batter attention to the book he or she would like it more. In order to appreciate a book you must first understand it."
"A contrite story and a fairly elementary style of writing. I guess back in 1925 it would have been interesting, and it would be a good book for high-schoolers to read as a history lesson of what was going on during that time of our country.  But I was hoping for more depth. After reading the book, I have no interest in watching the several movie adaptions."
"A masterpiece about the American Dream.  One of the best novels ever written, but don't take my words for it.  The uses of symbolism are brilliant, such as the green light on the dock, the Valley of Ashes, and the eyes of Dr. Eckleburg.  I especially cherish the ending, it was so beautiful.  I recommend reading this book, and then read it again, and again"
its a nice book to read. My son love it and he said he will read it again. thank you.
The book was just like the Leonardo version of the movie. I'm fact I will say the movie is better because you get a better feel of what is being said and experienced in the book.
very good
Good read
good book
loved it!
Delivered
good book
Loved it!
Satisfied
Good book
Loved it!
Thank you
Thank you
a classic
good book
Good Read
good read
Loved it.
Classic!!
"Any modern mysteries writer, probably writes better stories today than Fitzgerald did in this book. I finished this book dissapointed, I had greater expectations, it is probably that the movies featuring great actors and showing the glamour of the depicted lavish parties in Long Island, NY gave more leverage to this story, than it really has"
"This book is relatively small, but packs a huge story. It is intriguing from beginning to end. The sentences are written so beautifully that they could be appreciated by themselves. The characters are lovable and despicable. In Gatsby's world no one is perfect. I would recommend this to anyone who appreciates a good story and strong writing."
"In a world that celebrates capitalism to a T, The Great Gatsby brought me back to the negative aspects of a world that celebrates spending at the cost of meaningful relationships.  Not only is this story well-written, it is also fundamentally relevant.  In a nation where the gap between the rich and the poor slowly, but steadily grows, a book for the twenties is as equally important for today. Nick Carraway is a disillusioned banker who introduces the story in a generally negative tone.  The reader finds out why as we are introduced to the one, the only, Jay Gatsby.  This story is completely tragic, as it explores the moral gaps between the old wealth, the new wealth, and the poverty.  Daisy and Tom represent all of a conservative society that looks down at everything from the new wealth (aka Gatsby) all the way to the financially strapped characters, and I leave the rest for you to sort out. It's an extraordinary novel and it is the best novel that shows us today how the twenties represented the major dilemmas of consumerism and its detrimental effects."
As described. Happy camper.
Timeless. Immortal. Honest.
Just OK - I expected better
Can see why it is a classic
Teaching this in English 11
"Good read, shipped quickly."
great product fast shipping
Book was in great condition
Great book. Seen the movie.
as described
Great story!
"I've read and reread The Great Gatsby for most of my adult life, and it's the greatest American novel because it shows America's endless ability to re-invent itself, and ourselves.  Oh sure, that book featuring a young man named Huckleberry Finn by America's greatest writer of all time, Mark Twain comes close, but Jay Gatsby, Daisy Buchanan and Nick Carraway are Everyman, and... well, they don't float rafts down the Mississippi anymore, do they?"
"This book is very poetic and full of exciting imagery.  However I feel it is mostly full of warning that just because you have money and sleep with you want doesn't mean you have really found love or friends.  Nick is lost in all this, trying in some ways to belong but knows he isn't part of this fake world. Gatsby I feel wants an excuse to get out; but the walls are to high.  Worth readying every so often and is a true classic"
great novel
great book!
Great book!
Great gift.
Great book.
Great book!
"The book itself is just fine and it came in decent condition. My review (and the 2/5 star rating that I am giving here) is low because the book that is pictured is not the book I was sold. I specifically tried to purchase one of the older books that had the original cover, and ended up with a brand new print version that has an ugly cover."
I can not say to much about this book other than I didn't like it. The story should have been very good but did not keep me interested and I read the book  because our book club choose it. We as a group watched the new Hollywood version and found it less entertaining than the book.Sorry F. Scott but this is my take on this classic
"What was this about? If it's supposed to be a love story, it's weak. I guess back when it was written, FSF couldn't paint as vivid a pic as we can now due to censoring. idk.  Thank goodness for the movie otherwise I would have given the book 1 star. I enjoyed that way more than the book. Usually it's the other way around for me."
"I wonder why this has such a reputation of being such a great book, because I didn't care for it at all.  Maybe I was missing something in it.  I guess it was typical of the times and people who had nothing else to do but give parties.  It certainly wasn't a good character study because most of the characters were quite shallow"
"Hard back book, How awesome is that?"
"I hated this story about some long island swells. but my daughter loved it.furthermore, hemiingway was far from my idea as anykind of saint. my daughter, the teenager, loves love stories & she rates this high up there. to each his own. the book came on time, is very reasonably priced and she's happy. end of story"
"First had to read this as a school assignment, but years later I pulled it off the shelf and read it on my own free will.  Considering how little is revealed about Gatsby, he is a truly fascinating character.  The Buchanans are the really interesting people in this story.  Another key point - the book is not very long."
"Most of the reviews here seem to be about the book itself, and not this particular presentation of the book.  That's a shame because it is so vital to understand that this is an ABRIDGED version of the novel. It is NOT the full text, it is NOT the original edition. Even the first line has been cut  from the famous,""In my younger and more vulnerable years..."" to a rather less sparkling, ""In my younger years...""  Whatever your opinions about ""Gatsby"" will be you owe it to yourself to listen to the real thing and not a stunted version based on what some editor believes you are capable of handling."
This book was a pretty good one which kept my interest and did not put me to sleep.  More action could have been used but the romance was nice and the ending was Clutch.  The willingness of Jay Gatsby to Stick with Daisy was exciting and i liked the passion that was put into writing it.  Well done Mr. Fitzgerald.
"Books aren't written with this much thought and insight anymore.  It helps on  look at their own intentions and maybe ones own shallowness.  Each person has their own desires, goals, and ambitions that are egotistical and narcissistic to a certain extent and this book portrays that brilliantly and intelligently."
"The prose is beautiful, which I did enjoy. But I didn't enjoy the story, which felt slow, pointless, and sometimes unintelligible. Nor did I care what happened to the characters.Natasha HolmeAuthor of Lesbian Crushes and Bulimia: A Diary on How I Acquired my Eating Disorder"
"I was very displeased when I received the book. Firstly it was stated that the book didnot have any writing. There are writing in it names written on the title page and few writing throught out , most of all  highlighter marking in small square shape. Also it was not the same cover page as the one being shown."
"Publisher: Penguin (February 24, 2000)ASIN: B002RI97R0I bought this edition for the extra info and notes.  There are a number of typos and errors in this edition.  You'll be able to get through it but it's still annoying for a paid product.kindle, digital, typos, mistakes, errors"
I thought I would really like The Great Gatsby because you hear so much about it but it reminded me too much of a soap opera. In fact I couldnt believe how overly silly and dull the plot was. It  was like a 1970s  miniseries. Also Fitzgerald is a  very bland writer. I dont know. Maybe I  should try it again.
"I placed the order to help out a disabled student and it arrived with plenty of time for the student to get going on the assigned reading.  As far as I know, the CDs were in good shape, but the package was pretty misshapen and beat up by the time it arrived.  A padded envelope might be the ticket next time."
"If you like Fitzgerald then far be it for me to tell you that this is not one of his greatest works but this book felt about as vapid, and two dimensional as the characters it portrayed.  I much preferred ""Tender is the Night"" with its journey into the type of madness you can sink your teeth into."
The best
love it!
Awesome!
Classic!
Classic.
Amazing!
Love it.
Jazz age
LOVE IT!
Classic.
Perfect.
"The Great Gatsby is a great novel not only by illustrating the ""Jazz Age"" with all its greatness but it also depicts the failure of searching for moral character in the pursuit for the ""American  Dream"".  Fitzgerald has made a masterpiece that will dwell in modern  society."
"I just dont get all the praise heaped on this book.  There are some good passages, but in the end it left me sorely disappointed.  Compared to Garcia Marquez or Proust just doesn't have a way with words.  And shallow  characters are given better treatment in Hemingway's The Sun Also Rises."
"I thought I would read this book since it is so famous and respected as good literature.  I found it was just people, some very wealthy, behaving badly.  Not an entertaining topic, and a book I was glad to finish to put it behind me. I feel sorry for high school kids who have to read it."
"One of the greatest, obvi."
"good product , great price"
"A Classic, for good reason"
Great copy of a great book
Soooooooooooo bad. It's just a print version from pdf online. I wonder how it is even legal to sell something like that.
"I think that this novel had a good plot line. There were quite a few parts though at which I got confused.If I did not have to read this book for a novel project in my Language Arts class, I highly doubt whether or not I would have gotten past the first chapter. The first seventy pages of the book were filled with so many details and so much information that I kept getting confused. Luckily, one of my friends, the one who recommended the book to me, was always able to answer my questions and explain things to me in a manner that I could comprehend. I feel that the book does not really begin to pick up and make any sense till page eighty or so. After that point though, I feel that the plot really picked up and became more interesting. I am one who watches soap operas, so it was a little bit of a resemblence. For the most part, I do not think I would have finished this book had i not been forced too, but I am glad that I did,because it turned out to be a half decent book in the end. That is why I rated it three star."
One of Fitzgerald's Best.
Exactly what we expected.
A great classic. Unique!!
Fantastic book and seller
"What can really be said about The Great Gatsby that hasn't already been said?  The novel itself is near perfection.  In this Fitzgerald is a genius.  Using as few words as possible, Fitzgerald has richly constructed a story as fitting of the American experience in 2009 as it was during the Jazz age--all glitz and glitter, pomp and circumstance based on thin air, imorality, and chimeric dreams. The Great Gatsby as a novel is a great achievement.  As a story, it is bankrupt."
"This is not a bad book but it doesn't have the compelling story to me. I found the author very capable of crafting words, but I did not sense a ""I can't wait to know"" moments. Of course like all classics you have to over look the vernacular. The author also used a few words that I was not familiar with. This would make this book better for a more sophisticated reader. I am interested in reading other reviews by more learned people to see just how much I might of missed."
"Over the summer our school assigns a reading list and I picked this book, thinking it would be another boring book, that I probably wouldn't even read.  I was wrong, this is a really good book.  In addition to being short, under 200 pages, it captures the life of these people, and makes you want to learn about them and their lives.  Between the lavish parties at Mr. Gatsby's house, and the affairs, of Tom and Daisy Buchannon, this book will be a fast read for anyone!"
"My first thought when I was reading the first two chapters of ""The Great Gatsby"" was to put it down and stop reading.  Lukily I didn't!  This was one of the best books I have read.  It is full of symbolism and  heartbreak.  This is one of those books that needs to be read a little  slower than most books.  Special attention needs to be paid to colour  symbolism in order to understand some points.  If you haven't already read  this book, go out and buy it!"
"I was both touched and frustrated by the style of writing.  Pay attention to every line or you may miss something.  The over arching message is universal, that wealthy people can make big mistakes in life too...The author seems to want to blame wealth for irresponsibility...a theme that is difficult for me to buy.  Everyone can be there no matter what station in life.  The real tragedy was Gatsby's investment in worthlessness.  For that point I commend the author."
As expected.
Good product
just alright
It was okay.
Its great!!!
classic
My first encounter with Fitzgerald and I found his delivery strange at first butgot a grip on the society of the time and the hedonistic lifestyle practicesthat seem so far removed from the general populace. Interesting as a historicaldocument.
"I have to wonder what books were being written at that time that made this book supposedly so outstanding.  It was good, but didn't grab me like current writers (Grisham, Flynn, etc ) do.  Maybe I was too tired, or occupied with other things when I read it."
"I'll be the first to review this. Looking to select a version to download I sampled the $1.99 Kindle Jan 9 2011 version as well as the $19.38 May 27, 2003 Kindle version. If you want to read the prose formatted as F Scott wrote it, you will need to shell out an outrageous $19.38 for what ought to be a public domain book. The $1.99 version will enable you to read the book (judging from the sample) but at the cost of annoying HUGE blank spaces between sentences and groups of sentences making a mockery of the idea of paragraphing. What is with the date on this version? Jan 9, 2011. Why put out this version when the 2003 version appears to be properly formatted? Let's hope either the $1.99 version gets sensibly reformatted or the $19.38 version comes down in price drastically. Personally, as I am not a starving student who has to read GG right NOW (the audience this version may have been prematurely pushed out for?) I will wait. I DO laud Amazon for enabling one to preview these books as I've saved $1.99."
"While I was reading it about a month ago, The Great Gatsby seemed like a pointless story of spoiled rich people, too lazy to commit adultery successfully, let alone make a marriage or even romance work.  There was a lot of description about the period, and society behavior of the period, that didn't seem particularly relevant, and the end seemed morally ambiguous.  However, much of this short novel has stuck in my mind, especially the characters, longer than other novels I read (mostly sci-fi and mysteries).It also seemed a mistake to make the protagonist a bystander with only passing reference to Gatsby during the first third of the novel.  On reflection, this probably built up the mystery about the character and kept me reading.  Since then I've watched the movie with Alan Ladd, and they dropped that device, bringing Gatsby in early.  The movie seemed like it would be thoroughly dull to anyone who hasn't read the book, though relatively faithful for a Hollywood adaptation."
"The Great Gatsby was in ""very good"" condition just like the description said it would be.  I was very happy with this product and I cannot wait to read my new book.  Thanks so much joannesbooksgalore for your wonderful addition to my library!"
"I think Fitzgerald has the smoothest-flowing prose  in American fiction.  That's why I got so absorbed in this book --  even though some of the characters are people I know I wouldn't especially like  in real life.  I  found myself questioning myself ""Why are you continuing to read about  these fatuous individuals?  Do you really care what happens to them?""  But I couldn't put the book down. I felt I was right there, actually  participating in the storied 1920's decade, albeit a certain slice of that  famous decade (which many liken to the 1990's). That's the magic of good  writing.While Great Gatsby brings a distant generation to you, today's  young generation (or a certain slice of it) comes right to you in  ""Love Songs of the Tone-Deaf"" by Asher Brauner.  In a similar  way, this book has a hero you don't especially like at first, but the whole  story is so engaging and the humor is so charming that you can't put it  down either."
"The Great Gatsby is among the comfort food of American literature but it still provides us with delicious nourishment. Fitzgerald 's beautiful sentences are like the music floating out onto the water from Gatsby's house, in early summer."
I did receive the book very fast but the book itself is missing the last few chapters of the book. I bought this book new and the pages don't look to be torn out they are just simply missing. It was a missprint. I was very disappointed.
I had to read the book for school so I did not have a choice .  I am more into action packed super natural books . However this book is beautifully written and the author was truly talented . It's a good romance I guess you would say.
"Francis Scott FitzgeraldThe Great GatsbyPenguin Popular Classics, Paperback, 1994.12mo. 188 pp.First published in 1926.===========================================Fed up with reading numerous reviews extolling Francis Scott Fitzgerald's ''The Great Gatsby'', I finally decided to read that book, no doubt additionally stimulated by its shortness. Now I wonder what all the fuss is about - for the novel has been a major disappointment. If this is one of the pinnacles of the American literature - and I keep hearing it is - I shudder to think what some of the lower peaks must be.Whether I was prejudiced against the novel by its classical status, or sceptical about it because of the huge amount of praise conferred on it, or simply had too high expectations, is hard to say. But I surmise I might kinda exclude the first two possibilities - for there is a precedent for a classic which I was both prejudiced against and sceptical about, but which I enjoyed quite a lot and which made me an ardent fan of its author (or authoress, because I am speaking of Jane Austen and ''Pride and Prejudice''). As for the high expectations, if one doesn't have them about the classics, what is there to have them about? Certainly, no one is obliged to like any book under the classical label, but I certainly think everyone should give a good deal of time and attention to the classics. The fact that they were first published many decades ago and the reading public, generation after generation, has found them valuable enough to keep them in print is a good enough recommendation. It fills me with respect and awe; sadly, they are not always reflected in the works themselves. ''The Great Gatsby'', alas, only proved again what a wonderful series Penguin Popular Classics is: it gives me the excellent opportunity to acquire at a really cheap price classics that simply don't worth more. As far as I am concerned of course.To start with, the story is good enough for a mediocre novelette, but it is hardly remarkable, much less compelling, and surely unworthy of a novel: Gatsby is fooling around with an old girlfriend of his and that's just about all - until an ill-conceived and badly paced series of dramatic events lead the reader to a lurid end out of the blue. What is much worse than the inanity of the story - which is not so rare a thing after all - is the fact that it is simply very poorly written. It is well beyond me how such prose can be described as ''beautiful'', as I so often hear it described; to me it seems convoluted and laboured, ungraceful and heavy, from time to time bursting with affectation and odious sentimentality. The worst thing of all is that the florid, hideously purple language often completely parts with lucidity. Indeed there are moments when I am left perfectly at sea what at all happens or what the characters are talking about. Nor is the dialogue much better, though sometimes it is remarkably dramatic and meaningful. On the whole, the book certainly is readable, but I was neither entertained by it, nor sorry when I finished it. Nor do I have any intention of re-reading it - I do that only with books which have succeeded to give me a unique and valuable experience.As for the characters, they don't fare much better. The narrator, Nick Carraway, is the only one who shows some hints of depth, complexity and charm. One of the book's major flaws is that Nick is far more interesting a character than Gatsby himself. Certainly Mr Carraway doesn't suffer from modesty:''Every one suspects himself of at least one of the cardinal virtues, and this is mine: I am one of the few honest people that I have ever known.''Well, neither with the other characters nor with his readers is he as honest as he wishes he would be, but at all events he tries really hard to be - which is highly commendable. We are given to understand that he is poor, so he naturally has nothing but scorn and contempt for the rich. This only makes him more acute observer, which in turn makes a fine combination with his sharp tongue. The sarcasm of Nick Carraway virtually pervades the whole story and leaves no doubt about his opinion of the wealthy. It is often not a little amusing but it is rather unfortunate that the narrator should harp on it so much; every third sentence it gets quite tedious indeed. Moreover, Mr Carraway is not exactly a skillful narrator: few times does he turn to Gatsby's past but he invariably fails to say much that is less confused than the numerous rumours flying over Gatsby's mansion; except that he didn't earn a single cent of his fabulous wealth but inherited it all - which only makes Gatsby less and less compelling, if that's possible.It is Nick Carraway, too, who is there to make some sense of Gatsby's otherwise perfectly incoherent behaviour and singularly boring character. The only sign of greatness that can be ascribed to Jay Gatsby, as far as I can see, is that he is an exception of the rule: much as Nick despises the rich strata of the society, and disapproves of the man who ''represented everything for which I have an unaffected scorn'', he cannot help but being attracted to him. But what is this attraction founded on? That, I confess, remains a mystery to me. For Jay Gatsby is as boring a character as there ever was one. There is somebody there, perhaps some fascinating hint of contradictory nature as well, but we are never given anything more than lots of ''old sport'' stuff together with a strange mixture of an urbane, aloof host of the most glittering parties on the East coast of America and incoherent, infantile and devoid of simple common sense man who is head over heels in love with one Daisy. And who on earth is Daisy? Nothing more than a silly girl with one-track mind and affected manner that borders on the incredible. Her pathetic cries in the beginning ''Sophisticated -- God, I'm sophisticated!'' are just too ridiculous to be amusing. Nor is her husband, Tom Buchanan, any less dull and lacking anything that might be called appealing, though in general he is much better drawn; as a matter of fact, he is perhaps the most complete character in the novel after Nick Carraway which, in a way, makes Tom fascinating, if by no means likeable. Jordan Baker, with whom Nick had something of an affair, so sketchy and insubstantial that it might have been spared to the reader, together with Mr and Mrs Wilson, surprisingly shadowy characters given their crucial part in the story, only complete a list of dramatis personae more poorly presented than many a mediocre play can offer.I surmise what makes ''The Great Gatsby'' a classic is its vivid representation of the so called Jazz Age, term invented by Fitzgerald himself as I am given to understand. He is certainly at his best describing monstrously expensive parties full of monstrously wealthy people whose ultimate goal is to get perfectly drank and to talk the most stupendous crap one can possibly imagine. Nick's devastating tongue has a feast here all right. The emptiness and the decadence of an era in which one of the most popular waltzes could be named ''Three o'clock in the Morning'' is vividly described, with a degree of verisimilitude which Mr Fitzgerald should certainly be given credit for. But I have two rather simple questions: 1) is this Jazz Age, or whatever name one might wish to call it, worth the trouble to write and read whole novels about?; and 2) can the Jazz Age in this particular case, evocative as it is, compensate for uninteresting story, flat characters and indifferent narrative?This has been my first encounter with the work of Francis Scott Fitzgerald and I am not at all sure that it won't be the last one as well. For my part, despite charming moment here and there, the best thing about ''The Great Gatsby'' remains its short length. A classic it may well be. But certainly not my cup of tea."
"Well, I admit, I am let down. I concede  that I am rating this from a scale of expectations; and on that scale, its rates only an okay.  Like many, from time to time, I go back and pick up a ""classic"" to see what it is I missed the first time around. I was without a new read this particular weekend and picked up ""The Great Gatsby"" off of my daughter's required reading shelf of books from high school.Well, in comparison to other such deservedly vaunted works (""Moby Dick"" is my second favorite book in a lifetime on such a re-reading),  this one did not measure up.  It was not just the ennui (although it was primarily that) that seemed to envelop one and all the characters (sparing only Nick, who I am guessing was the author's own self reflecting on his world), there also seemed to be evidence of an odd lack of discipline in spots. There were a couple of passages where the author seemed to have forgotten in whose voice he was speaking.  In others, time and space are confused.(And, its only a minor complaint  that Fitzgerald can't seem to stop using the work ""murmur"" to describe virtually every other audible  utterance. Was this intentional?; I am not sure but it did strike me a bit lazy). But my biggest complaint was the lack of any inspirational bottom.  Perhaps, indeed this was Fitzgerald's own experience, and I would have to guess in many ways it must have been.  But while I have read many a novel full of misanthropes and other desperate souls, this is one of the few that are thought of as ""great"" in which virtually everyone seems to be lost or desperate, or, as to most of them,  just so plain self-orbital, that one is left without some glimmer of hope. On reflection, aside from the pitiable Mr. Wilson, Jordan Baker (despite her tendency to lie and cheat) was perhaps the only character that  elicited genuine  empathy at the end of things- an insecure soul who had allowed herself to be finally vulnerable to her feelings for Nick only to be let down by his withdrawal from her, when he finally retreated from  the ennui of the East. Only she seemed ""human"" in a way that one could understand or tolerate.A friend once laughed at me for describing Cormac McCarthy's ""The Road"" as a hopeful novel.  Yet despite a  post-apocalyptic world full of survivalist desperation,  there was at its core a message of the hope of delivering a next generation into a world with the faintest  glimmer of new awakening in it.  In Gatsby, in contrast,  the only child  in the novel is revealed briefly as an  ornament for her mother's parlor gathering, and then  ushered away for her parents to get on with the  party. And, the author ends the book with a despairing description of human  hope as being washed away with the sands of time.I have to admit Fitzgerald could set a stage for dramatic, and sometimes emotionally gripping moments, although the scenes sometimes (too often it seemed) bordered on melodrama. The characters, were, for the most part, richly rendered and he was able, at times,  to make them make me laugh. Indeed, the symbolism of the settings he described was wonderfully rendered. In these respects, I can admire the flourish of his writing.And as for my disappointment with the substance, that may well have been the product of a gifted writer (and that much is clear) working in that gilded age after the  Industrial Revolution and before the Great Depression.BUT,""the great American novel"" (of which there are many) should some, for this reader, offer some source of inspiration or at least enlightenment.  In the end, this exquisitely written book left me feeling empty in the way that its well sated characters did after their summer season's tragic end."
"This is a seriously awesome book. Quite simply, you must read it. I know you've heard it before: allow me to join in praising it.The first thing I'd like to point out is Fitzgerald's brilliant use of symbolism. The cars, the colors, various characters' glasses... these aren't just trivial things, you know. Pay close attention to them.Anyway, the next thing I'd like to discuss is the character of Gatsby himself. A very intriguing figure. In fact, he's a bit of an enigma to me in that I have no definite opinion on whether or not I admire him. My opinion on the other characters is clear-cut (I mostly dislike them, other than Nick - which I believe was Fitzgerald's intention, to portray the rich as shallow and irresponsible - another thing that comes off brilliantly). But Gatsby... I'm not sure on Gatsby. I have to salute him for sticking with his dream for so long, in spite of its hopelessness, but the ends of said dream would have resulted in disaster for all parties involved, and his motives would be questionable. Gatsby is charismatic, well-read, determined, and intelligent; he is also greedy, self-absorbed, and stuck in the past. In other words, very human. And that's the most intriguing part of his character: when the end comes, I am unsure whether or not I feel Gatsby deserved his fate. Something to ponder. I like books that make me think deeply, and this is one of them.As for Fitzgerald's language, let us say he has total mastery over it. I knew he was a phenomenal writer from reading a collection of his short stories before I picked up Gatsby, but nothing could prepare me for what this book would present. Fitzgerald was a very, very talented writer, and there's a fine reason why he is widely considered one of the best. Books don't get much better.As an attack on the fast, hard lifestyles of the wealthy (something Fitzgerald himself knew a lot about), and as a meditation on how time's passage can ruin lives, this is equally brilliant. Easily one of the best books I've ever read. Every character is fully fleshed out, even seemingly (but only seemingly!) trivial characters like Old Owl Eyes; the symbolism is perfect, the language is stunning, and the book is just the right length. I can think of no criticisms."
"The Great Gastby is honestly one of the greatest books out there these days. Despite the infamous spellin errors, Fitzgerald really pulls off a complicated relationship that truly reveals the true ideals and values of the new American Dream.Dedicated to his wife Zelda, The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald is a quick compilation of his passion for her, pouring out every single rush of emotion from pen to paper. After Fitzgerald's rocky relationship with Zelda, he decided to embed his experience into a book replete with mistakes as a result of his burst of emotion and fervor.The Great Gatsby argues that even if an individual is determined enough to chase a dream to the ends of the earth by any means necessary, his social status would remain the unchanged. Left with no choice, Gatsby is forced to perform illegal actions, like bootlegging, in order to gain monetary success. With this wealth, Gatsby can successfully compete with Tom and win Daisy over. However, Daisy cares not only about the wealth of her husband, but also the reputation and social status. However, the only way Gatsby was able to obtain that much wealth in a short period of time was to bootleg, an illegal action that would lower anyone's social standing. In the hierarchy of society, an individual is rarely able to move up on the social ladder. Because Gatsby had to earn his wealth through illegal means, his reputation was thus undermined. Because his goal was to win Daisy's heart, he cared less about his appearance to his contemporaries and thus sacrificed his image for his goal. Despite his determination, he was unsuccessful in that he died before he could fully experience Daisy's love, ultimately coming up short.Even though he had gained the wealth he needed, his goals were eventually hindered and obstructed, as he died without his dear love. Because the story ends as a tragedy, Gatsby represents a low social standing individual who failed to reach his goal, despite his quick path to financial success. Though he came close, he still could not hold back the repercussions of a society, in which reputation mattered as much as wealth.I recommend this book, because it's ideas are intriguing and realistic and can potentionally happen to you."
"Considered one of the best and most important books in English, Francis Scott Fitzgerald's ""The Great Gatsby"" is one of the few intellectual novels that are at the same time widely popular. The writer's vivid descriptions of the Jazz Age ranks as the best, and his language and character development can be understood by young and adult readers both.Published in 1925, this book has many events inspired by Fitzgerald wealthy life. The narrator --and one of the main characters--, Nick Carraway, like his creator, is a young man from Minnesota educated at an Ivy League School (Yale), who moves to New York after the war. At the same time, the main character, Jay Gatsby, also share many things in common with Fitzgerald. Both are young and sensitive, and, what is more interesting, is the fact that they have a very romanticized vision of wealth and love, and felt in love with a young woman when in a military camp in South.Nick starts his narrative telling that his readers an advice his father gave him, telling that when he feels like criticizing someone he should remember that he is not in a position of doing so, because he has had many advantages in his live. Beginning with that, it is sort of a disclaimer as if the writer is telling that in his narrative he is just portraying a story, rather than making judgments on the events and people. Smart movie -- since most of the novel reads like a big criticism against the lost of the American Dream, due to money and corruption.Nick is learn bond business, and lives in New York. He rents a house in the West Egg district. His neighbor seems to be wealthy and happy -- he is throwing parties in an everyday base. One day he goes to East Egg to visit his cousin Daisy and her husband. He meets young Jordan Baker, a young woman who claims to know his neighbor. He is Mr Gatsby. She also tells him that Tom has a lover.Days later, Jordan invites Nick for a meeting and tells him about Daisy and Gatsby. They used to date before the war. And now, the man wants that Nick and Jordan arrange a meeting for him and Daisy at Nick's. Once the couple meets again, the tragedy starts in the characters lives.By telling this American Tragedy -- and loss of American dream -- Nick is very contradictory. To begin with he is making judgments -- not following his father advices --alternating moments when he is very objective, and moments when he seems to give his own interpretation of the facts.  What also has resonance in ""The Great Gatsby"" is the nostalgic tone adopted by the narrator. He seems to be telling about the end of a civilization that no longer exists, and at the same time he feels guilty for its destruction.On another point, Nick/Fitzgerald is criticizing the hollowness of the upper classes. This is the part when the book has a sociological --and not only literary-- interest. The West Egg citizens represent the noveau rich; while the East Egg ones are the aristocracy. The newly riches are vulgar and have no social grace or taste. Gatsby is his most effective example of that. But the aristocracy, on the other hand, lacks heart -- they don't care if hurt other people. Ironically Gatsby's best qualities (love and loyalty) are what lead him to the tragedy.""The Great Gastsby"" is a very short and entertaining book. Written with beautiful language and extremely well characters. It is a passionate and unforgettable portray of a civilization that doesn't exist any longer -- like something gone with the wind."
"The Great Gatsby is a classic novel which almost everyone has heard of.  It is often read in English classes and sometimes read on one's own.  If you like novels from this time period, the 1920's, this book is one you must read.  But if you are like me and prefer modern novels, let me suggest not reading it.  The plot is quite simple, a man who has finally made his fortune is attempting to win back the love of his former conquest who married to her station while he was on duty in the army.  This man will do anything to impress his boyhood love and goes as far as moving close to her and living an extravagant life with many parties in the hopes she will come to one.  She avoids him, either wittingly or unwittingly, and he is forced to seek help from her cousin, a mutual acquaintance.  He ends up getting in the middle and it is all a big mess, but you will have to read the book to find out how it ends.  Fitzgerald shows the time period very well in the materialistic and secular sense.  The plot is very well thought out and the use of foreshadowing and symbolism is very evident as one reads.  It is a good book to read if you are interested in the time period or in romances of the bizarre sort.  Unfortunately, if neither of these things catch your eye, it isn't a great book to bother with.  It is tedious and slow reading.  If you prefer more action, or perhaps more of a mystery, let me suggest a modern book.  Or if you simply like to read in plainer language with a faster flow, read something else.  If you are planning on reading this for a class, read it.  It is educational in the sense that one learns a good deal about the 1920's and symbolism from it.  But otherwise, look elsewhere."
I find that it's always nice reread or even read a classic. I find that it centers me and allows me to then read other books that may or may NOT turn into classics themselves.Crisp descriptive writing that is full of symbolism. This novel gave me a lot to think about while I was reading it and afterward. Carraway is a complex character that everything in the novel is viewed through.
"One of the great pieces of American literature, The Great Gatsby is picture into the lives of individuals living in the Northeast during the 1920s.  The story mixes romance with intrigue, but the primary theme of the story is the meaningless and empty lives of everyone involved.  Great writing by Fitzgerald - great character development and very interesting plot twists along the way."
"What else can you say about The Great Gatsby?  Of course, the remake of the movie (which I have not yet seen) along with the references to this classic in John Irving's  ""A Prayer for Owen Meany"" prompted me to read this classic again.  Enjoyed it just as much the second time as the first, but I'm sure on a different philosophical and ethical level than I did 40 some years ago."
"Wow.  What a letdown.  After all the hype, I thought this would be a fascinating read.  Instead I found the prose fuzzy and boring.  The people and the situations just didn't seem to come to life for me.  Even though the characters were shallow, the reader really doesn't get a chance to get inside their heads (which would have made them/their motives more understandable and interesting).  The writing was so unclear I had to often reread a paragraph just to make sure I 'got it'. It was drudgery to even finish such a short novel.  Even the narrator never really learns from all this; at least not in a way that he shares any epiphany with the reader.  A book such as the recent one The Paris Wife (about the first Mrs. Hemingway) much better captures the mood of the 20's."
I ordered this book so my son could have his own copy during a school study!  It worked out great for us. He has an A in english class.  This purchase was worth it so he didn't have to wait for his chance to use a classroom copy!
"wanted to read this forever.  written well, but the story was not that great and kind of sad.  it was fanciful and i fell in love with gatsby, but it ended.  and then it was over.  and that was it.  -- worth the read.  for sure."
Your suppose to read this in high school but I never did. I can understand now why I didn't. For all those people that can't sleep at night but this book it will definantly put you to sleep and make you get a good nights sleep.
Thanks
Boring
Superb
Great!
A+++++
Thanks
Good!!
"I just got this book in and it does not have the artwork shown in the picture, it actually has no artwork at all! I brought this copy specifically because it was suposed to look as it did when it was first published. I ended up paying a lot for this book because I needed to get 2 day shipping to get it here by Christmas and apparently it would not have mattered because I have to return it and it wont be in by Christmas anyways."
A classic I purchase for two granddaughter for Christmas gifts.  I read the book many years ago and I am sure just as wonderful today for this generation. The movie is due out at the holidays as well.
"The Great Gatsby is a very smooth and entertaining book. A classic of twentieth-century literature. F. Scott Fitzgerald carefully picks his words as he depicts the breathtaking and fabulously wealthy Jay Gatsby and his ventures and strong efforts to proclaim the love of the beautiful Daisy  Buchanan. A tragedy that is melancholy but funny; light but insightful; and  most of all, it's about something everyone can relate to: almost delusional  kind of love that in the end, whether rightly or wrongly, robs life of all  its purpose and vitality.  Fitzgerald very eloquently writes a  wonderful novel, that without a doubt, can be called a masterpiece. His  choice of words is very articulate and the description he includes in every  sentence is admirable. Fitzgerald helps the reader to become part of the  novel and associate with the characters; as well as be able to imagine the  story and picture it perfectly down to the very last detail. His use of  figurative language in this piece is what makes it flow and sound like  poetry.  He created somewhat fictional characters, such as Gatsby that  one can appeal to and enjoy reading about. This novel is hard to put down,  its very easy flowing and one can run through the pages like the waves  through the sea. The book is so entertaining that it's easy to miss the  fact that it's beautifully written."
Arrived on time and is very nice to look at. Also one of my favorite books to read. Thinner than I expected but that's not really a bad thing. In my opinion great buy and something anyone could enjoy
This was the best book I've ever read. It's written with such descriptive voice and paints a picture in your mind. 11 out of 10 review. I would read it again for sure. Definitely recommend to anyone
A timeless classic from a bygone era.  I really can't add anything to what others have said.  Read the book that is easily one of the great American works and one of the best novels of all time.
"So much hype over this American classic drives most people to pick up this book. To suggest it is the greatest American novel of all time says something about the judgement of reviewers or the poor quality of American literature. I suspect the former. We have this ongoing relationship between Gatsby and his neighbour, which never seems to go anywhere really. And then there is Daisy. Then death and it's over. I read it as an e-book and that may had something to do with it. Perhaps a paperback version may be assisted with engagement. I sensed that the electronic version seemed to have something missing. Actually there was a point where I thought pages were MIA as the sentences did not follow through on to the next page. By that stage I was losing patience with the book anyway."
"I bought this book because it was on the reading list for my book club.  I really did not want to read it, as I had read it years ago.  However, from the moment I picked it up it had my attention."
I read this because it was on our book club syllabus.  I enjoyed it although I read it a long time ago in high school.  We saw the movie last week and I enjoyed it but enjoyed the book more
"I read this book in high school. But I didn't fully enjoy or understand it. Now that I have reread it, it makes a whole lot mo sense. I would recommend reading this book, it is a classic."
Great
Great
great
Crear
good!
bomb.
Great
works
Great
great
"I have seen the recent movie with DiCaprio first, and I have to say it helped me a lot to understand the plot. This classical novel is great to read, and nice to imagine. Story itself is 5/5 I liked it very much and it reads very fast.The only thing is Today's Publishing annotations and illustrations (Kindle edition) These come out of nowhere, with annotations cutting into the middle of the text which I found pretty annoying. As much as I like to learn about the author, I would rather do it either in the very begging of the end of the book.Story - great.Edition - not so good."
"I am not convinced by this novel. Sure, the proficiency of the author shows, and the language he uses is, in itself, very satisfactory. The story, however, is wanting. There is not much deapth in the characters, and the story feels remote and very shallow.Although, I still think it is worth reading."
"After all, it's just a book about a boy who likes a girl and throws a lot of parties for her."
The Great Gatsby is a beautiful love story set in the 1920s America where partying to excess was the pastime of the young and beautiful. Daisy was young and beautiful as also was Gatsby who was also mysterious and wealthy and involved in shady business deals. But he was obsessed by Daisy even though she was married to another man and contrived to woo her away from him with tragic consequences.
The Great Gatsby is a classic.This book will take you back to the days of glitz and glamour and jazz.
I found the writer was not very engaging and just seemed very detached. I only got through it because I know it's a classic and needed to know the story before I watch the film. Just my opinion!
Amazing!!
Excellent
good read
good book
"Anyone remember a skit that Andy Kaufmann did on Saturday Night Live? He came out on stage holding a copy of THE GREAT GATSBY, sat down on a stool, and told the audience that he had never really understood the book when reading it in school, and proposed that he and the audience read it aloud and discuss it, so that he could understand what it was all about. Maybe that is needed here.I am not anti-kids or anti-teens. But high school students need constantly to remind themselves that they are not experienced readers, and that their opinions on books should be proffered with a necessary dose of humility--humility that they might not yet have learned to be a first rate reader.To pass a judgment on THE GREAT GATSBY like ""it isn't so great"" or ""this is a bad book"" or ""this is boring"" says absolutely nothing about the novel but a great deal about the presumptuous oaf uttering the statement.THE GREAT GATSBY--like ULYSSES, THE BROTHERS KARAMAZOV, LOLITA, MOBY DICK, MIDDLEMARCH, or Proust--provides the measure of what a great novel can achieve.  But one isn't born able to read and appreciate great books; it is a skill achieved over the course of time.My advice to all the high schoolers who want to trash this book out of revenge for having been forced to read it: wait a few years, learn to read novels, gain a little more understanding of history, grow up a little, and then go back to it. The book will have remained the same, but you will have grown up sufficiently to get the point. Hopefully."
"Honestly, a favorite from high school and not something I'll usually read (genre wise). A definite recommendation from someone who reads a lot of fantasy and vampire novels."
"Classic story of the American Dream built around a romantic quest to recapture a love lost. Exciting, deep, poetic - I read it every year. The Kindle version is well edited."
"This book was ordered for a school class. n The book shipped and arrived i n a timely fashion and was as advertised.  Of course, This is a classic of American literature."
"Despite being a ""classic"" this book was still a lot of fun to read. I loved Gatsby. I think it was my favorite book to read this summer besides Deborah Hersh is a Liar."
"This is one of my all-time favorite books. The copy I purchased had a lot of notes and highlighting, which was distracting at first, but then comical and entertaining."
"What can I say, this is ideally a classic story. However, this is not the way I read it. I found the book really a let down. No real big lavish ideas or anything else."
"I have not started to read it as yet, as it is for a school project. But I am familiar with the story, as I  read it many years ago, and I know that it's a great book."
"Whenever I think of HS, I think of my favorite book, The Great Gatsby.  Even though I was only 16, there was something about this book that left a lasting impression."
"I was all excited to receive this book, then to find out they gave me the summary version. I would not recommend buying from this supplier. And just so im clear, this is not intended to talk about Amazon, as i do love amazon, but to whoever i bought this from."
Great
great
Sad..
Good!
Great
"It's not you, it's me.Seriously. It has to be me because everyone else in the world loves this book. I think I went into it with some major expectations and they weren't met."
"A person either loves or hates this book. I appreciated it enough and mainly read it because it's ""a classic"" but I'd still hope that people are open minded enough to read this."
"I found this book to be a true classic. It had everything love, loss, and it shows that even the rich can't buy love. Sometimes the happiest man is the one who is in the middle class."
"This book can't be shoved into a 1-10 rating.  Goes beyond that.  Simple the best American novel ever written.  Achingly beautiful.  Best ""last page"" ever written, bar none."
"There is a lot of advertising about the book and the new film.  Unfortunately, the book did not impress me all that much.  The content flows well, but , to me, was not that exciting."
"I wrote a book report on F Scott Fitzgerald's Great Gatsby in high school and concluded it was just a dime store romance novel.  My English teacher, of course, objected and gave me a lecture on what a great classic the novel was.  Nevertheless, and to his credit, I received an A on the report for my analysis and effort.  30 some years later, my view that The Great Gatsby is a trashy novel gets even stronger.  Philosophically shallow, socially disoriented,the story centers around caricatures which seem to have jumped out of a collections of melodramatic soap operas.F Scott Fitzgerald really belonged to Hollywood. If he were younger, or had lived longer, he would have turned out some episodes for Dallas and Knots Landing.  Many people might be disappointed, but Fitzgerald was no James Joyce or Henry James - not even in the league of Hemingway."
"This was a reread since I read it many years ago.  Very easy reading, and hard to put it down.  Just as the last time I read it, I don't like the ending, but I knew that would not change from the last time I read it."
"This was another college book I purchased, 5 stars again! This book arrived in 2 days and the book was in great condition, brand new.  The price was very reasonable.  I'm always satisfied with my Amazon purchases!"
"This book is pure poetry in prose. The writing is is at times overwhelmingly beautiful. Along with Plato's Republic, Nietzsche's Thus Spoke Zarathustra, and Orwell's 1984, this book is in the first rank of  books."
I have tried to read this book on numerous occasions and I CANNOT get through it!  I'm not sure why that is.  I know it's a classic of sorts - but it just doesn't hold my attention.  Looking forward to the movie!
"I had to re read this since its been 10 year since read this in high school. One of my favorite books ever, it changes you once you dive in. It will devowere you, let it. You'll be happy it did once your done."
It goes very much like the film with Mia Farrow and Robert Redford.  I liked the description of the decadent new rich people in the States.  I would have liked to know more about the character¨s psichology.
"Expected more. Interesting. But not so Great. Plot simple. Characters better, but not worth the read. (I am a published author of two books and many magazine articles, and over 240 internet movie reviews)."
"I decided to read the book for book club since the movie was coming out. I found it hard to follow. I wasn't sure what was going on or who they were talking about sometimes. Overall, it was an okay book."
"There is some of the BEST writing that I've ever come across in this classic American novel.  It isn't an inspiring story by any means, but it is well written and illuminating.  You simply must read it."
I read Fitzgerald's book 50 years ago. It seemed unreal then!The 'modernized' version is too slow and contrived. Too many 'beautiful' people!
I just started reading the book and it seems to be a really good novel. I hate the fact that I didn't get to read it LONG before there was a movie.
"Quick read, encompasses some of the characteristics that define the American Dream. Good character development, but not enough plot development."
"I read this book again because it was a book club selection. I don't think it is the classic that some feel it is, but it is always fun to read."
Received within time frame but much slower than most. Purchased for my son who needed it for school. Almost had to buy another but it made it.
Haven't read this book since High School  - didn't want to pay a lot for a copy.  This copy came on time and in good shape.Thanks!
"An interesting story with twists, turns and intrigue. Stellar character development. A book for all time. An iconic book for all generations"
"Received this book quickly.  This is one of my son's favorite books, so I bought it for him.  He was thrilled.  I will probably read it too."
"The dialog is much to sophisticated .... it would be much easier to read in more simple language!He is a much loved writer, I guess."
I bought this book because it is a classic I understand.  I have to install my wireless router before I can get it onto my Kindle though.
"An interesting story, how a ""nobody""  makes a fortune, entertains lavishly yet is surprisingly lonely and dies quietly and is quickly forgotten."
I didn't like it
The Great Gatby is the finest novel I've ever read.  Fitzgerald's sculpting of the work is meticulously artful.  This book is a sheer pleasure to read.
"I had always heard of THE GREAT GATSBY, saw the movie and thought the book was much better. The movie showed elegance, but the book was more detailed."
Could not stop reading this book. Totally amazing. Wonderful for all generations. A must read. Completely beautiful story telling. I highly recommend.
good
Good
good
Good
Okay
A must read before seeing the movie. Helps to appreciate the movie more and how Baz Luhrmann transfers the descriptions of FSF to images.
"The book shipped on time, and it was in perfect shape when I got it. It was also less than 50% cheaper than local bookstores. Great book!"
"From an inspirational story of winner takes all before, this can be interpreted in the sense of the self-destruction of the individual."
From old school really enjoyed old version better. Sometimes you can't remake a classic film. Probably new watchers differ in opinion .
"Mediocre story, slightly better than the movie.  Not very moving, not inspiring at all...why is this a classic?!?!  I don't get it!!"
The book arrived in a timely manner.  It was a brand new book.  The last used book of the same title I ordered was missing 20 pages.
"I'm very satisfied with this, i had to order it for school and it came WAY before i expected, it was unscathed, clean, almost new."
Fitzgerald's writing is completely timeless and breathtaking. He connects the reader on so many levels. Amazing book! A must read.
SEE ABOVE. THE MOVIE WAS OVER PRODUCED AND DIRECTED. THE BOOK WAS AN EASY READ AND LET THE WORDS DO BETTER WHAT THE MOVIE OVERDID.
"nice, thanks. will deal with him again.nice, thanks. will deal with him again.nice, thanks. will deal with him again."
Good
Good
good
Fine
GOOD
GOOD
good
Good
nice
"Classic. Fish out of water, deadly love triangles and ecclectic lifestyles.  The story of one who couldn't let go and the isolation it brought him."
Can't wait to see the upcoming movie. I hope it does the book justice. But I know that may be wishful thinking these days.
It was in good condition and very recommended for school purposes. Got it for my ninth grade daughter. Highly recommended
"What is there to say?  ""The Great Gatsby"" is, of course, one of the Great American Novels.  My comments assume the reader is familiar with the book; if you don't want to know how it turns out, etc., don't read any further...I read it with my son; this year's High School English theme - aside from the trite ""tolerance"" theme that has plagued English Lit courses for years now - is apparantly ""obsessive love,"" because the previous title he was assigned was ""Snow Falling on Cedars.""  In that work, a character named Ishmael spends years obsessing over a lost love, as Jay Gatsby does over Daisy.  Well, my review of that book points out that the object of Ishmael's love, Hatsue, was no great prize... but let me tell you, Hatsue is a Living Saint compared to Daisy!Talk about a cold, unfeeling bitch: Daisy uses Gatsby for the sole purpose of making her unfaithful husband Tom jealous.  She knows the full measure of Gatsby's obsessive love for her, but doesn't even bother to drop him a line after deciding to stay with Tom after all (despite having announced just the opposite a few hours earlier to everyone!).  Hell, she doesn't even go to Gatsby's funeral mere days later.The circumstances of that decision - Daisy accidentally runs over Tom's mistress (I had to laugh out loud at that - figures that of all the people in the world she could hit, it would be the mistress!) while in a car alone with Gatsby - and its aftermath underscore just what a really despicable person she was.  Nick Carraway (the narrator) catches a glimpse of Tom and Daisy together the evening of the accident, when Gatsby is waiting outside their house to make sure Tom isn't abusive to Daisy after her announcement that she would leave him.  And what does Nick see?  Why, Tom and Daisy are apparantly ""not happy, but not unhappy.""  Well, EXCUSE ME?  Not unhappy??  Daisy just killed somebody... somebody that just happens to be Tom's lover... and, Daisy a mere few hours earlier told Tom she was leaving him for Gatby.  But they've NOT ""unhappy?!!""What a couple of cynical, unfeeling, uncaring, cold blooded creeps.  And the mistress is not the only person they kill: as it so happens, the mistress's husband wants revenge, and Tom sics him on Gatsby (omitting the small point that it was Daisy that was driving).  The book doesn't say so explicitly, but I have to wonder if Daisy wasn't aware that Tom had just sent the husband after Gatsby... and doesn't even bother to warn him - just like she doesn't even bother to show up for his funeral after said husband shoots him dead.  Truly, a mind numbing, nauseating omission on her part.Truly, Gatsby spent that night ""watching over nothing,"" as Nick puts it.(Nick narrates that when he watched them, it appeared as though they were ""conspiring.""  About what?  Putting blame for the accident on Gatsby?  Sending the widowed husband his way?  After the glimpse into the the sort of people they are, one wonders...)Nick is quite right when he narrates that Daisy and Tom were careless people that hurt others and then retreated ""into their wealth"" or ""whatever it was that kept them together.""  What a couple of miserable losers, even if they were rich.Oh, and let me add... one of the other reviewers stated that the book ""shows signs of Fitzgerald's racism.""I have no idea what this reviewer means by that. In point of fact, Fitzgerald takes pains to create anti-stereotypes: A Jewish gangster - and indeed, there were WERE Jewish gangsters during the Prohibition Era - turns out to be one of the few decent people in the book. Rich black people chauffered by a white driver - what an image, for the 1920's! - make an appearance in New York City. Tom Buchanan, rich scion of a WASP patrician family turns out to be brutal, boorish, dishonest... and a racist fretting over too many non-white people.  The narrator even specifically calls his racial ideas ""stale.""Sorry, calling Fitzgerald racist is slanderous.This is a great book, astonishingly well written and plotted.  If anyone has ever mourned a ""lost love,"" I think the character of Daisy is a great remedy: ""There, but for the Grace of God"" and all that come to mind."
"OK - so it's a ""classic"" book.  Great story, wonderfully rich prose and fantastic imagery.  You might even say it was an allegory of its time.  And you might even call it The Great American Novel.  It even has a tragic ending.My only real beef with this book is with the characters.First off, what is up with the lame protagonist Jay Gatsby?  Is he for real?  What a plonker.  He is every bit as wet as Darcy in Pride and Prejudice and Heathcliffe in Wuthering Heights.  I thought those kind of wimps only existed in ye olde English literature but here is another one of these love-sick fools turning up in American literature.What this genre of classic literature needs is a hero who really knows how to sweep a girl off her feet.  A man who races motorcycles at dangerously high speeds, knows kung-fu, has a bad attitude, no patience and can find all the cool late night bars.  If he has Style and Nice Teeth then so much the better.  Now that's a proper hero.  What we don't need is another clown who doesn't know how to chat up girls and doesn't have the balls to go after what he wants.  Gatsby's problem is that he's a wimp and he doesn't know how to have fun.And what about the other characters?Nick Carraway: what is up with him?  He just seems to drift hopelessly through life observing all around him without actually having any sort of impact on the world.Jordan Baker:  a hot chick to be sure, but also stuck up and prone to telling porky pies.Daisy Buchannan:  uninspiring, boring and wishy-washy  No real hero would waste his time with her.Great read but a shame I couldn't identify with any of the characters.  In fact I didn't really care a damn for any of them.  And it certainly didn't make me want to live that version of the American Dream."
"This novel is useful to those teenagers who wish to seek the American dream of becoming successful and make a great deal of money. Reading The Great Gatsby gave me a look into what the High Society of the early 1920's was like. To many, this era was not really that important because World War 1 had ended years before and the world was just trying to get back on its feet. I thought this time to be dark and mysterious.  F. Scott Fitzgerald's portrayal of a young businessman from the Mid- West, living in one of the many posh neighborhoods along the coast of Long Island, was brilliant.  The main character, Nick Carraway, who is also the narrator, brings a sarcastic, yet genuine truth to the secret life of the rich and powerful. After waiting for a while, Nick finally meets the man named Gatsby.  Despite all the rumors about the way he acquired his money and all the illegal actions that he might have taken part in, they become very good friends.  The storyline continues and blossoms into a few love triangles, adultery, and murder.  Reading this book will be an advantage to those students in high school who wish to do well and succeed in life.  Some say that this Fitzgerald's novels should not be required reading for high school students.  However, I believe that reading them can be life altering.  The Great Gatsby allows you to take a glimpse into the lives of the rich and powerful.  Within the walls of this aristocratic society there is great despair as well as great success. Fitzgerald is trying to send the message to those young enough to realize that money and power are not everything.  Also, when power is obtained, work hard to keep it and do not let other things distract you.  This novel is exceptional and should definitely be used in the classroom."
"Took a little longer than expected, but book was in good shape (daughter needed it for a book report) and had no issues."
i bought it new. but i could have just checked out the book at the library while i needed it instead of paying for it :(
his is a great item. thatnks.. The book and the print was a litte smaller than i had expected. Thanks so much for this.
I thought it was a sad book that was long in places. Sad how gatsby died even though he tried to do right all the time.
"The Great Gatsby is one of the top classic novels of all time. It is fairly familiar to most people and instantly recognizable when its title is said. F. Scott Fitzgerald, the author of The Great Gatsby, was very detailed in his writings and used a lot of imagery and emotion in this novel. It takes place in the early 1920's in the heart of New York. Near Long Island, Nick Carraway (the main character) rents a house here and lives for the summer of 1922. In his time of living here, he has heard about the wealthiest, most popular, and most luxurious man in all of Long Island, Jay Gatsby. This man is known for his lavish parties, extreme amount of money, and a bad past. Come to find out, these two are connected in some way from their past, and will be reunited through different meetings. Jay turns out to be Nick's next-door neighbor, and through a series of events, both bond strongly.This all sounds like a good plot, and a good read for anyone, including high school students (like myself) on up. This however is not necessarily the case. Although I am in an AP English class that is more of a college level class, I found this book to be hard at times to get through. There is too much that goes on that strays away from the main plot and main point of the story. I just simply found this book to be boring. It is not a book that young adults should read. It is very drawn out, long, and detailed. It uses very sophisticated language and is written with very much detail. The only reason I found this book difficult to read was possibly because I had to keep myself from nodding off. Respectfully, yes it is a classic and should be read, but maybe for college students or adults instead of teenagers."
Good read
Good read
good read
Excellent
Good Item
good book
I like it
A Classic
A classic
Classic!!
Great Book!  I had to read for a class but glad I did.  I watched the old movie too because I am a visual person so it helped me understand the times back then.
"The book was used, but it was in great conditions. It only had a name on the outside, & it had minor signs of wear. Overall, very satisfied with this purchase."
"THE GREAT GATSBY by F. Scott Fitzgerald is considered one of the best novels of the 20th century, primarily because it is. If you haven't read it, read it."
"Gatsby dies, mertle gets hit by a car, Klipspringer is ugly, Tom is a pussy, Daisy runs off with Tom in the end, no one attends gatsby's funeral except nick"
My son loved the new version of the Great Gatsby movie which prompted me to re-read this classic.  Smooth transaction - no problems - would purchase again.
This was a Christmas gift for my son.  He requested three books and I was able to get him all three.  Now he has all of them permanently in his collection.
Ernest Hemingway wrote of writing one true sentence. I believe I have found it: The Great Gatsby is the greatest work of fiction in the history of mankind.
"This book is so small! And the fonts are tiny, strain my eyes, impossible to read. I have to return it."
"This novel started out very slow and elongated a plot that beomes tedious to read. The pace picks up toward the middle and devolops a decent ending. I felt Fitzgerald could have been more manifest in the book's overall meaning and sumed up the general meaning in fewer words. This book is not all it's hyped up to be yet a decent novel. I might have enjoyed the book a little more if it hadn't been put up on such a high pedestal. If you decide to read this novel, dont go into it with high expectations. However the author does do a good job of tying the book up together in an organized fashion."
"Being a classic, I thought that this book was going to be boring but it was actually very interesting. The beginning is slow but the ending is fantastic."
"I thought that this book was well written but was kind of slow pace. Also, there is not much excitement until the end."
"Clearly this is a classic, nothing I could say would add or detract from it's value which is already well established."
History is repeating it's self with the greed and self indulgence of the 20's. Reread it before seeing the new movie.
I loved the book when I had to read it years ago - I loved the original movie and I loved re reading it this time.
"My son needed this specific book for school, he wasn't to wired to read it, but once he did he actually like it!!"
This is the greatest book I've ever read.  Fitzgerald's figurative words and poetic feel completey captivated me.
It was  a good book read it before the movie came out. It's so dumb I have to review the book before continuing.
"it is a very new book, and very small, good for carring to outside, to school. just the words a liitle bit small"
"I don't know what I expected, but this book about rich people doing nasty things.  The storyteller was so naive!"
An interesting story about a love affair.  Will be recommending it to read before seeing the new movie with Leo.
"Love, love, love this book! Hadn't read it in years-and it was just as good as I remembered! What a classic!"
Its a classic because it is so well written.  A great read whether you have seen the movie versions or not.
"I bought the book knowing it was not a brand new book, but it was more used than I expected the book to be."
"I can not rate this book, as I got it as a gift for my granddaughter and I do not know how she likes it..."
the book was great just as described actually better then expected for a great price glad I found the deal
MY GF LOVED IT...  GO WATCH THE LEO MOVIE by BAZ.  I'll give this book and movie a 10 stars if possible!!!
"The book is a little pocket edition, not a full size book with the original art on the cover as I thought."
Cromulus recommends this book highly.  You must read this book.  Reading this book pleases Cromulus.  You will anger Cromulus if you do not read this book.
"I get a bunch of compliments on this! It is a great product! Will definitely get again, and again! Thanks"
it was hard for me at the beginning but as I got closer to the end it was more interesting and enjoyable
"In the early 1900's there were two kinds of people, the rich and the poor. It was the period of time which was known as the Gilded Age.  The Gilded Age could be used as a comparison to  a gilded vase. Things during this  time looked nice and perfect on the outside, while on the inside, things  were rotting, diminishing, and disintegrating.  The poor were becoming  poorer, while the rich were becoming richer.  The lives of the rich were  perfect, for they had nothing to worry about. It was a time of fun , games,  amusement, parties and women.  However all was not as good as it appeared  to be.  This time was filled with deceitful men and women; it was  the  time of prohibition, where the so-called drug stores sold about every kind  of liquor; it was a time when bribes ruled the way things were run; it was  a time when the World Series was fixed, and the profiteer was not found.  F. Scott Fitgerald's novel The Great Gatsby was written to show the lives  of society of both the newly rich, and the ones who inherited the wealth,  the ones that were born rich and stayed that way.  To show their inside  lives, and to depict the morality of these people, the author has used to  depict the themes of Gold Imagery of moral corruption, misplaced idealism,  and waste of potential in the lives of the fictional characters."
I think might be the best book ever written.  That is all I can say.  A monumental achievement.
The corners of my book's spine were roughed up a bit but other than that it was a great buy.
"I really loved The Great Gatsby, becuase it was written very well, and had a wonderful plot."
It was an ok book not my favorite but I recommend it for older people. It was ok... I guess
"In the beginning of the story,Nick Carraway is introduced. He has moved from the Midwest to New York to get rich becoming  a stockbroker.This is  talking about beauty and trust. I would recommend this book to a friend who  enjoys soap opera- like drama. This story contains affairs and murders that  are  common in soap opera shows.  ."
"I thought that the book was very interesting. It was about the only book that I was able to read and like in English class. I thought that the ending was unexpecting, and I loved it for that . I love surprises. I  really recommend this book to those of you that are thinking of reading it.  I really liked it. I hope you will too."
"This book is a classic, not really the type of book I like to read but was pretty good. -"
"""The Great Gatsby"" might be one of the best books of our time, it's a must-re"
"This is the cheapest version of any book I've ever seen! I wondered if I had received the wrong book when I saw how THIN this paperback is. Well, here's how they did it: The print is so small as to be unreadable, in addition to the ink's being so light that it is grey instead of black. The pages are not even numbered! The paper is of lowest quality. Overall it's an embarrassment of poor quality. Mr. Fitzgerald would not approve and neither do I."
I remember enjoying it more in high school than this time ... Can't wait to see Leo in it this Christmas though!
This book was in great used condition and was everything it was described as. Exactly what i expected it to be.
Havent read the whole thing yet but it seems to be a great read. full of the extremitites.  enjoying it so far.
"Be the first to review this product, my feeling is very good, also, I want to buy another book on kindle store."
"Whilst I was not all that excited about the story, I was most impressed with the style of writing by Fitzgerald"
Average  very confusing atparts of the story.But I felt the colors in the short symbolized a lot. Ok book
n/a
"I realize that the book is a classic, and it is an enjoyable read, but it silly gets three stars on my scale."
Hi! This book was in awesome condition!! The price was affordable and it was new!!  Great way to save money!!
Remains a classic.  I liked it better this time than the first two times I read it.  It gets better with age
perect
Thanks
Thanks
great!
GREAT!
Great!
Thanks
"F. Scott Fitzgerald has written a classical portrait of life in the 1920's in America.  Nick Carraway narrates this tale from the sidlines more as a spectator rather than as a participant.  Jay Gatsby, the main character in this engrossing tale of life among the party set of what has become known as the roaring twenties, is a somewhat vague shadow of a character especially when compared with the other richly portrayed personalities.  Perhaps it a virtue of the book that Gatsby remain a mystery man to the reader.  ""Old sport"" is a phrase overused ad nauseum and gives Gatsby a grating personal quirk that was off-putting to this reader.  Perhaps this was intentional on the part of Fitzgerald to keep Gatsby from being a more sympathetic rather than tragic figure.  This novel has become a standard literature  piece in the college-level curriculum as it lends itself to many insights to the human condition."
"I didn't find this book to be as great as everyone says. I was reading each night before falling asleep, though, and likely wasn't awake enough to fully comprehend everything. I'll probably read it again in a few years."
"ONE OF THE MOST AMAZING BOOKS I'VE EVER READ, I ABSOLUTELY LOVED IT, SHOWS HOW THE OPULENCE CAN NEVER FILL THE EMPTINESS OF THE SOUL, AND THAT MOST OF THE TIMES WHAT THE HEART REALLY WANTS IS NOTHING THAT YOU CAN BUY."
OK
A+
"Book was in great condition, and this book is a must read for everyone."
Don't know what all the hoohah is about.  Not up to my expectations.
"This is one of the better theme portrayals I have ever read. FSF states, with a singlemindedness, that in the 1920's, the American dream was corrupted by business, industry, misconceptions, and not living in the present. Also, the narration mirrors that of ""The Catcher in the Rye"" because both narrators are full of contradictory ideas. The first line of Gatsby reads as follows: "" In my younger and more vulnerable years, my father gave me some advice that I have been turing over in my head ever since."" Shortly after the narrator follows by saying that his father helped him to realize that he should reserve all judgements. But throughout the novel he is constantly judging every single person, and is ambivalent to every single person.In summation, The Great Gatsby is a good book, but is overhyped and does not have that great of a plot."
"Wouldn't read Fitzgerald after the obligatory HS Gatsby tour.  Boring high school  teachers of course praise a ""cautionary tale"" that warns about the ""American Dream"" as if there was a mass disorder everyone who isn't as aware as they are is suffering from.Then, I read the short stories collected in Flappers and Philosophers and a couple of novels, This Side of Paradise, The Beautiful and Damned.  Turns out, Fitzgerald had a powerful and complex imagination.  I tried to re-read Gatsby to see if my opinion had changed.It didn't.  Leave Gatsby to those who think Catcher In The Rye is a passable book.  Yes, I think Catcher is insufferable.Fitzgerald can really write, so 2, maybe 3 stars.  I highly recommend Flappers and Philosophers,  This Side of Paradise and The Beautiful and Damned."
Love it!  Read it every summer.  It' s life in those days!
- A a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a s the the king one
I think this story was confusing and hard to read. Parts of it flowed well but most of it was kind of a jumbled mess. The plotline was everywhere. I still don't really know what happened. Kind of confused
"The book came in good condition, but the cover was not the cover that was advertised on the posting. This only mattered because I was basing on my decision on a certain cover that I had wanted."
S'alright. I like the plot overview and the many gist but the story doesn't entice me.
Products quality was great for being a used book although the book itself was boring.
"I never read this book in school but it is on my classics list so i read it.  Often times with the ""Must reads"" I am disappointed but this was not the case here.  I am glad I read it.  Interesting story, quite possibly the best character development ever written and certainly worth the effort."
Great seller.  Book was in excellent condition.  Oldie but goodie book to read.
"Best novel ever written. Should be read annually. Hyperbole, not at all..."
F. Scott Fitzgerald remains one of the great over rated American authors.
"The Great Gatsby is a wonderful book, I dont see the need for highschool students to be reading this. Personally, I dont believe that they have the mind for it. He or she is not mature enough to understand the value of this book. They dont see the agony Gatsby goes through. The lust he has for Daisy and wanting her more than every material object on this earth. He puts this girl in his mind and he cant get her out. EVen though he is well aware she is with another guy, that she may or may not truely love. Either way he wants her but cant get her and he feels his life is not complete without her. So many adults do that today, teens dont understand, their idea of ""love"" is spelt with l-u-v. They just dont get it. If you are in highschool, your gonna hate it, read it when you have grown up. And if you are a teacher dont force these kids to read this, it will be worthless and they will probably never pick it up again dont ruin this for them!"
ok
😀
Ok
"I don't think ""The Great Gatsby"" is a perfect novel, but it is better than most I have read.  I enjoyed the story (in as much as a story of this kind can be enjoyed).  Reccomended."
Boring...never finished it.  COuld never get into it.
"The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald is a piece of Americana. I read this book in high school, of course this book was assigned to us and boy did I love this little tale of murder and love in the Roaring '20s. Gatsby and Daisy's secret passion for each other kept this book a page turner, it's intriguing and i love the twist ending, if you don't like this book then there is something desperately wrong with you. One of the best books I've read, the first is The Catcher in the Rye. I hope teens are still reading this in high schools today. Classic, great style of writing from Fitzgerald, flows well and easy to read. Buy The Great Gatsby today!"
Paperback book was on time and pages l poked great.
"I first read The Great Gatsby when I was in college, for a 20th Century American Fiction class with Dr. Karen Johnson at Indiana University at Indianapolis.  I think, due to my procrastination, I had to do so just a few days before a paper on some aspect of it was due.  Can't remember what the topic was, but I know I turned it in late and Dr. Johnson was not pleased.  I got a ""C,"" I think. Now, 25 years later, I read it again at the suggestion of Robert Girardi, author of several books and a collection of short stories (""A Vaudeville of Devils,"" which I liked very much - a shameless plug).Wow.  Did I even read this book then?  I must have done so quickly and without much attention because it was a very good novel.  A bit slow at the beginning, but as I learned about the characters and their connections to one another, I had to keep reading to see how it would all end.  Tragically, by the way.  And you see it coming, though I wasn't expecting to end as tragically as it did.  Don't read further if you don't want to know what happens...So many people lying, living in a dream world: Gatsby, holding on to a past love/infatuation, believing he can re-create it years later, with a new name, a false front and all the trappings of a cultured, wealthy young man (actually gained through criminal activity);  Daisy, aware of her husband's affair with someone, yet not confronting him, and engaging in an affair of her own with Gatsby that is really doomed from the start; Myrtle, who thinks Tom loves her more than his wife, but that illusion is ""crushed"" along with her nose; the guests of Gatsby, attending his parties only to get drunk and have some fun, most not knowing their host and not caring if they don't, parties only held so Gatsby can see Daisy again.  And then there's Nick Carraway, the narrator, a self-described ""honest man"" who fails to confront these illusions with the truth.  He doesn't tell his cousin Daisy about the details of her husband Tom's affair.  Shouldn't he have, out of love for her?  And he never really confronts Gatsby about his fantasy about re-connecting with Daisy, the long-lost love of his youth.  Couldn't he have ""talked some sense into him,"" again, if he really cared about Gatsby?  And when they all have it out at the hotel in NYC, why doesn't Nick call Tom on the carpet about his second life with Myrtle, as Tom is attacking Gatsby for his affair with Daisy?  Finally, Nick could have told Wilson the truth about Myrtle and Tom after the accident, so Wilson's rage and desire for revenge would have not been misplaced.  He could also have told the police that it was Daisy, not Gatsby, who was driving the car, and that it was Tom that was having an affair with Wilson's wife.  Tom and Daisy make off like bandits, though not without scars, the illusion of their marriage apparently safe and sound; Myrtle and Wilson and Gatsby all experience the ultimate fantasy killer, death.  Even Gatsby's dad is allowed to believe that he had a good boy, a smart boy, a successful boy.  And Nick doesn't shatter his illusion.  Out of compassion?  Fear?  Indifference?  Speak up Nick; have some courage.  You're ""one of the most honest people you know.""  So tell the truth to the people around you and maybe you can help them face reality and have better, honest lives, even if the price is the death of their fantasies and pretense. Your silence helped kill these people, in a way.My two cents.  Dr. Johnson, are you out there?  I read it for real this time. What do you think?  The makings of a decent paper?Mike Haigerty"
"When I first start reading chapter one and two I wanted to give up reading the book because I couldn't understand what the author was talking about. When he said ""Whenever you feel like criticizing any one,"" he told me, ""just remember that all the people in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had"" and ""In consequence, I'm inclined to reserve all judgments, a habit that has opened up many curious natures to me and also made me the victim of not a few veteran bores."" I didn't understand it until later. It means that it's not wise to judge people by the looks because sometimes you might misunderstand that person and create some problems. However, I think the story was mainly about how wealth, popularity, love, loss, betrayal and emptiness. The whole story is kind of depressing because two of the characters die. Everyone's life is depended on money but nothing else. People tend to care about money than the social problems between groups of people. There is a social problem that caused through many years. People divide themselves in to three groups, high class, mid class and low class. If you're not very wealthy, people would just ignore you but when your fairly rich people would remember your name. If your like some millinery person than you become famous. Someone of the chapters' mood changes by the weather. For example, when Nick invites Daisy to his house and have cup of tea, Gatsby feels all nervous which then the weather changes to cloudy and rainy but when Gatsby was satisfied the weather becomes sunny. Even though it's depressing I would recommend other people to read it, which that is who haven't read this book yet. How the author describes things are great, you can feel what the author is going through. It feels like you were there in the past. When I first start reading chapter one and two I wanted to give up reading the book because I couldn't understand what the author was talking about. When he said ""Whenever you feel like criticizing any one,"" he told me, ""just remember that all the people in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had"" and ""In consequence, I'm inclined to reserve all judgments, a habit that has opened up many curious natures to me and also made me the victim of not a few veteran bores."" I didn't understand it until later. It means that it's not wise to judge people by the looks because sometimes you might misunderstand that person and create some problems. All the characters live in wealth and having relationship problems with each other. For example Daisy and Gatsby. Gatsby is madly in love with Daisy and want have a life together but Daisy is already married. But the story ends tragically.However, I think the story was mainly about how wealth, popularity, love, loss, betrayal and emptiness. The whole story is kind of depressing and exciting as you read along. Everyone's life is depended on money but nothing else. People tend to care about money than the social problems between groups of people. There is a social problem that caused through many years. People divide themselves in to three groups, high class, mid class and low class. If you're not very wealthy, people would just ignore you but when your fairly rich people would remember your name. If your like some millinery person than you become famous. Someone of the chapters' mood changes by the weather. For example, when Nick invites Daisy to his house and have cup of tea, Gatsby feels all nervous which then the weather changes to cloudy and rainy but when Gatsby was satisfied the weather becomes sunny.Even though it's depressing I would recommend other people to read it, which that is who haven't read this book yet. How the author describes things are great, you can feel what the author is going through. It feels like you were there in the past."
"The book first starts off with Nick telling the readers that he is not a judgmental person. As he goes on he describes the type of environment he is in. How the East Egg and West Egg differ, yet they both share the same sort of problems. The East Egg is full of the aristocratic, while the West Egg is known as the area for the ""new rich"". He is assosciated with Daisy (his cousin), Tom (Daisy's wife), and Jordan (Daisy's friend) who all reside on the East Egg. All of them live in a world where they are surrounded by wealth, and in other people's eyes ""problem free"". Nick lives in the West Egg and lives beside a mysterious man, only known as Gatsby. Gatsby is everything that Nick scorns, but disregards that comment because he isn't a person that judges people. As the story moves on we Nick and Gatsby becomes friends. Gatsby tries to win back his past love, but finds that difficult for she already is married. Many surprising events happen, and it all ends tragically.  Overall, the book is full of adventure. When you first read it, you feel as though this book has no point, and you want to find out who Gatsy is. Luckily as the story moves on, NIck and Gatsby develop a close friendship, and we actually get to see who this man is -- behind all those lavish parties and life a luxury. The story unfolds and you actually see that these wealthy people actually have a big load of problems, and that they are not as they seem. The way the author choose his words, make you think about a deeper meaning that goes beyond in the book. I think this is one reason why the book is so interesting, because it is just full of surprises. The Great Gatsby is one of those classic books in American literature that you have to read. I definitely recommend other people to take the time to sit down and read this book."
"The disintegration of an American dream; a rekindled, undying love, held together by the empty pursuit for pleasure. The Great Gatsby is a book about a love remade between Jay Gatsby, an extremely wealthy man who was known for throwing lavish parties, and Daisy Buchanan's, a woman who is charmed by a mans wealth. The two meet through Nick Carraway, (Daisy's cousin) a young, educated man who moves to New York to further his knowledge in the bond business. It begins with Nick meeting Jay at one of his parties where he doesn't feel that he really fits in.  Here he learns that the locals pride themselves on material possessions more so than that of more noble goals.As the story grows you learn more about Daisy's husband, Tom, who has a side relation with Myrtle Wilson of which Daisy knows about.  Although Tom is just as guilty, with his gain in knowledge of his wife's affair, he becomes more and more jealous of the relation between Daisy and Gatsby which is growing more intense as time goes by.  With the progressing tension building, things take a twist to end the book with an exciting, unexpected ending.This work by F. Scott Fitzgerald is a remarkable display of the way society was folding in the 1920's. The way people were falling into a trap where moral values were deteriorating, greed was taking over, and the reckless lifestyle of parties displayed most of the times ideas of wealth. The unrealistic ideas of money could have been related to the rise in the stock market after the war which led to a newfound materialism. This allowed people of any social status to become wealthy.  The difference between the East and West egg in the book demonstrated this idea of ""new and old money"".The symbolism in the book can become baffling at some point making it an unpleasureable read.  In order to understand the whole concept that Fitzgerald is trying to convey, you need to recognize and understand the meanings behind what he is actually saying.  Although this was a good book, this aspect of it threw me off a little bit and created a confusing read. If you enjoy reading about a meant to be romance and the confusion that comes with realizing that to late, then this is defiantly a book I would recommend for you."
"The book started out as a bore.  It was just a bunch of older people sleeping around.  It was a love septagon.  Nick, the main character, just moved into west egg island near New York.  He makes friends with the couple next door named Tom and Daisy Buchanon.  They are good people but dishonest toward each other.  Tom has a mistress named Myrtle and Daisy is still in love with another person.  The whole community gossips about one man named Gatsby, who lives across from nick.  One day, Gatsby invites the neighborhood to a lavish party where Nick accidentally meets Gatsby.  Nick and Jay Gatsby become good friends and Jay tells nick that he is still inlove with Daisy Buchanon because they were lovers five years ago.  Gatsby pleads with Nick to make them meet up again and Nick agrees.  Nick sets up tea for Daisy and asks her to come over.  She comes and finds Gatsby has come as well, and they fall back in love.  So now, Tom has Myrtle, Daisy has Gatsby, and Nick has Jordan (another neighbor).  And it all begins to fall apart.  Daisy secretly knows about Myrtle and Tom accidentally finds out about Gatsby.  Tom angrily tells them all to come with him to New York.  So they all go to his secret affair apartment to talk.  On the way back, Myrtle is running from her husband because he has locked her up in her room.  As Myrtle crosses the road, she is hit by Daisy and killed.  Myrtle's husband is infuriated by this and he vows to kill the person who did this to her.  He eventually gets to West egg and asks Tom Buchanon where the killer is.  Tom points to Gatsby's house and Myrtle's husband shoots Gatsby and then himself.  Daisy, back with Tom, moves away with him, and Nick is left alone in the neighborhood.  He decides to move back to his home town.  On his last day he goes to Jordan's house and finds out that she is engaged now and they can't be together.  In the end, I was satisfied with it but it wasn't the best.  If you like books like To kill a Mockingbird, than you will like this one."
"James Gatz tried, like Franklin, to improve himself, and succeeded, but he was not required to build America. Instead, he became the Great Gatsby, moving like a Homeric Gyad among the party-goers of East and West Egg. His money came from a dubious ""gonnegtion"" with the wolf (Meyer Wolfsheim, rather than Lanski), to whom he had presented himself in his uniform, covered with medals, because he lacked the cash to buy clothes.Like many an able lad of plain background (North Dakota) Jay encounters the leisured class, particularly the beautiful and popular Daisy (she loves me, she loves me not). Supposed to wait while he went to war (that one again), she marries into Buchanan money and has a daughter. Jay comes back to hover around the green light at the end of her dock and build a life ""founded securely on a fairy's wing.""We are treated to a catalog of party-goers parallel to the catalog of ships in the Iliad. The denizens of the two Eggs are more fragile than heroic. Jay makes his move for Daisy, who nods back and forth between him and her husband, Tom. The significance of the daughter seems to escape Jay totally (what's it all about, Jay?).Finally, one horribly hot evening, Daisy, driving Jay's car beside Jay, runs down and kills her rival for Tom's affections, Myrtle Wilson. Tom, driving in a subsequent car, tells Wilson, Myrtle's husband, whose car it was. Wilson shoots Jay. Tom never finds out the truth, and Nick Carraway, the narrator of the story, walks away from the entire irresponsible crowd.This writing is a fictional story from the mind of the great F. Scott Fitzgerald and is not a document of American society. Perhaps people like his characters have existed, but America is bigger than he. If the shoe doosn't fit, don't wear it!"
"The Great Gatsby is one of thse books that seem so confusing in the beginning, but once you get the hang of it, you learn to enjoy, and eventually, love.  Almost everything that happens in the book is completely ironic because in the end, everything is just the opposite of what the author leads you to expect. Even the way the story is written is ironic because although the author uses all kinds of deep and meaningful descriptions about everything, the things he is writing about are the extreme shallowness and pretentiousness of  the people who live in that time. In a way, the story is a satire through and through.  The whole story is a whirlwind of emotions and it practically turns everything from the mood to the environment to the people inside out, and all of it is told from a single person's point of view, which makes it all the easier to imagine that you are actually the one thinking those thoughts.  Also, it becomes very easy to relate to the story when you realize that even if the story takes place in a time long before, every kind of flaw in man is still present today, and a lot of them are featured in the very colorful characters from The Great Gatsby. Traits like immaturity, lovesickness, carelessness, snobbery, etc, were present then and are still present now, and once you realize that you will be able to enjoy the pure humor in the book that the author is probably trying to present to us.  The Great Gatsby is one of the most obscure books that I have ever read, and yet after I read it, a lightbulb appeared in my head and now that I understand it's message, I know that I really enjoyed it and the challenge was wortht the read."
"Jay Gatsby was the main character or protagonist in ""The Great Gatsby."" For his whole life, he went out of his way to turn from rags-to-riches in order to seek for his true love. However, did this ""fallen angel"" have the right to pursue happiness? Was his pursuit of true love fortunate or unfortunate? The content or plot of the story would tell us that love was the greatest link.As for Gatsby's real profession, the people despised and looked down on him. In spite of this, this was the one area in which we admired him for. When the people who lived in America during the 1920s were carried away and charmed into vanity, Gatsby did not lose his inner self - his na?vet? and his high or lofty ideals. He was still a person of principle and was still punctilious about his dreams. Even if he would lose every thing for the love of his life, he would have no regrets at all.What was the drive or impulse that led a person to be so dedicated or devoted? What could possibly be the cause that led a person to be so persistent with his or her faith? It is very hard for us to love others as we love ourselves. At certain times, we feel that it's not worthwhile to pay our love and affection. For that reason, I admire and sympathize with Gatsby even more. Throughout his whole life, love had always been both a burden and a reward (for him.) Love is an ongoing lesson in life in which all of us are obliged to learn.Though this story did not contain positive and inspirational characters, the content of this book may direct the readers towards a deeper understanding of the main character's na?vet? and purity, and then guide or bring out the love within the readers' hearts."
This is the modern standard of novel writing.
"What does it mean to be ""Great""? F. Scott Fitzgerald expresses his idea of being great as Nick Carraway arrives to the West Egg to experience the new life in the city. After adapting to this new world, Nick is acquainted with his cousin, Daisy Buchanan; his cousin's husband, Tom Buchanan and his cousin's friend, Jordan Baker. Nick quickly realizes that his new acquaintances have been negatively influenced by wealth. Then Nick is introduced to the extremely wealthy, Jay Gatsby. Gatsby had already shown signs of generosity as he gladly accepted anyone to his elaborate parties. Gatsby was a mysterious, yet composed man which appealed to Nick. Nick felt safe around Gatsby and grows close to him, only to be caught in between a love conflict characterized with dishonesty, disloyalty, and overall debauchery. The events that follow all lead downhill as it eventually results to violence. The reader witnesses the human corruption in The Great Gatsby as Fitzgerald effectively warns the reader of the doomed outcome that results to those who rapaciously seek money. The characteristics between the country life and city life are distinguished by Fitzgerald as Nick journeys from the comfortable country to the rapid pace city life and eventually illustrates that to be considered ""Great"" is to focus on a certain goal rather than being distracted by greed of wealth. During Nick's time living the fast life of the city, Fitzgerald not only warns the readers, but the readers are also able to observe the attributes that make a ""Great"" man."
How far will early love will take a person.
"I have to say, this is one of those books where you feel like there is something important that you are missing when you read it. It seems to be about nothing on the surface, but for some reason, it feels like there is an undercurrent of meaning that just didn't come through for me. The book is narrated by a man named Nick, who moves out to West Egg on Long Island to learn about bonds in the 1920s. His cousin Daisy lives on East Egg with her husband Tom, though they don't have a good relationship. Next door to Nick lives a self-made millionare named Gatsby, who throws weekly wild parties at his house, but seems to have a sad secretive side. Gradually, Nick gets to know these people, but not a whole lot else seems to happen for quite a while. Tom has a mistress named Myrtle, who is married to a car mechanic. Eventually, Gatsby begins to confide in Nick, and tells him that he once knew Daisy and wanted to marry her, but left to fight in the war. By the time he came back she was already married. His wild parties were designed to attract her attention so he could see her again. Nick eventually gets them back together, and finally one hot day, Gatsby confronts Tom. They had gone into NYC for the day, and argue hotly over who Daisy really loves and who she's going to live with, but eventually, Tom pretty much wins. He sends Gatsby back to East Egg with Daisy while he stays with Nick and another girl, Jordan. Meanwhile, the car mechanic has finally discovered that his wife is cheating on him. He tries to lock her up, but she runs out the door and is hit by Gatsby's car. Driving by a little later, Nick and Tom see this and are convinced that Gatsby was driving, though it was really Daisy. Gatsby decides not to tell anyone the truth to protect her. By the next day, Tom and Daisy have left the state and Gatsby seems tranquil, but there is a sense of foreboding. Nick has to leave for work and when he returns, Gatsby is dead in his pool, killed by the mechanic because he thought Gatsby had killed his wife. This part was a little confusing. In the end, Daisy doesn't seem to really care about Gatsby, and no one comes to his funeral except for his father and Nick. By the end of the book, I definitely felt that it meant something, but it seemed very hazy and I couldn't figure out exactly what. I think it has something to do with caring more about appearances and money, than anything else. I would recommend reading this book as it was fairly enjoyable after the first chapter, but if you're a teenager you probably won't understand it completely. I'm going to do a re-read when I'm older and hopefully it will become clearer."
"In the wonderful book, The Great Gatsby written by F. Scott Fitzgerald, the suspense never ends.  The character the book is revolved around is a man named Gatsby.  In the first part of the book Gatsby does not take the role of a main character.  No one knows much about this man Gatsby except that he owns a house on the Long Island Sound and hosts many parties.  Gatsby is a very rich man.  He has servants take care of his house and himself.  He also owns an enormous house with a pool.  Sometimes Gatsby even takes people up in his hydroplane.  When referring to a hydroplane he means a seaplane.  Gatsby claims that he is rich because of a large inheritance from his family out west.  Gatsby is also a self made millionaire.  He also states that he made some of the money in the oil and drug business.  Gatsby is a mystery that many people gossip about.  Many people say that he supposedly went the Oxford while others disagreed and said he lied about that.  Other rumors that circled around the neighborhood are that he was a soldier and killed some Germans.  What Gatsby did is for you to find out?  Gatsby's true character finally comes out during the book.  He becomes good friends with the main character Carraways in the book who eventually finds his true character.  In my opinion, Gatsby is a very discreet person not sharing any of his secrets with anybody.  Gatsby meets this woman Daisy who is married to Buchanan.  This is where the story unfolds."
"I guess that this novel come into the hands of today's readers mostly due to the fact that it has been designated as one of the U.S. literary icons of the XX Century. Undoubtedly, the precision to detail and the smoothness  used by the writer to convey its ideas is fantastic. My problem with it, is  that the drama in which the love story is build seems rather silly. We have  a character like Gatsby who is a young fellow who decided to become rich  the fast way (smuggling and other unidentified dirty business) to gain  social recognition for the sole purpose of being worthy of a rich girl of  whom he had fallen in love. Nevertheless, the author never takes the effort  to outline why in ruthless 20's, when wild capitalism was on the rise and  pragmatism was the only name of the game, a person like Gatsby,  who is the  living symbol of those forces,  who have laid more women that he can  remember and who have ""known the world"" from every possible angle, decides  to waist his life in pursuit of a romantic love and challenge the husband  of her beloved with the tact and style of a 14th year old. Such situation  just takes away all credibility to the drama. I guess the novel became  important for the reasons so many of the other reviewers have expressed. He  provided a frame of reference for the people of the 20's to perceive their  own time."
"The protagonist takes you through the highs and lows of 20th Century high society. The protagonist, introduced to polite society by an acquaintance (Gatsby), shows you the landmarks and windfalls along the road to dinner parties, and points out the many trappings of culture and conscience that befit a beautiful young fool surfing the upper crust of industrial-age America.Much of this book draws from the writer's own life, as he watched his own wife suffer from many of the same symptoms of society as his book's characters; obsession with the trappings and trimmings of the social elite; greed and spite; treachery and manipulation;alcoholism and insanity. This genuine point of view is distilled by careful selection in a tour de force o the ballroom lifestyle.The author's style relies heavily upon narrative, and his descriptions are potent. He mingles Western cultural artifacts (billboards, warehouse districts) and signs of life in America's dustbowl (parked cars) to spot the low and high income parts of metropolitan culture like the warm and cold spots in the river. All in all, this is a book which draws its power from subjective interpretation of the narrative; very little is decided for the reader, who feels much like a back-seat passenger in Gatsby's car, listening in and seeing the sights."
"A book rich in sybolism. Portraying a mans obsetion and an olusion.  The excesses and carelesness of the rich, delightful to read."
Classic
Classic
Thanks!
Love it
love it
Classic
Classic
Classic
Love it
AWESOME
"A good but not great book.  I support Clifton Fadiman for not including it in his list of books for The Lifetime Reading Plan.  I really wouldn't bother reading heavy symbolism into it, magnifying its importance with nonsense.  Yeah, people are greedy and selfish, okay, so?The main characters are wealthy, mysterious Gatsby, wealthy and self centered Tom Buchanan, Tom's wealthy and self centered wife Daisy who Gatsby is in love with, and Tom's no-class adulterous girlfriend Mrs Myrtle Wilson.It is a short book, and a quick and easy one to read.  It holds your interest because of the subject matter - love, betrayal.  Most of the characters aren't likeable, they are dislikeable.  It is one of the most overrated books of all time because it is often called one of the greatest books, which it definitely isn't.  Can anyone seriously put this little story up against War and Peace, or Brothers Karamazov?  Come on.  You don't have any great characters here.  But it is an interesting story that earns its three stars out of five."
great item! fast shipment!
"I decided to read The Great Gatsby because it is a classic, and when I was supposed to read it in high school, I got the Cliff Notes instead.  The story still did not impress me much, but it is a short read and well worth it in the end because the message is one we can all learn from.  Gatsby is in search of his true love, which is something all of us look for in life - that relationship of heroic proportions that seems almost surreal and timeless.  Perhaps the last page is the best clincher of the book: ""Gatsby believed in the green light (true love), the orgiastic future that year by year recedes before us.  It eluded us then, but that's no matter - tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther...and one fine morning ----- So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past."" How true it is...beat on my friends."
I did not enjoy the book.
"""So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past."" Awsome....if you like Death of a Salesman, check this book out.  Our lives seem to be an endless series of New Years  Resolutions...stop chasing dreams tommorow, chase them now."
"I hate this book, always have but it is required reading for one of my classes this semester. The price was very cheap (five dollars max), it came within a reasonable time, and was in perfect condition although it was under ""used"" and rated as ""very good."""
Tim Robbins does an excellent job reading this book!  Well worth the purchase.
"Basically a love story that doesn't end on a happy note. I found it interesting how closly Midnight In the Garden of Good and Evil imitates this book. They both go over the interesting characters that at some point merge to become a conflicting story of right and wrong. Wait, isn't that the main storyline for almost all books. I guess they seemed more alike since I read them back to back. Well, The Great Gatsby did seem to be on the verge of all of the modern convienences of the 1920's. I wonder if changing cultures brings about different thoughts on the definition of a classic book. This book was a so-so read and wasn't real captivating. Of course, I am one of those casual readers that doesn't always try to find meaning in a book like an academic reader. Enjoyment is what I am after."
"There is little to say about this ""classic"" that was written  over a half a century ago.  Not as timeless as some would have you believe.  Not as bad as others my age would have you believe.  Read it if you are  really patient."
"This review is not about the book itself, but about the Kindle Edition method of purchasing it. I love this book dearly, I really do, but seriously. Can anyone even BEGIN to explain to me why the Kindle edition is three dollars MORE EXPENSIVE than the paperback? With Kindle books, you don't even have to pay for the paper! To whoever it was who set these prices: I think it's disgusting that you would pull a dirty trick like that on your customers, knowing that a lot of people buy the Kindle edition first, without looking at the paperback. You ought to be ashamed of yourselves.This book would have been an easy sale to me, Amazon, because I would really prefer to have it on my Kindle. But I will instead be buying the paperback from Barnes & Noble, even if it comes out to more than $12.99, out of sheer principle."
"I've tried every diet in the book(s.) But Mr. Fitzgerald has hit upon th perfect balance of low-carb dining and exercise. His insights into plums are unparallelled. Thank you Fitzy, you truly are a ""great"" gatsby."
I preferred the movie
"Review pertains to the Kindle edition only. The product description states ""Length: 210 pages (Contains Real Page Numbers"".  This is not correct; the Kindle edition lacks pages numbers. Useless for study purposes."
"The MarginI have to say Gatsby, by Fitzgerald was another classic disappointment. Like Hemingway's The Sun Also Rises, both drew world-wide acclaim, but for me neither went anywhere. That is to say there was an absence of substance. Another tale by a sad author about pathetic rich folk in the 1920's. I suppose the story is worth reading just to lay claim to that fact, for boasting purposes. It is short and from time to time there is a smidgeon, contrary to what I said earlier, of depth.Marvin Wiebener, author of The Margin. Click on the above icon and read about a rancher and a discovery and the consequences that follow. You'll enjoy it."
I was wanting a normal sized book and ended up with an extremely small book with little value and one which was too small to read.  I don't know why anyone would sell a book of this size.
The Great Gatsby is an amazing read for anyone of any age. This is one of the greatest written American tragedies. With this tale of Jay Gatsby you start to get really engulfed into the story. With the phenomenal writting done by F. Scott Fitzgerald you can really feel the emotion that is captured. It feels as though every line was written to perfection and that F.Scott Fitzgerald spent his life writing this book. With the reading of this book you can really feel the theme of the american dream at its finest a long with many of the other themes that are in this book. I would reccomened this book to anyone.
I consider myslelf well read. I bought this book knowing it was a classic (I love classics). I expected it to be more entertaining. For one thing it's very dated. I had trouble understanding what was going on most of the time. Another thing were it's racial undertones. The way mister Wolfheim was portrayed (a shady selfish businessmen) is an obvious anti-semantic stereotype. I couldn't get myself into the story because the characters were unlikable. I found myself checking the clock more than reading the story. The moral of the story (money can't buy happiness) isn't very well portrayed by Fitzgerald.
My favorite novel.
Not enough pixels.
It is my opinion that �The Great Gatsby� is Fitzgerald�s bestwork. The novel brings the glitter of the jazz age back fullforce. The devil-may-care freewheeling lifestyle carriesthe reader along with the young man Jay Gatsby (the maincharacter of the novel) in his sad search for love and riches.The story is also narrated in the third person which I reallythought gave the novel more perspective. Also a greattouch was the eyes of Dr. T.J. Eckleburg looking downfrom the billboard; it is a classical symbol. The book is agreat read.
"This classic book got my daughters attention when we saw a trailer for it when we saw the movie Lincoln, I put it in her stocking and she's already dug in. I remember reading this in high school, well worth reading again when she's done with it. Came very quickly and packaged well."
"The whole story appears to revolve around this huge ""love triangle"" of Gatsby trying to get Daisy to come back to him and leave Tom. Upon close scrutiny of Gatsby's actions it would appear that they all are leading up  to how he could meet Daisy again. The main theme of the story."
"The whole story appears to revolve around this huge ""love triangle"" of Gatsby trying to get Daisy to come back to him and leave Tom. Upon close scrutiny of Gatsby's actions it would appear that they all are leading up  to how he could meet Daisy again. The main theme of the story."
"Reading Fitzgerald in 2013, I was surprised by the ethnic and racial bias shown in his reference to black men as ""bucks, rolling their eyes"" and the nose and beady eyes of ""the Jew"" This was probably acceptable to 1920 Protestants but is jarring to today's reader."
"The Great Gatsby was voted number two on the list of 100 greatest of the twentieth century and I never questioned this rating until confronted by an influentual college professor who made me examine the novel more closely. Many of the thoughts I now have on Fitzgerald and Gatsby I owe to him and I think it would be good to share them and allow people who read these reviews to rethink Gatsby somewhat. The fact is that Fitzgerald's ""great"" novel of the ""American Dream"" has serious problems that make it a questionable text for number two on such a list, especially considering it is placed above such novels as Faulkner's The Sound and the Fury and Light in August and Ralph Ellison's Invisible Man.From the beginning of the novel, we are in the hands of a first person narrator in Nick Carraway, an empty shallow young man from the midwest who moves to the east to try his hand at the ""American Dream."" The problem is that although most people would regard Nick as a shallow character, Fitzgerald doesn't seem to offer an underlying critique of this moral void inside of his character but instead forces the reader to accept what Nick says at face value. Then we meet Tom and Daisy Bucchanan. Tom is the quintessential Aryan prototype spouting racist propaganda about how it has been scientifically proven that the blond haired blue eyed Nordic male is superior in every way to other races, and again there is no satiric edge from Fitzgerald to say that Tom is not correct in his beliefs and assumptions. Then we reach the introduction of Gatsby and the melodramatic love story of Gatsby and Daisy. Gatsby is the nouveau riche who throws large excessive parties for anyone who will come to his mansion hoping that Daisy will someday show up. Fitzgerald goes down a list of participants in those parties and most of the people there are Eastern Europeans. This is a criticism of the parties in Fitzgerald's prose and begins to venture into the anti-semitic areas of the novel. The introduction of Meyer Wolfsheim, the stereotypical Jew seals the deal on that. We also soon discover that what attracts Gatsby to Daisy is not a human bond of understanding and friendship, but the fact that Daisy's voice jingles like money; and yet, people seem to view this love affair as stirring and tragic. The sad thing about the book is that all of its characters are shallow and money hungry. There is not a redeming figure in the book though the narrator Nick would like to say that the hero is Gatsby. Gatsby was all right in the end. It was what prayed on him that was bad. This is Fitzgerald's judgment.If this is the quintessential novel about the American Dream, if the lust of Gatsby is our lust as Americans and the love story of Daisy and Gatsby the type of love we as a people aspire to, we're in a great deal of trouble in this country. When books such as The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn come under attack in high schools across for using the word ""Nigger"" and others such as The Grapes of Wrath are banned for using profanity such as ""Christ,"" The Great Gatsby, which is a far more damaging and subversive novel, slips by unnoticed. I'm not for censorship in any form, but we must think about what we want to tell children or any other students about America. While Huckleberry Finn and the Grapes of Wrath are being banned yet are permeated with important and positive messages about the meaning of America, The Great Gatsby is a staple in cirriculum everywhere saying that this is really what America is about. Part of the problem is that Fitzgerald's prose is so exquisitely poetic that the themes of the book sometimes disappear beneath the eyes of Doctor T.J. Eckleberg or get clouded by a green light at the end of a pier. Half the time if you stop to think, you can't even figure out what Fitzgerald is talking about. ""And so we float on, boats against the current borne ceaselessly back into the past."" At the end of examining the novel in an American literature class in college my professor asked the students what this line meant. No one could come up with a satisfactory answer. The teacher who had been teaching The Great Gatsby in class for twenty years told us that he had never met anyone would could tell him what it meant. Perhaps the novel should have fallen to a lower spot on the list of the twentieth century's greatest novels."
"I really liked this book, but there was one thing that it lacked.  This was sympathy for the Jewish  People.  Sure... Fitzgerald would be happy to talk about the Irish, but not the Jewish.  This gets a thumbs down in my  book.  Ben Helford"
Ok good
Classic
Love it
amazing
"This is the most overrated book of all time. It's all about ritzy partying, about the things that happen to people who party a lot. That's the great American dream -- sappy unrequited love before and after partying. I can't understand why it's revered in American literature. It doesn't have anything to offer but a melodramatic peek at the lives of very shallow characters. The characters sounded as if they were culled straight out of Beverly Hills 90210: The Jazz Age Version. The prose is masterfully done, but the story is just pathetic."
if there was a zero star choice would give this book that rating but there was not so i had to choose one star. i could not even finish this book because it was so boring.
I wouldn't recommend this book to anyone. It was a disjointed tale of people who apparently served no purpose on earth.  Sorry I ever wasted my money on this book.
"This can hardly be called a novel.  It is, at best, a novella at roughly 150 pages.  The craftsmanship that went into choosing words is obvious, but it is equally obvious that Fitzgerald didn't have much of an ability to  create and tell stories.  The novel moves ahead predictably, with nary a  twist.  Similarly, the characters are flat, each painted with an overly  broad brush.  None of the characters is multifaceted enough to maintain  reader interest beyond the bounds of this tiny book.Clearly, this novel  deserves the lack of attention it received when first released.  It's too  bad the 1950's gave rise to a class of pretentious persons who lifted this  book up from the slime into which it had deservedly descended.  It is  thanks to them that school children across America are subjected to this  tripe in the name of education.How many more children will have their  budding love of reading destroyed by being forced to read such purile and  juvenile garbage as this?Fortunately, I had been reading much longer,  more complicated novels for many years by the time I was required to read  this one in my Sophomore year of High School.  I hated it then, but I  thought at the time that it was I who was at fault.  Now, some 15 years  later, I've re-read the novel, and I find it to be almost completely  without merit.It's a good thing I was already a reader by the time this  garbage was inflicted upon me, or I might never have acquired a taste for  books, thinking this was representative of the works available.  Not many  children have been so inoculated against poisonous works such as this  one.Is it any wonder why American kids don't like to read?"
I feel sorry for Gatsby. I know it would sound strange to most readers but  I relate to Gatsby in his love for this rich girl ....Daisy.He thinks that one day he will marry her by becoming a rich man...but that never  happens...the barriers of class are too great.. Fitzgerald makes us  realize...that earning a lot of money in a short amount of time doesn't  elevate you to the status otherwise conferred. I see Gatsby as a very  ambitious man.He transfers his ambitions into getting this 'ungettable'  girl..but at last he fails...for his dream is a futile one.
"The Great Gatsby is a very suspenseful and interesting book.  There are many twists to the plot and a lot of unexpected events.  I found myself very surprised throughout the book because of the dramatic changes in the plot. The characters in the book were very interesting people.  My favorite was Gatsby because of his unusual way of doing things.  He would have parties and not go to them.  This was the most odd thing about him in my opinion.  It was also weird how he could keep his love for Daisy over all the years.  Daisy was a very emotional character and I didn't like her very much for that.  She was always unhappy about something during the book.  When everything seemed alright and when she seemed happy something would upset her.  I found this sort of annoying and that is why I didn't like Daisy as a character.  Nick was a fairly shy character and he was my second favorite.  He always went along with what was happening and never caused too many problems.  He was very down to earth and I like that about him. The setting seemed very old fashioned to me.  Gatsby's Mansion seemed to be very cool though, almost like a castle.  I liked his mansion and the basic setting of the book. The plot was my favorite out of all.  I was very bored throughout the book until the end.  This is where it went 180 degrees and everything fell apart.  I loved when Gatsby and Tom got into a fight because it staged the killing of Myrtle.  This put some spice into the book and I was suddenly interested.  George then thought that Gatsby had hit and killed his wife.  When George came down to Gatsby's house it was very suspenseful.  I liked when George shot Gatsby and then committed suicide. Overall I liked this book a lot.  I would recommend it to anyone interested in reading it.  It was also one of my favorite books."
"Although F. Scott Fitzgerald claimed that his 1925 novel in titled The Great Gatsby was to be his ""greatest masterpiece"", in the opinion of at least one reader the book fell disappointingly short of his highly optimistic, and probably unrealistic, expectations. The Great Gatsby is often heralded as one of the ""great"" and ""exemplary"" literary works in American history, but in my opinion as a reader it is simply flawed and uninteresting. And even though my opinion may not fall into the category of mainstream sentiment towards the novel, take it as a viewpoint less explored, yet still like any other, valid nonetheless.  I had no prior knowledge regarding The Great Gatsby prior to its introduction into my American Literature II class, but after seeing that it had received a vast amount of rave reviews as well as learning about its author, F. Scott Fitzgerald, I must admit I was intrigued by the prospect of a novel with lust, romance, friendships, lies among many other interesting occurrences. Fitzgerald commences his ""masterpiece"" in a very descriptive manner, at times overwhelmingly descriptive, by introducing to the reader his narrator Nick Carraway. Nick seems to be an honest and trustworthy narrator throughout the course novel, but in my opinion he refuses to speak of the harsh realities of life to Jay Gatsby, a person who he considers his friend. Nick is very observant and descriptive, qualities essential to any successful narrator of a novel, but at times, Fitzgerald goes over board allowing Nick to ramble on about scenery and how he feels towards certain character's actions and feelings. Some readers may enjoy detail, but excess detail, from my vantage point, makes the story needlessly long and a strenuous read. I in particular do not appreciate it when an author forces me to continue reading a story that seems to take forever to develop. Another aspect aside for the excess detail used by Fitzgerald, is his weak and cliché storyline. Its been done, honestly, William Shakespeare wrote this same type of story a while back, Fitzgerald simply chose to give it a twist by moving the setting to the roaring twenties, but unfortunately that added little excitement to a boring and unoriginal story. I will try not to give away any of the major portions of the storyline, but still explain why I feel this way towards The Great Gatsby, and the way it was written. First off the characters are all, in the words Holden Caufield in J.D. Salinger's The Catcher in The Rye, ""phonies"", prototypical aristocrats of the 1920's, much like F. Scott Fitzgerald himself. That includes the narrator Nick, who leaves the rural mid-west for a life of glamour in the ""capital of the world"" NYC. I personally had a difficult time relating to their personalities and their various ""issues"". Another aspect that makes the story dull and repetitive is its ""classical"" love hook. This is a feeble attempt by Fitzgerald to add spice to an otherwise tasteless novel. Its unoriginal, and not what I expected from one of the best authors in American literature.  Now I will not tear the novel to shreds or call it a waste of time, but I rather watch grass grow than reread The Great Gatsby. If you as a reader are able to overlook the excess descriptions given by Nick throughout the novel, the predictable storyline, and the abrupt and disappointing ending, then you will love this book, maybe even consider it as one of your all-time favorites. But I for one would like to forget I ever read it. If The Great Gatsby is F. Scott Fitzgerald's ""greatest masterpiece"" maybe we should reconsider his status as one of the best writers in American Literature."
"I was expecting to like this book more than I ended up doing, since it's one of those books that is lauded as a classic, one of the things you're led to believe is a classic even if you've never even read it. I did like it, particularly the prose, but didn't consider it ""great."" I was led to believe it was a story of life during the Jazz Age, an era I am very much interested in, and didn't find much in the way of describing life in the 1920s apart from some nightly parties thrown and attended by overly rich people and the title character being involved in bootlegging. I was expecting more descriptions of things like the actual process involved in bootlegging (how they made the alcohol in their bathtubs, for example), the kind of clothes people were wearing, popular songs and dances, flappers, movies, that sort of thing. I found what remained of the story, after the lovely prose and descriptions of Twenties life, to be plotless and unconvincing. Why is Nick Carraway narrating this story? What does he do that's important? This book would have been better served with third-person narration instead of being narrated by Daisy's second-cousin once removed. It was also really unrealistic how Daisy and Gatsby instantly are as close and loving as they were before Daisy jilted him when he went off to war in 1917 and because he wasn't a rich man. Daisy has since married and had a child; she hasn't sat around waiting for him all these years like Penelope waited for Odysseus! I'm supposed to believe that their romance is rekindled overnight, and applaud Gatsby for throwing these lavish nightly parties only out of the vain hope that Daisy might come to one of them and see him again? He even has his house right across the way from Daisy's, and became so rich only in the hopes of winning her back, which seems really obsessive instead of sweet and romantic. The book would have been better served having a hundred or so more pages so the reader could figure out the solutions to all of the whodunnits on his or her own. These are some great and intriguing mysteries, yet very quickly we're handed all of the answers on a silver platter. That takes away the thrill of figuring out what happened on one's own. The ending also was very dead-end and disappointing. I would have liked it more had the plot unfolded slower instead of too quickly to be realistic."
"Green light means go.In The Great Gatsby, green light means don't go..The green light is mentioned three times in the novel: at the beginning, at the middle, and at the end.Before I proceed, should I also mention that the The Great Gatsby is one of the most important novels in the American language.I emphasize, this novel is uniquely American. You will find no other work of literature that can hold a candle to this book. It may be required reading in high school, but oh what a work of art the world considers this book to be. Read it  and be forever thankful this country can produce a novel like this.The style is decptively simple. When Gatsby says, ""Old sport!"" I think of Holden Caulfield saying, ""For Chrissakes!""Salinger owes Fitzgerald a lot.  Without  The Great Gatsby, there can be no Catcher In The Rye. Nick Carraway is a grown up Holden Caulfield. Carraway is confiding in you. He is talking to you one on one. You listen to him because you want to be his confidant.Going back to the green light.The green light means the green American dream. How ironic that the road ends on your side of the intersection when the traffic light flashes go!Gatsby stands at land's end and stares at the green light hanging at the end of the pier behind  Daisy's home. The road ends at his feet.  He can get no closer to his American dream that this!  All that money he has doesn't help him win Daisy one bit..  All those flashy shirts he pulls from his closet, all those different color sports cars he drives, all of it means nothing.Money  can't buy you love. (That;s a good title for a song!). That is what  The Great Gatsby is all about.. Green light, go.....My copy of this hard bound Scribner edition of  The Great Gatsby has the printed price of [price]. That is how long ago I bought it. I suggest you run out and buy this edition before the price goes any higher. The book is worth every penny."
"Simply put, this may be the greatest masterpiece ever written by an American author.  F. Scott Fitzgerald's writing is superb during the classic tale of Jay Gatsby, Daisy Buchanan, and the other supporting characters.  Fitzgerald's masterpiece is depressing, and it is much like Romeo & Juliet, in that happiness is never attained.  However, it is his writing style that saves this book.  The eloquence of F. Scott Fitzgerald has never been more clearly shown than in this book.  Readers can literally see the hours he spent poring over his manuscript, for every line, word, and phrase is carefully thought out.  Concise, witty, and lyrical, Fitzgerald's writing style quickly captures the reader through sheer humor through the first 50 pages, and leaves the reader breathless through the last 3/4 of the book, detailing his romance with the problems that arise from it.  The true brilliance is not the story, for the story has been told before.  This novel is a vehicle for Fitzgerald's skill as a writer.  The book must be read more than once, for Fitzgerald pieces together his story very carefully, giving the reader hints of the outcome before the ending, hints that are easily missed on the first read.  Every word in every sentence is carefully thought out, a phenomenon clearly seen after reading the novel more than once.  It is that unquestionable brilliance as a writer, that amazing style and eloquence, that gives this book its greatness.  Fitzgerald has never been this witty, this dry, this powerful, this sarcastic, and this thrilling.  Are there flaws?  Absolutely.  The book is ambiguous on the ending, and the book must be reread in order to be fully appreciated.  Yet, the book is so good that those flaws are ignored easily.  The wittiness, the humor, the sarcasm, all mixed with the sadness and depression, creates an atmosphere of life breathing through the pages.  The characters are timeless, the writing brilliant, the story simple, this is a book for all time."
"I have listened to only a few tracks of this book-on-CD, and maybe I should wait for a while before posting a review, but here is what I can already say. First, while Scott Fitzgerald is clearly a great writer, he writes about characters who are so far from who I am and I care about that I wonder if I will ever really like his novels. I have read ""This side of paradise"" before listening to this one, and found it equally uninteresting. Almost everyone seems to be an obnoxious and spoiled character. There is way too much aristocracy, money and privilege, and I find all characters rather fake. BUT, what is worse about this CD is... Tim Robbins. He reads mostly with an annoyingly low, dreamy voice, playing all women with a terrible fake-feminine voice which really seems to come from a drag queen. I will never understand why so many men have to read women's voices as if words were spoken by a drag queen. Overall, this is a pretty bad audio book."
"While it states in very small print at the very end of the description the measurements in mm, many people either don't take the time to interpret it into inches or don't even see it. The book is a miniature version."
"The cover does not match the one pictured, and the book is not hardcover as described."
"There is no plot... at all.  I kept reading this, thinking I was missing something, thinking the plot would thicken, and just as the characters gained some purpose, the book ended... I still don't get it."
"Although Fitzgeralds writing style is unique and diffrent, he failed to include a valid plot worthy of praise.  His ""novel"" on the demoralization of America is nothing more than a over edited piece of  literature.  I fail to see how this book got an average of 5 stars."
"Although Fitzgeralds writing style is unique and diffrent, he failed to include a valid plot worthy of praise.  His ""novel"" on the demoralization of America is nothing more than a over edited piece of  literature.  I fail to see how this book got an average of 5 stars."
"""~Although the Great Gatsby is a required read for 10th graders in the state of CO, my class did not have enough time to let us read it as a group. So, my curiousity got the better of me and I soon ran to my local  bookstore and purchased a copy.""~ awe."
"Must say it was very bring, seemed like a ""lot to do about nothing"". We already know about the rich and famous, and it contained nothing new. In my opinion, except for DeCaprio, who is always a pleasant eyesight, the movie was even more disappointing."
Not good
Classic!
"ordered on aug. 7th, got it the 22nd. The book is not the picture. It is so small. its a Collins Classic book."
I did not receive the copy of this book that was shown. It is not the original cover. It's the same book but not the right cover. It's disappointing because the cover is iconic. I'm not going through the hassle of sending it back but just make sure when you order you check to see what cover you're getting. I got a cover with a flapper girl on it. That's not right. It's deceiving.
The Great Gatsby is the classic novel known as the American Dream. I thought that in some ways it represented what everyone in the United States wants. I thought that in the beginning it was really really boring but in the secone half of the book it became a little bit more interesting. I think that overall it was an okay book but I don't think that I would ever read it again.
Disappointing.  His characters are boring and superficial.  If there was a moral to the story I missed  it.
"this book was just very confusing to me...it was kind of all over the place and I couldn't exactly tell what was going on...like when Gatsby was terminated I didn't even know it until Nick told the guy over the phone. normally I'm pretty good at figuring out what's going on in a book, but this one was just...blegh. I don't really have another way to explain it...."
"I dismissed this novel back in high school as one of those indisputable books that safely sits above the reach of criticism-- a novel readers are obligated to admire because of its untouchable 'classic' status. As it turns out, it is a legitimate classic, and I consider it to be one of the best books I've ever read.I won't dispute the fact that Fitzgerald's racism sneaks into the novel, but we have to accept that the pseudoscientific basis for that racism was a part of the times (and an aristocratic trend to boot). Beneath that trivial detail there is a sea of worth to be gleaned from The Great Gatsby. It addresses a very human (and perennially American) desire to return to better and happier times of the past, and a feeling that very much embodies the 20s.The modern reader should have little trouble discerning the distasteful qualities (which appropriately only appear in Tom); racism certainly isn't condoned with any validity here. The same goes for other great American writers of the time like H.P. Lovecraft.So, give it a shot sometime when you aren't forced to appreciate it."
"This was the most difficult book to finish that I have ever picked up. I suppose that is because drama and romance are not the subjects that interest me the most. If you are a fan of the romance genre you may rate this one a bit higher than I.The writing style is good, however, the storyline is predictible and dry. What is lacking in this book is a bit of action or real suspense. If if weren't for the quality and craftsmanship of Mr. Fitzgerald I would have reviewed this book at a 1 star.Based upon the reviews clearly individuals give out way to many 5 stars. For me a 5 star review is a book that: 1)I will definitely buy 2)I will read as part of an annual pilgrimage and 3)I could recommend to you with clear conscience that I'm not wasting your time. For most individuals this book is going to be a waste of time.If you like reading to fall asleep to buy this book."
"The Kindle book web page tells that text-to-speech is enabled.  However, after downloading it to my Kindle Fire (I have the first/original Kindle Fire), I could not listen to it.  I wish I could return this Kindle book and get my $ 3.99  back.  I would not have bought it if it did not have text-to-speech.  I wasted $ 3.99"
The Great Gatsby is a story of one man's struggle to find  happiness during the booming 20's.  He surrounds himself with wealth and throws parties he does not attend to bring back his one true love.  This story captures life during the 1920's very accurately and shows that wealth can not buy a person's love or happiness.
"While reading this book, I felt that it was very hard to follow.  And it wasn't so much the actual story, but the dialect of the characters.  But once you overcome that, the story gets very interesting.  I suggest reading  this book if you like tragic stories.  It has an unhappy ending but it  makes you keep thinking."
"Don't understand why this is a classic. I found it slow paced and rather depressing. Hope the movie is better. I never figured out how he made his money, maybe it's just me but wouldn't recommend it."
It's one of the worst book I ever had to read. Mind numbing things that this guy does. I just don't understand why it's suppose to be one of the classic. I wouldn't have read it if I had the choice.
"Did not like this story at all.  Way too weird.  All the characters were bizzare!  Perhaps the story would be good if you were high!  The new movie is better than the story, but still stange."
"`The Great Gatsby' is a novel that attempts to probe into the heart of the American Dream. Implicit in its portrayal of the subject, the novel uncovers the pragmatism and the callous indifference that characterize the thinking of the individuals of the society then. Through the lucid writing of F. Scott Fitzgerald, we see the lofty ambitions of Gatsby and Daisy being played out. Gatsby, in order to get close to Daisy and propel himself to a higher social stratum, lied to her about his background. Daisy, on the other hand, took to Gatsby because of his stint at Oxford. The American society of the 1920s saw a steady rise in prosperity of the nation and the standard of the living of the people. It was a period of hedonism and extravagance, with the Americans `believing in the green light' and striving to `run faster, stretch out their arms farther' to reach out for their `orgastic future'.The novel is short and sweet, but it did not resonate very well with me. Perhaps the author positioned himself too remotely and distantly from the story, resulting in a failure to present a more impactful depiction of the `Jazz Age'. This novel has also been touted as one of the most representative American work of fiction. But upon careful reading, I did not find an extremely distinct `American-ness' in the novel. The story appeared universal enough to be transplanted to any country experiencing its own version of the `Jazz Age'."
"This is just my simple opinion, but when I read The Great Gatsby, I found it to be 1) extremely difficult to follow, and 2) drastically overbearing. People describe F. Scott's Fitzgerald's writing as poetic, and indeed it is at some points in the book. However I believe that as a result of this, Gatsby is much more difficult to read and comprehend. I would have preferred a more traditional writing style instead of a over-embellished, over-done, and, most importantly, an overly-complex style of writing."
I honestly don't understand the hype surrounding this book. It was a decent read but I don't consider it an excellent book in any way. It feels a little unfocused and scattered.
"I started researching great American writers to check out what the fuss has been about their works to expand my literary knowledge.  Thus, I stumbled upon the Great Gatsby.  I really WANTED to like it.  I really did.  But I found it to be a total bore. I don't know how this premise of a story could be boring but it sure was for me.  And when it wasn't boring, it was overly dramatic.  I wish I could hop on the bandwagon with all the Great Gatsby lovers but it's just not for me."
"THIS PARTICULAR EDITION OF THE FITZGERALD CLASSIC IS SUBLIME. TO REVISIT THE STORY OF JAY GATSBY AFTER THIRTY PLUS YEARS WAS QUITE THRILLING. F. SCOTTS' VERBIAGE  IS SO LYRICAL , SO POETIC , I  READ SEVERAL PAGES OVER AND OVER. TO MOST OF US THIS IS A VERY FAMILIAR STORY AS IT WAS REQUIRED READING IN SCHOOL. HOWEVER I WAS TAKEN ABACK AT THE FRESHNESS AND NEWNESS OF THE WRITING...IF YOU HAVE NOT READ GATSBY IN AWHILE , OR IF NEVER, YOU ARE MISSING AN ENORMOUS, TANTALIZING READ."
"I had read this before and decided to read it again to see if I missed anything. After the second reading, I confirmed that I still don't know what the fuss is about."
"Beware, this book is printed in tiny font size - super small print. you cannot read this unless you have robotic eyes."
This book seemed to have errors or something—it's forever crashing. Also it says something about getting a free audiobook with the purchase and that didn't happen.
"Contrary to what I had expected, I found the Great Gatsby slow and boring.  Most of the time I dozed off after reading one page, which is highly unusual for me."
"This book arrived to me before I expected it, which was great! And it was in perfect shape. There was a few highlighter marks, but oh well. I like it just fine."
This book is overrated. I was 40% in and I still wasn't interested. It felt like forced reading so I put it aside.
"Horribly overrated. Many of the characters weren't well developed, and it was just a slow, painful read. If you're a rich snob who can relate to rich snob problems, maybe you'll like it. I read it once in high school and recently read it again to give it a fair chance… but nope, still an overrated book. I guess if you're from that time period maybe you could relate, but for the other few billion people in the world, it's not very interesting."
"The book came in great condition and I recieved the book within two days.However, it came with a differnt cover page and not the one displayed on the picture."
"I purchased this book for my high school lit class and found it to be a huge rip-off. Besides lacking page numbers, the opening epigraph, and consistent formatting, the copy is also printed in an extremely small font, making it quite difficult to read. Save your money and buy one of the other versions of this book!"
Great
good.
"My daughter needed this book for school, but she said that they didn't have to read the whole thing. But she did anyway and she said she liked the book."
"Things haven't changed much.  The rich still think they can do anything without caring who they hurt or destroy. Maybe it's true, you can't go back."
"I thought this book was overall a pretty good book to read, for teenagers my age. They had alot of interesting things going on in the book, such as, Tom and Daisy's affairs, Gatsby falling in love with Daisy,and Myrtle being hit by a car, and random parties at the gatsby's mansion.. As teenagers you can relate to wanting to be rich and famous, like Gatsby dreamed, and also going to parties and falling in love."
"The Great Gatsby is a wonderful tale of an era. It is intriguiging, suspensful, and a well-written novel. The TNT movie of this is just as great!"
Another book from AP English that surprised me. Fitzgerald makes good writing seem easy. This work both critiqued and defined the American '20s.
"In this book the reader is introduced to Nick Carraway who describes his friendship with the new millionaire in town, Jay Gatsby. Jay has changed his surname and become rich all in the vain hope that can rekindle an ""old flame"" i.e. his long lost relationship with Daisy who is now a married woman. There is nothing ""Great""about Gatsby or this book which is considered by many to be ""The Great American Novel"". The reader does have some sympathy for Gatsby as he engages in a futile attempt to relive something which only exists in the mothballs of his distant memory. I give this book 5 stars because somehow it made my High School English teacher decide that it was worth reading so 60 teenagers had to go out and buy this book. That is a very clever Marketing Ploy!!!"
"Although this is a classic and the language is beautiful, the characters are selfish, and judgmental. Only read it if you have to read it."
"This book is available for free, don't buy it.Amazon should allow to download it for free, it's not a rights issue, just stealing"
"To me, this book was a little on the dull side.  The life of Jay Gatsby was less than fascinating and his obsession with Daisy Buchanan was pathetic.  This doesn't mean that the book isn't well-written or that it  isn't a ""classic""- that's why I give it three stars.  Its slow  moving plot and lack of action is the reason why I only give it three  stars."
"Don't really know...shallow characters, no great love story, just wealth and emptiness. Who cares what happens to them all really??"
"Hard to really stay in the book. Not enough action.Too much skipping around, back in time,then back to another group of people. I did not get out of it as much time as it took to read it. Now I know why some said they had to read it several times to get the real message. Not sure I am that interested in it. I thought the movie was pretty much the same way. Dull"
nice
Good
"But alas, it just never quite got there for me. I kept going after I wanted to stop thinking just give it a few more pages."
My book was in perfect condition with no marks or tears in the pages.  Great experience. I would buy from Amazon again.
"Book was received in like-new condition.  Book was interesting but I cannot figure out why it is labeled ""a classic""."
"Yes, I'm but another unfortunate soul who had to go through this book because of the wretched school. Let me try to be fair, the book started decent. I thought the writing style of the author was good, but nothing egregrious. I was interested in finding out about the narrator, of course, the story turns and introduced a mob of characters from parties and dreaded plots. It was plainly, and simply and tediously S-L-O-W. Reading this book is a torture. Okay, that was my first impression of the book. After finally reading it through, however, I guess I should say it was better than I thought. The story speeds up a little, still retaining the air of elusiveness. It is hard to grasp the theme of The Great Gatsby. But perhaps when you do it is worthwhile to you. Though I still feel unable to relate this story very well. But different people have different opinions."
"the novel is excellent however, the default text size is far too small and required the font sized to be increased to maximum before i could even attempt to read.save money and buy another edition of the book"
I did not receive this book! I received a different book with the same name and author but a different cover.
"This usually isn't my typical read but I decided to read it since they made a movie about it. Boy was I forced to read this book, I can't leave a book unfinished so I read it all. Spoiler alert, the climax was when a husband discovers an affair, doesn't get more exciting. Good luck with this one."
It was very confussing and hard to keep with the characters. It was Hard to keep up with who was speaking.
"I didn't get very far into it.  The book reminded me of ""Women in Love"" . Rich, unlovable people doing hateful things because they are bored with each other."
"It's a small paper back book, but a classic non-the-less. Originally I was looking for this book in hard cover, but this one fits better in our bookshelf anyway."
Ok
:)
"I always hated reading in high school, until I read this book in like 11th grade. I loved it! It's pretty much my favorite book ever."
"the print was too small...it did not say that is was very small font...I can not read it,,had to by another one from bookstore"
I didn't like the book. It's not my type of book
It was so boring I didn't bother to finish it
This is such convoluted gibberish that I would like my money back! This is undecipherable and a waste of time.
"The actor over acted, taking away from the beauty of the language. Waste of money. I had to stop listening."
kinda boring but once you get to the end it gets interesting . i enjoyed it and it would be good to watch the movie afterwards .
Id recommend it as required reading in American literature classes.Fitzgerald is a great author.  The best I have read for sure.
"This is a great book, and F. Scott Fitzgerald is one of my favorite writers.However. for all the hype, it is rather plain"
I wasted my money.  The only true Gatsby was Robert Redford.  Terrible production but I did enjoy Toby McGuire's performance.
"What can I say?  It's the ""Great Gatsby"". Probably everything that needed to be said was said in 1925 when it first came out."
moved to slowcharacters not likeddid not finish it at this  timemay go back and give it another try
A bit confusing in trying to figure out who was talking at times.  The facts of the story were confusing at times as well.
"I get the point. Why did it take so long to get there ?  Like slogging through,mud. Sad story which took too long to tell."
"Best book I ever read, I began this book at 10 at night and didn't put it down until I finished it at 2:30 in the morning."
Written perfectly loved all of it and the symbolismThe new  movie followed it perfectly I would recommend seeing it.
"Aside from the Book of Mormon, this book is likely the most overrated work of fiction ever written. Fitzgerald pails in comparison to writers like George Orwell, John Irving, or Kurt Vonigut who don't feel the need to fill their books with unnecessary over description. George Orwell said if a word can be cut out, always cut it out. Writing should be written how you talk and should come across easily. Fitzgerald's abuse of description goes too far and neither makes him a genius or a good writer as many have elevated him to such levels. All it does is make his writing more tedious to read than a google user agreement. On top of that, his characters are shallow and without any real substance and the story overall couldn't be more boring. Fitzgerald's entire life's work is utter garbage."
Not as much of a great read as lead to believe.  Long and drawn out.  Found it very very boring
"It had been 40 years since I had read the Great Gatsby and I had an 8 hour drive, so I took this edition out of the library. If anything can make an 8 hour drive seem even more interminable, this is it. Tim Robbins' rendition is simply terrible. Each character other than the narrator, Nick Carraway, is a caricature as might be performed by a high school drama class or perhaps John Belushi, Dan Ackroyd Chevy Chase and Gilda Radner in a spoof of the novel. Find another audio version or read the book - if you listen to this version you will certainly be bored and irritated."
"I have heard it said that The Great Gatsby is the best novel ever written by an American author.  I find this assertion to be absolutely preposterous.  I don't even think that The Great Gatsby is Fitzgerald's best work.The book, though masterfully crafted as are all of Fitzgerald's stories, fails to make a personal connection with me in any way.  I have no sympathy for Jay Gatsby and in my opinion all the characters in this book are arrogant, rich stuck up snobs, who have nothing better to do than be caught up in the cruel pettiness of their own lives.Perhaps I am giving my review of this book too much of a Marxist slant, it is possible that someone else may become more emotionally involved in this novel than I did.  Obviosuly, the book has had a popularity and a staying power that I just simply cannot explain, but before reading The Great Gatsby I urge everyone to think about the Socio-economic standing of Fitzgerald's characters before labelling this the Great American Novel."
"Attempting to descibing this book is like trying to explain what makes something art. Every word is so carefully chosen, each element so  intricately interwound, you can't help but feel your also glimpsing into  Fitzgerald's very essence as you thumb the pages. While I'm not going to  review the plot, it's actually a simple story of love's power and the human  desire to be more than we are. The real strength is the way Fitzgerald  draws you into a world of the bored rich and let's you see every detail  through the eyes of the narrator. Gatsby himself is the essence of a tragic  fugure.  So rich, so powerful, yet even he can't have it all.  Maybe my  love for this book comes from my identification with Gatsby.  How he was  determined to become successful and acheived his goal. Read this book, read  it slowly, savor the language like it is a fine port.  So many things  happen at once, you need to move through it carefully, so you don't miss  any nusances. Finally, I noticed that many other ""reviewers"",  mostly pimple faces high school kids, absolutely hated the book.  Don't be  fooled.  There is nothing boring about here.  I read it in High School, I'm  now an attorney, and absolutely loved it even then.  The book is just too  rich to be appreciated by many kids who refuse to take the time to look  below the surface.  They want a fast plot, simple language and an exciting  story.  That's all they are capable of handling since they are exposed to  crap like ""Armageddon"" and ""Titanic."" Anyone who didn't  care for the book is just showing their own shortcomings and lack of  intelligence. This book is incredible."
"I read ""The Great Gatsby"" in high school, and now 20+ years later.  I still don't get what makes this book so highly acclaimed.  As a Christian, I do not condone the adulterous affairs portrayed in the novel, one character beating his girlfriend, nor the rumored illegal means by which Gatsby earned his wealth.  Perhaps if I didn't care about those things, I would have felt more favorably about Gatsby and the other characters.I did find the narrator, Nick Carraway, somewhat likable.  Nick observes all the immorality around him, and he seems to keep himself from being sucked into the abyss; however, his being seeing as an outsider was likely due to his modest means compared to most others in the story.  I was happy to see Nick had a sense of honor about him and his chosen profession of selling bonds.  It seems his independence separated him from the filthy rich, but he was friendly enough that people entrusted him with their secrets."
"I know F Scott Ftizgerald was suppose to be a great writer, but I found this book very boring and a lot of rubbish The characters were not interesting at all. I would not waste money on it."
"terrible story. Bad author. I hated all the characters. This is a classic? Classic garbage. Just because things are old or well-known, doesn't mean they are worthwhile."
"I was intially enthusiastic that I had found time to read the ""great American novel"" and the definitive work of the 20th century, Fitzgerald's ""The Great Gatsby"". Much to my disappointment I found nothing more than an a superficial plot based mostly on descriptions  of the 1920's. Fitzgerald succesfully caught the spirit of the 20's so if  you're looking to get a feel for that era this would be a good book to  read, on the other hand if you're looking for a grand literary work, there  is a lot more out there. Fitzgerald's characters are shallow and  unidentifiable, his plot weak and slow-moving to an extent which becomes  tiresome even though the book is relatively short. Fitzgerald is not an  author but rather a social historian, something apparent in other of his  works, such as ""Bernice bobs her hair"". So if it's insight on the  20's you want, this should be great, but it falls short of anything else  it's reputation demands."
"I finished the No. 2 novel in a much shorter time than I finished the No. 1 novel (Ulysses).  The Great Gatsby was a very short and readable novel, that didn't confuse your mind with incomprehensible jumble of psychedelic words pasted together to make a nice literary mosaic (still hammering on Ulysses).  The Great Gatsby provided a nice window for looking at the pre-depression era of the 1920s lifestyle on the east coast, and also portrayed a vibrant narrative of a love-stricken psychotic fool within all of us given the right circumstances.  The culmination of related events at the end is well worth the minimal effort required to read this book.  Because it was such a short novel, I would recommend it for light reading, but would not rate it No. 2 all time."
"If you're thinking of buying the Great Gatsby (a classic example of the literature elite trying to cram a book down the people's mouths as a ""classic""), read the yellow pages instead.  It is that  moving.With so many truly great books out there (anything by Vonnegut,  Catcher in the Rye, anything by Voltaire, etc.), why waste your time on  this?"
Least favorite story line.
No content. Play party. I like books with more plot. Some of the old books should be buried. No thanks to that one.
"Great American novelists such as Francis Fitzgerald himself are known world wide for their intelligent works.  I decided to read his book, The Great Gatsby to find that it was a mistake.  I usually enjoy reading challenging books, however, this book was far from challenging. I moaned and whined when it was time to read it, yet I kept reading to see if it got better.  Reading The Great Gatsby was a great waste of my time. This novel has a handful of very complex characters.  Many who disguise themselves until the very end.  Tom and Daisy Buchanan are mainly a spoiled rich couple who need nothing but money to live.  They ruin lives and do not think of the consequences of their actions because of their social status of where they live. Nick who is the narrator and that is hard to see until 40 or so pages into the book is good at contradicting himself.  He makes several remarks that he is the most honest man he has ever known yet, he lies about a web of rumors about an engagement to everyone except Jordan Baker.  The ""great"" Gatsby turns out to be a great let down.  The readers find out that Gatsby and Daisy had a relationship going until the war calls Gatsby out.  Daisy then finds ""untrue"" love with Tom, this makes Gatsby's life miserable even though he is rich and powerful.  His power leads to the unbelievable ending of this book. The book has a basic plot which the world lives on and society thrives on everyday.  It puts the status versus happiness cliché into a realistic perspective.  The affair between Tom and Myrtle also is realistic in the main events between those two characters also.  Even though Myrtle plays a minor role in this book she is the main reason for the ending. I did not enjoy this book very much, however, people who like to compare social status and power should enjoy this book a great deal.  I would recommend this book to anyone who thinks money, power and fame is everything."
"Response to literature is a matter of taste and taste is often a matter of experience. Those who haven't read much (and widely) are less likely to be able to discriminate between what is significant and what is not. But even  experience and an open mind do not guarantee a positive response to every  classic. I always wanted to like The Great Gatsby because it was one of  those books in the canon of accepted 'great' American books, but repeated  attempts at the book still leave me cold. I don't find anyone in the novel  to care for and if one doesn't care about the characters, one doesn't care  what happens to them.'Gatsby', I think, is a minor book about very  shallow people. Fitzgerald's language seems, to me, overblown and almost,  at times, adolescent. I think it is significant as a document - a  historical marker for a period in American history - but not as a great  work of art, or of entertainment."
"Great book, ugly edition."
"Since the movie with Leonardo DiCaprio is coming out soon,  the hype for this book will build again. I read it and did not like it at all.  The author's descriptive skills are fine.  He really can describe a hot summer where you can feel the sweat on the characters.  My problem with the book is the subject matter.  Rich snobs behaving badly. Oh my God, who cares!!! I wish more of the characters would have died.  They all deserved it.  These type of books are popular with the lemmings who wish they were rich, and so badly want the lifestyle of the rich and famous.  I would stereotype these people as ones who also dream of living inside a J Crew catalog.  Pul...eease!  Our American society is materialistic enough as it is.  This book only makes me mad."
"I really thought this was going to be pretty interesting. But I was wrong. the book was kind of boring and it didn't seem complete. it was all about parties and stuff. It was also sort of vague. I felt as though I didn't know any of the characters. I just got a very brief history. I couldn't grasp them. This is the first time I have ever encountered this. This book was just plain boring. And yes, I did finish it, for those who read my 'Brothers Karamazov' review and hated it. But, I will not give up on Fitzgerald. I soon plan on reading 'This Side of Paradise,' or 'The Beautiful and the Damned.' Hopefully they will be more interesting than this one."
"I was forced to read this in Junior High School.  I felt then and still do that it is inappropriate for anyone younger than 25 years old., and maybe not even then.  I protested reading this to both teacher and parent.  It wasn't until my Mother read it that she agreed and went to bat against it being presented in anyone not in college.  I so disliked this book that while I read it and passed the tests involved, I cannot remember anything about it except that I found it disgusting.  I do not recommend it to anyone of any age.  It was not one of F. Scott Fitzgerald's better books.  If it had been possible, I would have only given it 1/10th of a star."
"Sucked!  Here are the shortcomings of this book in my opinion:1. No pictures.  Its hard to understand a story without pictures.  A hint to Mr Fitzgerald if he ever plans to make a living as a writer!2  Gatsby was in love with this girl Daisy who, In my opinion wasn't very nice.  The author should have put nice people in his book who make their money honestly and treat each other nicely.  Nobody was very nice in this book!3.  The book was total rip off of a movie I saw a few years ago.  They weren't the same, but pretty darn close.Do yourself a favor and don't read this book.  See the movie."
"Beautifully written, with careful, flowing language that, despite that, couldn't make me like it.  Stupid, shallow characters that drove me insane (seriously, why was that woman sobbing over shirts?  Or was it 'symbolic'?), and a plot that annoyed me.  Seriously, if I wanted to read about a bunch of drunken, entitled rich prigs and their secret, snooty hidden world, I'd pick up one of the local gossip rags."
Are you people stupid? This is one of the best books ever written
"I don't even think I will see the movie.  The characters are flaccid, the book hardly moves ahead and it doesn't deal with the milieu of the era."
... by the American author...PLEASE KNOW HOW TO WRITE CORRECTYWRITE A GREAT REVIEW FOR A GRET BOOKcuz uncorrect grammer ll only getcha in alot of trubl.
"F. Scott Fitzgerald was the author of ""The Great Gatsby.""  Fitzgerald was born in 1896.  An interesting fact is that he was named after his ancestor who wrote the ""Star-Spangled Banner"".  He was an underachiever when he was in high school but he was intelligent.  He did, however, end up going to Princeton University, though he didn't graduate from there.  He instead enrolled in the army in 1917.  Events in Fitzgerald's life inspired him to write his most famous book, ""The Great Gatsby.""  Fitzgerald died of a heart attack in 1940.The most controversial situation in ""The Great Gatsby"" was the disfunctional marraige between Tom and Daisy Buchanan.  Tom was interested in a girl in New York.  Daisy even knew that Tom was having an affair but she tried to love him anways.  She figured that she had to because she had a baby on the way and Tom was the only life she knew.Jay Gatsby lives across the bay from Daisy.  Every night, from across the bay, Gatsby watches Daisy's greenlight on her porch.  Gatsby and Daisy used to love each other before Gatsby went off to war.  Gatsby's absence left Daisy lonely and she married Tom.  Gatsby wanted Daisy back.  He tried to live the ""American Dream.""  He thought this dream would bring his love back to him.  Daisy, however, never heard of Gatsby's return until she was invited over to a lunch which he ""happened"" to be at.  The luncheon caused Daisy and Gatsby's love to rekindle and they began to have an affair.Tom found out about the affair and he was furious with Daisy.  He knew he was having an affair himself, yet he still had the nerve to tell Daisy she was wrong.  Tom thought Daisy should be a faithful wife to him.  This was the main conflict which caused all the problems to arise throughout the novel.This conflict really caught my attention.  I felt for Daisy as she was still living the life when her husband was with another woman. I can't imagine the pain she was going through and how hard it must have been to continue to be with him. When Daisy started seeing Gatsby, I did not think she was doing the right thing.  Two wrongs don't make a right.  That was the feeling I had throughout the book, hurt for the way the Buchanan's chose to live their lives.  Their life of cheating, lying, pretending, and settling for less then the best.  I felt this way because I know there are people who really live their lives this way and I wish no one would have to go through that pain.  This book has a very strong and lasting impact on the reader."
"Even George Bush can fake a better southern accent!  Lest ye be fooled by the acclaimations that Robbins has been awarded for his acting/directing: A narrator he is not.  Makes me wonder if he had ever read the book before embarking on this job.  The main character/voice of the book is read so fast that details are lost, and every voice in the book has about as much personality as a chirping prairie dog. I couldn't even sit through the whole thing it was so tedious.  To think that an audio book would be more tedious than actually reading a book.  Stick to movies Mr. Robbins and hopefully you will never ruin another American classic!  I recommend skipping this one."
"Amazon has the best prices for books and that is why I order from here.I have always had a good experience; book comes in great condition, great packaging, and in 2 business days, free with AmazonPrime :)My sister needed it for school and this was cheaper than Borders and BN.  And it was the same thing.What more can I say?"
"Many people read this as required for literature class. I was lucky to have avoided that.  This book is a classic only in that it has aged.  There is much better modern reading available to us, thank goodness.  Although I don't recommend this book to anyone, at least it provides me a measure for greater books than itself."
The book itself was a good read but the book itself had pages that were printed upside down. There were several pages of the book that was not originally attached to the book but was placed inside the book to compensate for the pages that was printed upside down. I must say that I am highly disappointed in amazon!
"There were too many characters; it was hard to understand. Gatsby was an interresting fellow.  Gatsby's parties sounded fun.  It tells you about all the cool things that happened in the jazz age.  ""I dont care what the  rest of the class says I liked it"""
"This book has over 1000 reviews. There is, essentially, nothing that I can say that has not already been said.The novel is nice, well-written, and an enjoyable read. The characters are all plausible, believable, and entertaining. They are all three-dimensional, and none of them are useless. The book is extremely well-written, and I would recommend it to just about anyone. I wouldn't call it flawless, though.Perhaps because of the hype, perhaps because it lacks some sort of jenais se quas, I can't quite bring myself to give this book five stars.B+Harkius"
"I bought this for my daughter because it was on her summer reading list.  I'm honestly noe sure why this is so highly rated in ""Amrican Literature"".  While its well written, the story is depressing, the characters are shallow and I thought it was a boring read."
"Having read this book in my I was curious to see how it held up all these years later. I selected this edition based on the book description in the Kindle store. Unfortunately, the text is a light grey and barely legible. Having started, I find myself stopped."
F. Scott Fizgerald took inspiration from his wife Zelda. He wrote an essay that explains how the various colors relate both to her and to the important themes in his novels. The Great Gatsby is the perfect distallation of these themes and codes.
What a boring book
"I know I will get blowback for this review, but I did not enjoy this book. I love reading, and lately I've been trying to mix in a classic every few books. Well the Great Gatsby came up on my list, and I am very disappointed despite all the hype. F. Scott Fitzgerald nailed the roaring twenties, but the read was so dull. I got all the themes, but it was just boring. Thankfully it is only around 180 pages so I only took a few hours to finish it."
All I can review this book on is the shipping of the book. It arrived earlier than expected and the book was in good enough condition. My granddaughter had to have it for school so I ordered it for her.
in this book you have to pay attention to every single little thing if you skip over one page your lost not knowing what's happening. I had to read this for a book project but I'll never read it again
"This wasn't a good book in my opinion. It left too much out in the open and I could never fully understand it. It just never caught my attention, until towards the ending. But by then it was too late."
I read the book before I went to see the movie with my girlfriend.  I found the story no worse or better than many books I have read from current authors.  Just don't see what all the rave is about
"This book was okay but confusing in that I can't for the life of me see how it deserves all the praise heaped on it. No way is it up to Steinbecks standard. It was told in the first person by a character called Nick Carraway who, it must be said, is a very boring character.The others in the book seem SO two dimensional. It was an okay book though, just like a thousand others on the shelves."
I gave it to my daughter who wanted to re-read it and the print is WAY TOO SMALL. if there was a rating for NO stars- that would be my rating!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"I got this book because they were making a movie from it and I thought that it would be great. I was very mistaken. I need to be captured in the first few chapters and this was such a slow starter that I completely took it off my Kindle. It may pick up later in the book, but I was very disappointed in the first few chapters."
Whoever doesn't like this book is dead. Or else they should be shot on sight. Because people who don't like this book are the kind of people who in the book destroyed Gatbsy and his dream. You're all a bunch of f-----g slaves!
Hollywood did a good job on the movie considering the book was very vague about how Gatsby earnt his money.  I would have liked more of that detail.
"I have not gotten the book. Im not impressed with the seller. I'm very this appointed with this  hole process. I ordered 4 books in all, and I got 3 out off 4. But only that i was charged for 4 additional books that i dont need. I'm very disappointed.  Ill think twice before ill order again."
Seriously - am I the only person in the world that thinks that The Great Gatsby is a load of rubbish.  Utterly bored from beginning to end.  I only persisted because I have been told by so many people what a 'great book' it is.  The only redeeming feature is Gatsby's fate!
"not sure what or which is the more / most vacuous . . . the characters, the style, the plot or the writer himself.  save yourself some time and watch ants crawl around or contemplate the ceiling fan.  Overwrought, overwritten.  At some point, you gotta care about the author or the events or at least one of the characters, for God's sake.  This stuff is dated today and I think at the time it was trite and tripe, both.  Like the Emperor's New Clothes, someone ought to speak the truth about this boring piece which is, most decidedly, not a great work of art."
It is very American. Not really my stile but ok to read just to see this particular authors. In a way inside of an American writing.
This book was not as bad as I thought it was going to be. It was able to hold my interest. I want to read more books by this author.
"Never read it before but don't know what all the hype is about.  Not a likeable character is the whole saga and, in my opinion, not that well written.  Total waste of time ."
"Written entirely for the academic crowd, especially those who think only good prose comes from using several more words in writing sentences than is necessary."
"For a great American classic, The Great Gatsby isn't too impressive.  While perfect reading for an english class, this book just doesn't have too much going for it for most contemporary readers.  Fitzgerald stuffed as  much symbolism as possible into such a short book, and gave us a pretty  good picture of ""the roaring twenties,"" but it was overall pretty  boring and pointless.  I think that this, like The Catcher in the Rye, is  one of those books where either you love it or you hate it.The ending to  Gatsby was amazing, and really worked to fit the whole thing together, but  for me the book itself was just a dreadful waste of time to read.  I'd  recommend skipping this one."
BORING
Was all written and highlighted which made it really hard to read. Got really annoying reading after first couple pages ended up not even reading it.
"Disappointing.  Not sure why this is considered such a ""classic""."
"I didnt like how the story wastold by the one main character, he was a little full of himself and not very forthcomming with the story"
"I thought that the book The Great Gatsby was decedent.  There were some things I liked about the book but more things I didn't like about the book.  It seemed like too much of the same thing happened, with the affairs and then the deaths. The Characters were one of the things I enjoyed about the book.  That was probably the only thing I enjoyed about it.  Nick Carraway, he was the narrator, the thing that I didn't like about him was he claims to be objective.  Throughout the whole book he isn't objective at all he always seems to judge others.  To me Jay Gatsby was my favorite character.  He started out poor and left his love to go to Vietnam and then he came back and worked hard to try to get her back.  He became a millionaire.  He always threw the most amazing parties and he just seemed like the man.  All of the other characters I didn't like that much daisy tom Myrtle, and Daisy. The things that I didn't like about the book were there was too many affairs.  I understand that there are a lot of affairs that take place in the real world but I don't think you need to have that many affairs in one book.  I also don't like how Nick left Jordan at the end and he just went back because things got too weird and complicated.  I also don't like how Gatsby dies at the end and I thought when Myrtle died that was a little cheesy.  I mean she died by Gatsby car running over her. I couldn't stand that at all.  I also didn't like how Daisy didn't wait for Gatsby; I mean if they were in love you think she would wait for him. I gave the book a bad review because to me the book didn't seem to keep my interest for a long period of time.  I also think that the book just wasn't a type of book I like to read."
You'll get your fill of fatcats and flappers in this period piece.
"Liked the story, but hated this copy.  The text was way too small.  Did not even use this book.  Used another.  Waste of money."
"sometime in my youth this was required reading.  It left little impression on me, so I figured I had missed the point or something.  I reread it in case I decided to see the movie.  I can't imagine why high schoolers continue to be subjected to this book."
"Stupid story about rich folk with too much time on their hands.  Hardly worthy of ""Great American Novel"" accolades.  Zero empathy for any character....and I'm from Long Island.  Folks I knew were far more interesting than these vacuous ones."
"The book ""The Great Gatsby"" by F. Scott Fitzgerald is a piece of literature that shows that man has a chance at success and fortune and/or a chance at a solid relationship. Money and success in a goal for the ambitious, and F. Scott Fitzgerald hit this hard. However, the 3 out of 5, is because this book is lacking in excitement and adventure. This book is for the people that enjoy detailed parties and a man looking for a future. But, I had to give credit where credit is due. Fitzgerald is a brilliant writer, although he writes with a style that; leaves you to organize the event.These events will determine if you will trust the character Jay Gatsby in the end. I hope you will enjoy this book more then I did."
"This book totally confuses me i'm supposed to do an art project on it and i have no idea what to do. The book had so many drags, why did the author use his symbols.  What happened really at the end? And can some one give me  an art project to do/"
"I hated this book when I read it in high school in 1962 and thought I'd read it again as an adult to see if my opinion changed. It hasn't. I still feel that writing about these two self centered people who care nothing for anyone but themselves is a waste of pen and paper. I did appreciate the art deco visuals and can understand why the movie will be a success. I'm not going but I saw the trailers and it seems that the producer made excellent use of Fitzgerald's elaborate 1930's art deco visuals. I'm still at a loss as to why it is sometimes called a classic. It can't compare with To Kill A Mockingbird, Of Mice and Men, Jane Eyre,  Picture of Dorian Grey or any of the ""real"" American classics."
"F. Scott Fitzgerald's timeless classic of the Gilded Age, The Great Gatsby is the tale of Jimmy Gatz, and his desire to achieve status in the upper class.  His love for Daisy Buchanan is his only guiding star, but Daisy has married another.  Narrated by Nick Carraway, this book takes the reader on a whirlwind journey through the aristocracy of America.I enjoyed this book quite a bit.  It has a lot of literary genius, but it does get a bit confusing at times; the humour more than makes up for it, though.  It's a relatively short book, and you have to read it all in one go, or you'll lose track of characters.  All in all, I would recommend this book to anyone--except kids."
It was not the Cornell Edition cover that was originally photographed with this edition. Great that they refunded me and let me keep the copy that was sent. British version of Great Gatsby…..is that the same translation as English!?!?!?
not bad
The audio CD arrived in good shape and in a timely manner.  It arrived before its expected delivery date.  It was in good shape and had good sound.  The product description on Amazon before I purchased it was accurate.
"Gosh, what can I say about The Great Gatsby.  This classic book, written by F. Scott Fitzgerald, was a required novel that I had to read for my Introduction to the Novel class.  It is a story about a man that discovers that he wants so much more in life than most people had.  He wanted success, wealth, and a trophy wife.  Put in the lovely Daisy Buchanan, the woman in which Jay Gatsby found his love of wealth and his love for her.  However, to thicken the plot, Daisy is already married to the cold, hard Tom Buchanan.  When Tom finds out about the affair between Daisy and Jay, he throughs a fit in a deluxe suite at the Plaza Hotel.  But what does Tom have to complain about, he is also engaged in an affair with his mistress, Myrtle.  It is through Myrtle's early death that Jay Gatsby's life also ends in sorrow.  One pitiful scene occurs before Gatsby's death, he is waiting outside Daisy and Tom's bayside home, dressed in a pink suit, hiding in the shadows in case some emotional fireworks go off.  The Great Gatsby is a fine classic, and it is quite thought provoking about life in the 1920's and today.  No small wonder that my English professor wanted the class to read this novel.  Even though we are a small class of six people, we certainly had about to say about The Great Gatsby."
"It was after seeing Modern Library's top 100 novels of the 20th century that I decided to read ""The Great Gatsby"" (No. 2). However, I really don't see why this book has been so highly overrated. Maybe I got my hopes so high before starting to read it, or maybe it is only to Americans that this book apeals, being written in a period that historically has been important to them. Apart from that, I really fail to see all the fuss surrounding this book. None of the characters carry a unique personality, nor the interaction between them is anything special. It is not an inspirational book by any stretch of imagination, and it's really absurd to regard this novel as the second best novel ever written in the 20th century."
"Though it starts off slow (like most novels) and doesn't have a lot of descriptive detail, which I like, the characters and rest of the story are well done.  I thought the theme and underlying message (i.e., image & materialsm don't equate happiness) was good.  When reading the one review where the guy says he identifies w/Gatsby, I chuckled, thinking, 'Must be a doctor or lawyer' and wouldn't you know, he was a lawyer.  What is it about these 2 professions?  Maybe they're in their occupations for the shallow prestige and phony status, similiar to what Fitzgerald talked about.  Enough of my ranting.  Overall I'd say it was a good and worthwhile read."
"...I found myself engrossed.  The Great Gatsby was a mystery to behold - a strong feeling of knowing better, but an unwillingness to admit so much.  Like Nick, I was taken in by his charms and stories and did want to believe the best of him.After letting the book soak in I am convinced Gatsby was not the main character though, but that Nick was.  It was as though what Nick told of other people was in a way a direct portrait of the narrator.I have a very warm feeling, finishing this book and will probably seek out more of the author's work."
"The Great Gatsby  Published in 1925, The Great Gatsby had a certain amount of success, fulfilling F. Scott Fitzgerald's expectations and promoting an authorial pride within him. Years later, while being read by a different generation, Fitzgerald's novel exclaims a different effect. With a tense plot and extreme characters, The Great Gatsby produces a complete grip upon its readers but as the character moves through his summer complications, one can witness Fitzgerald's desperation to create a novel.  Set in Long Island, New York, F. Scott introduces a decent but uninteresting man, Nick Caraway, who decides to visit a second cousin but instead, becomes entangled in the past, present and future interactions of this woman's life. By not emphasizing Nick's personality, Fitzgerald helps the reader to focus on everyone else's. The second cousin, Daisy Buchanan, and her husband, Tom, endures a pressured marriage as he commits adultery. Aware of her husband's disloyalty, Daisy only bothers to disguise her knowing. This opens the novel to theories of immoral behaviour and irony. For Nick's neighbour, Jay Gatsby, happens to be the past love of Daisy and is set on returning her to himself. F. Scott. gives his title character an obsessive yet submissive personality that revolves around Mrs. Buchanan. At certain points within the novel, this can become an annoyance. Gatsby's persistence on obtaining Daisy's affection only causes him damage. Such a plot can induce a reaction from the reader which deserves some praise until Fitzgerald forgets to place a period.  Eventually the novel climaxes with tension and complication. Had Fitzgerald not involved such a tense plot with his writing, the novel would've been an actual bore. His constant babbling and unnecessary explanations can lead one into a deep sleep. Though he was unable to write without ranting on, Fitzgerald does deserve to be complimented on his diversion of personality and East Egg versus West Egg (old rich vs. new) dilemma; a diversion from the all too cliched rich vs. poor. Unfortunately the ending suffers most because it was too verbose. Fitzgerald leaves no suspense, which to some can be a good thing, but it takes too long to get to the results of the climactic events, thus one slowly becomes disappointed.  The Great Gatsby is an otherwise decent novel; not to be called a great American classic, rather a book good when produced during its time. Fitzgerald had struggled in his production and caused ruin to the word format. His ideas, however, were of good enough quality, maybe what suffices for it to be called a great novel; then again, Bukowski also holds that title."
"I recommend, as an alternative, ""The South Beach Diet."""
Got a wrong book.....
"This is the unfortunate case of the reputation making the novel, rather than the other way around.  I found ""the Great Gatsby"" very dissapointing.  Its said to be the greatest American novel of all time, yet I found it largely uninteresting and poorly written (in light of its reputation, that is).  The characters are not dymanic, and the novel's apparent focus -- that the wealthy, petty, aloof inhabitants of both East and West Egg are interchangeable -- is made evident during the first chapter.  The novel centers on a host of blase characters - Gatsby chief among them -- whose lavish parties are attended by strangers, and whose funerals are attended by nobody.This is not the ""Great American Novel"" - actually, its far too short to qualify as a NOVEL. Novella, maybe. Limerick, more like it. only limericks are at least amusing.Theme One: Old money, new money, the perceived difference in the have's and have more's.  Whether East Egg, West Egg or Fried Egg, its nothing more than a distinction without difference.  I found the same message in Dr. Seusss's story of the Sneeches - and at least that rhymed.Theme 2: You can't escape the past.  Thanks, Nostradummy. The past repeats itself. Much like Fitzgerald's tired themes and characters.Theme 3: Love = jealousy.  There is no great romance here.  This much is evident when Gatsby admits to Daisy that it is not her love that he desires, but for to have loved no other, even in the past.  The much-lauded green light at the end of the dock?  Just another symbol of petty jealousy, not the sign of ""hope"" as some commentators believe.But is not the bland characters that make this novel unworthy of its reputation; it is the fact that the characters are fully fleshed out by page 20, and remain static throughout the remainder of the novel.  Read Dr. Seuss instead. You'll read the same themes in the same amount of time, and if you're going to write on the level of a 6-year-old, you may as well do it intentionally."
"Unfortunately, this book is not what I ordered in several ways.  The quality of the book said ""very good"", but there is writing and underlining all through out the book.  The copyright of the book is 1925, which is much, much older than the one I thought I ordered and definitely not the same as the one pictured here.  Lastly, the original book price is right on the cover for $1.25, but the charge for the book was $6.14.  Very disappointed..."
"To understand the book, it's a good idea to understand the meaing behind colors and to identify the pages where the colors appear and how they correlate with the books content and overall message. This is not a novel that is simply an enjoable read. Constant analyzation and understanding is needed throughout the process of reading it. Only after understanding does the novel become a literary classic and icon."
"Great Gatsby is required reading often in college, but why in the world did my book club choose to read it? We all have masters degrees and above and are all teachers or retired teachers and we had no clue what was going on in this renowned book. It was short and wordy. That is amazing in itself when you think about it. I even knew the story from having read it in college and didn't understand much of what I was reading. I had to go on schmoop after (a great site with summaries of classic novels) to find out what I was reading. This is a classic but far from what I consider great reading. I guess I am going to stick to newer choices after reading this or see the movie when it comes out in December."
no understandin
"This book is so good. It is a wonderful story of wealth, dreams and love."
"I read this book only because I had to for a literature class...this book may be good for some. I have to talked with friends and things that have said that they enjoy it, however I had a hard time getting into it!However a side from all of that! It gives a great depiction of the Rolling 20's and the shallowness of all people.  I would recomend it to someone who loves to read about 10 books a week and wouldn't mind wasting their time to read one more. But as for me I didn't care for it!"
"i purchased this book for the cover. i wanted a nicer copy than the one i owned previously. the book i received was not the yellow and gold embossed cover pictured, but grey, very worn, and not at all what i wanted. the only good thing about this experience was how fast i received the item."
"This book was so hard to get through.  I have a friend who loves the book and did a major project on it in college.  I thought it was empty and meaningless, the reading was difficult in some places for no apparent reasons other than to be difficult, the ending was awful, and it was totally depressing.  Plus I had just finished a really wonderfully written uplifting book, so that may have tainted my opinion of this one."
"""My daughter in high school is reading this for a class. She started telling me about it one evening. I decided to give it a shot. Didn't like it much at all. Not my sort of read and quite honestly can't believe it's so popular. I am anxious, however, to watch the movie. I'm rather surprised that the high school is allowing these students to read this book when it is filled with infidelity, lies, corruption and greed."""
"The Great Gatsby by F. Scott FitzgeraldFor my report I really didn't know what book to read, I asked around and one answer I got was to read the Great Gatsby. The person I asked had said they had never read the book but it was a really good movie. Since I have heard of this book before because it was a classic I decided to read it and I have to say I was not at all impressed. I decided that maybe the movie would improve on things, but I soon realized that this also was not all it was cracked up to be.I thought that the book's basic plot was really good and interesting, but the problem with the book was that it didn't always follow the basic plot. This book was about a past love between Jay Gatsby and Daisy Duchanan trying to rekindle itself many years later, but there is only one problem, Daisy is already married to a man who is cheating on her with a girl from New York. Yes this sounds very intriguing, and it is, but this was only the story for a little more that half the book. The other half was the cousin of Daisy, Nick Carraway (teller of the story) telling about a party he went to, or what his backyard looked like, or the weather that day. What I am saying is that the tangents Nick went off on took away from the attention of what was really going on in the story.The fact that it was told by Nick was a weird point of view to lay the story out at. It is difficult to tell a love story from the point of view from neither of the lovers. You can never really tell what they're thinking, which either adds to the suspense of the story or, takes away a lot of detail.The book also left so many unanswered questions, one in particular being: where did Gatsby get all his money? He said that it was inherited from a man he was with at sea who died, but later tells us that most of it was wasted in the panic of the war. All we can infer is that he was gaining all this money through something illegal; drugs maybe, but never really know exactly what he was doing. This is not to say this is a bad book completely, just a very slow paced book in which most action takes place the last 70 pages about. This book is more for people who are into quiet romance novels and are very patient in their reading, in other words, for people who aren't me. Even though it seems like I spent the last paragraph trashing the book I would like to make it clear that I didn't hate it, I just didn't really like it either. It did have its moments though, just not as many as I would have liked.The movie didn't improve on things. It mirrored the book exactly, scene by scene. I can honestly say I don't think they had a sentence out of place. It is like, if you saw the movie, you practically read the book. Not like in other movies such as ""I Know What You Did Last Summer"" where once you've seen it, you still don't know what the books about. This really surprised me because for such a short book (189 pages) it was a long movie (2 hours and so). This was mainly because of how much they stuck to the book, which I think wasn't the smartest thing to do. I think some of the scenes they included where a little stretched out rather than just getting to the point. Like the scene where Daisy and Gatsby meet again for the first time in many years. They just sat there for a while, then walked around a bit and talked in a very drone voice.This brings me to another case about the movie, the acting. The parts of Daisy and Jordan (a good friend of Daisy and Nick) were very either over dramatized or under dramatized. Daisy is supposed to be calm, with a soothing voice. Instead they made her constantly shaking and her voice always in a quiver. The part of Jordan, who was supposed to be jaunty and full of life, walked slowly and spoke with a monotone voice. The movie did however clear up a few parts in the book that were confusing to me. When I read a certain part I didn't really understand what had just happened but the movie is able to show you rather than just describing it.In conclusion for those of you who enjoy faster paced books, this isn't for you. I would recommend this to romance readers who are very patient with their reading. This book is obviously not for everybody but I have asked more people and got good responses about this book so all I can say now is read at your own risk."
"I am not certain why this book is considered a classic. There's not one likeable character to relate to. Selfish, self-involved, shallow people. The first half was rough going to read through. The second half, a little better. I found this very disappointing after hearing for so long that it was a must-read. So many other more special books to spend one's time with."
"Yeah right.I know this is a ""classic"" and a required read for any person not spending their life under a rock but quite frankly, its terribly overrated.This tale of the ""American Dream"" is really nothing more than people who will do anything they can to get rich.It's a tale of snobby people during the jazz age and all their affairs and problems.Just because a book is consideed a classic doesn't make it good.I'm very sorry if I have offeneded anyone who read and enjoyed this book but I don't see what the big deal is.A waste of time and money, please don't read this unless your one of those old people who never smile and drink little cups of tea with their pinky sticking out.In the words of the mighty Dennis Miller ""That's just my opinion, I could be wrong..."" But I'm not."
"I was VERY upset to cind that it wasnt the real book. i feel like i waisted much  need money. Maybe if it would have said it on the front or in description , that would be very helpful."
"I read this book for class and thought that it was a very interesting look at a group of completely different and their relationships, which eventually becomes tragic."
"I was pretty disappointed. Couldn't read the book because it was missing the first 6 pages. I know I bought a Used book, but this was not ""Acceptable."""
"You know how in the movie ""Silver Linings Playbook"" when Bradley Cooper's character finishes Farewell to Arms he yells ""WTF?"" and throws the book THROUGH the window? That's how I felt about Gatsby. I just don't get it."
"How this is an American classic, I will never know.  The book is short and barely has any character development.  You don't route for anyone nor really care about finding about anybody's back story - including Gatsby himself.  The book does do an ok job of portraying that ""rich, post-World War I, 1920s era apathy generation"" but the problem with portraying apathy is that your readers are going to be apathetic.  There is one part of the book that has some ""action"" in it but it's so shoe horned in for the sole purpose of rapping up the story that it's almost unbelievable.  For those that poo-poo Twilight for ""stalker"" type mentality of Edward, you have the same behavior in Gatsby as well.  I was very underwhelmed and feel sorry for the countless public school students who had to suffer through this book.  The one positive thing I can say is that it wasn't as boring as ""Wuthering Heights"". Final Grade - F"
I guess I missed the part about it being a cribsheet on the book.  Guess I get what I paid for.  Should just buy the real book at store instead.
"Although a bit dry in some sections, ""The Great Gatsby"" can  certainly qualify as one of the greatest novels in American literature."
"I haven't gotten to it yet which says something about my interest . . . or that I've got other books ahead of it.  I report, you decide."
It was never downloaded on my kindle.  So I have no exposure other than the commercials for the release of the movie.
"Boring, boring, boring.  The book didn't even get interesting for me until the last 10% of the book.  I really don't understand why people get so excited about this book."
"Very disappointed in this book, which is supposed to be a classic.  Did not even finish the book.  This will be my first and last experience with F. Scott FitzgeraldThe Great Gatsby"
"I really, honestly do not understand why this book is supposed to be a classic. True, it's a fairly nice love story, but there have been many better love stories written. The characters all seemed very one-dimensional to me, and the story was fairly dull. It's not a *bad* novel, but I cannot fathom why on Earth the Modern Library would rank in #2 on their top 100 list. I wouldn't have put it in the top 100. Or the top 1000, for that matter.If you want to read classic American lit, don't read the Great Gatsby - read Twain or Steinbeck or Salinger. Their worst books are probably better than this one."
I only read this book because the movie is coming out & I hadn't read it in school.  I really hated it.....it was impossible to understand most of the time & really boring.  I hope the movie is better or it will be a total flop.....mad I spent $8 on it.
Underwhelming!! Not sure why its a a classic.
"This is one of those books I felt I had to read because of the remake of the movie and being a ""classic"".  I was really glad when the story was over. I felt no depth in any of the characters and was not intrigued by his writing style."
"I am not put off by the somewhat ersatz formatting; I am not (or was not) a big F. Scott fan, so this is not dissimilar to reading beat poetry or jazz-age haiku.  Or perhaps because of the weird layout I'm really enjoying this work.  The closest I ever came to liking the guy was haunting around the old parts of the Grove Park Inn in Asheville, but for the $2.50 (US) admittance fee I might check out some of his other stuff as well.  Who knows.  At these prices y'all should be reading a lot more anyways."
"The book arrived in a timely manner.  The price was wonderful.  What wasn't so wonderful was all the handwritten notes throughout the book.  It made it difficult for my high schooler to focus on the author's actual writing because of the writing, underlined marks, notes in the margins, etc.  I wish the bookseller had stated the extra marks.  I would have picked a new book or maybe another vendor.  Guess I learned my lesson, you do get what you pay for."
"First let me start out by saying that I am a high school student who was forced to read this book during summer, which is the first downfall. The Great Gatsby is a story of a man, Jay Gatsby, who wastes his life away throwing parties, hoping his first love, Daisy, would maybe attend one of these parties. The narrator, Nick, finally meets Gatsby at a party and since Nick is Daisy's cousin, Nick is pulled into a plot that ends in a very tragic way. I was more interested in Nick than Gatsby or any of the other characters. Gatsby is a character that really isn't defined besides the fact that he loves Daisy. Also, along the way readers are introduced to characters at parties that have no signifigant role in the book. Another problem with The Great Gatsby was that it seemed to progress so slow. The plot didn't keep my attention like it should have. The ending is a little surprising but not enough that could redeem the rest of the book. Although this is a highly acclaimed book, I found out it's not a book for everyone."
I do not understand what made this book such a classic.  To me it was a lot about nothing; which is how the characters appeared to me; full of nothing; no morals; no character; just money.
"I had read this years ago, probably for HS required reading.  It was on A&E a few weeks ago and I was only able to watch the first half (this is the Robert Redford version, not the remake).  Well, instead of renting it I bought the book hoping to have it for my collection.  I reread it and the whole story just seemed a lot less gripping than I remembered it.  I'd resell the book but I got iced tea on some of the pages.  Oh well."
Nothing special
It was already written in. It had a name written across the book and was old. Not satisfied with product
"Such a great story, it its worth the time and money its now in my favorite list. I really recommend it."
"This is supposed to be an American classic? Personally, I've read better  children's books then this. It's boring, useless, and basically states that  rich people are boring, drunken snobs. The story went about no where, and I  can't believe I even wasted my time to read it. The writing style was good.  Imagine what he could of done if he had actually had a good idea for a  story."
I had to get this book for my son to read for school. He said it was okay but would not recommend it.
The book came in pretty fast and it was in a very good condition for being used. Happy with my order.
Found it boring and slow and really didnt like it at all! It was a chore getting through the book.
I have waited many years to read this classic. Glad now that have had the time to enjoy this book.
I really wanted to like this book i tried to read it multiple times but i just could get into it
I like this product. It was good. It really helped my life a lot. THank you for sending on time.
"I read this so I could compare it to the movie - OK story, and it should be a spectacular movie."
"Boring, boring, boring.  If a book doesn't capture my attention in the first five chapters, it isn't worth my time.  The great Gatsby was much too wordy and lost my attention many times.  Did not understand what it was about and it made no effort to enlighten me.  Wouldn't recommend it to anyone."
"Perhaps as a previous reviewer noted I missed some fundamental points of this novel. I hated it and couldn't stand the characters. I also couldn't help thinking of Su Tong's novella, Raise the Red Lantern. It takes place during the same time period, but in China. It's also about some wealthy individuals who make ruining other people's lives a sport. The difference is that Raise the Red Lantern is a much more interesting and suspenseful book."
"Hmm, looks like the literary critics got it wrong again when they pushed this book into the university reading lists. This is nothing more than an adequately written soap opera of a love triangle that ends in tragedy. I expected great writing; I found the author's writing to be merely adequate and the characters to be wooden. The story is of the lowest common denominator type: a sleazy romance that would have been equally at home in the Harlequin Romance series. The supposedly brilliant portrayal of the Jazz Age was anything but. I am a big twenties fan and know a good deal about the period and Fitzgerald certainly did not capture the feeling of the period for me. The twenties were about Jazz in New Orleans and Chicago, movies in Hollywood, hustle and bustle in Manhattan, not about some spoiled and bored people in Long Island who don't know what to do with themselves (how could anyone have been bored in the 1920's ???!!! There was a good reason why they called it the Jazz Age; it was exciting - to everyone but the clueless numbskulls in this novel). Daisy is supposedly irresistable; she comes across as the twenties version of a valley girl. Any grown man moronic enough to fall for her deserves what he gets. Gatsby is as wooden as any toy soldier.Why, oh why, do academics go crazy over these novels? I think it is because they spend so much time in academia that they have no sense of life outside of universities. I bet there really are professors out there who think that this is a daring, explosive novel. The rest of us, living less rarified lives, respond with a big yawn."
There were so many notes taken in this book It was almost unreadable.  The notes were very distracting and all over all of the pages.
"One of the better ""classics"" that I have read, and I have read quite a few, but still not a very enthralling book."
The book details say it is a Scribner edition.I needed the Scribner version for class.I received the Collin Classics version.USELESS.
"Forcing kids to read this in school is child abuse, hated this book and hated my teacher for requiring it ."
The way that FSF wrote made it very difficult for me to follow and understand what he was saying.  Everything was almost written philosphoically.  I had a hard time concentrating on the words written  because I simply lost interest in what was being said.  It wasn't exciting  enough to keep my attention.
"I had heard about this book a long time ago and knew that it was supposed to be one of the great ""classics,"" but I hadn't ever actually gotten around to reading it.  Well, recently a friend of mine reccommended it to me, saying that it was the best book he had ever read...so I finally decided to read it.  After finishing it last night, I was left with one question, ""What was all the fuss about?""  It's alright, I suppose, but why it's considered a classic I have no idea.  As a lover of history, I found it interesting as a commentary on the life and times of the 1920s, but at times I was left confused as to what was going on and found the plot line drab overall...There are some interesting ideas included, but they are very poorly developed.  Also, there are notes included in the book about how Fitzgerald was poor with geography and made a lot of errors that had to be revised later on.  If he couldn't even write a book on his own, why was it even published in the first place?  Bah!  I could take it or leave it, personally."
The movie was better in this case.
"This is one of my favorite books. The story takes place through the eyes of Nick basically an on looker.The era in which the book takes place is part of the attraction. It is the 20's and money is big. People are rich and notorious. Living in huge houses, throwing extravagent parties, and cheating spouces are common. Intertwined within all these themes is a tragic love affair. Written so elequently that the prose just flows off the pages."
"The Great Gatsby is a book about the upper class in New York. It shows you how luxurious life can be but also how money doesn't bring total happiness. In this book the main character Nick Carraway is trying to break away from his country background and finds himself living in New York. What this book shows  and what Nick finds out and doesn't like are the selfishness of the rich community, the backstabbing, and the shallowness in everybody. These are the reasons that Nick movies back to the country and marries his hometown sweetheart. In my opinion I didn't like this book for the same reason that Nick left to go back to the country. I thought it was a very difficult book to read because there was never any positive happening to these people and it moved at a slow pace. All the ladies in this book were selfish, shallow sluts who didn't care about  anyone but themselves. This is shown when Daisy Buchanan has an affair with Gatsby. At the end of the book, when it comes down to choosing who she wanted to be with, she pick her husband just because Tom could offer her security and the life style she is accustomed to, not for true love. The men are not any better. They are also shallow, careless, and like to take risks. For example, Tom Buchanan is having an affair with Myrtle Wilson. Myrtle is the wife of George Wilson who owns a garage in the Valley of Ashes. Tom keeps an apartment for her in the city during this book which is the scene of a rather wild party. Even though I didn't like this book there were still a few parts that I liked. I thought it was sort of sweet how Gatsby had a never-ending love for Daisy. Even though she didn't deserve the kind of love Gatsby gave her, the relationship was kind of a fairytale without a happy ending. I also thought the way Gatsby died was interesting. It was perfect timing for a death  because he never had to go through life suffering, knowing that Daisy his obsession, would never be with him. It was ironic that George Wilson was the one who shot Gatsby because Wilson thought Gatsby was the one who had an affair with and murdered his wife. In fact Gatsby did neither and the only one who came on top was Tom Buchanan, who was responsible for causing pain in both of the men's lives. All in all I didn't like this book. It was slow moving, boring, and depressing. If I had to recommend this book to a group of people, it would be to adults/teenagers with a lot of time on there hands or if you just like gossip."
Looking forward to reading it! Thanks!
American Classic. I love the cover art
"Yes, Dear Readers, it is I, Professor Emeritus Johnstone, Professor Emeritus of American History. This is, I, Professor Emeritus Johnstone, believe a classic of my time. I remember reading this to my biddy those cold midwinter nights  oh so long ago. We drank communion wine by the fire-pit and laughed at the foolish government agents as they tried to capture the nefarious rebel, Gatsby. Little did Gatsby know that shortly after, he would be exiled to Darkest India due to the evil government stooges. Alas, I, Professor Emeritus Johnstone, digress. All you young accidents who wish to major in that truly noble subject, American Literature, should read this amusing novel post-haste! The story is simple: Maibatsu (or Jay for short) Gatsby is a millionare-tyrant by day, fiendish anarchist by night. With the help of his dashing assistant/lover Daisy, they bring down the social and economic classes only to be foiled by the fiendish lout, Tom (Daisy's first husband) who is a two-timing secret agent. In the end (after a daring car chase) Gatsby and Daisy die in eachother's arms, ascending happily to Our Lord and Maker.Hark! It is near noon-mass time!Grouchily,Professor Emeritus Percy Q. JohnstoneProfessor Emeritus of American LiteratureDarkest India"
The cover looked terribly different
This is book is one of the best books I ever read. Fitzgerald's drunken mind was at its best in this one. The illustrated version is the best. I never knew women could even get in that position. Probably comes from the schitzopherenia...Pop Tarts will steal your atm card when you aren't looking! The bannana in this pie envies my cold stare. READ THE BOOK and save the Rice Krispies.
"I did not like the novel entitled ""The Great Gatsby"" very much.  I really found it disappointing, for before reading this book I thought it would be interesting enough to capture my attention. This did not happen because those parts that would be considered the climax were not interesting (I found theses scenes dull and predictable).Furthermore, I would like to say that most characters were not good at all.  I consider that some scenes, such as the one in which Daisy starts crying on  Gatsby's shirts, are meaningless (perhaps because  what these parts want to symbolise, is not clear enough).  Moreover, I think that the story should not have been told in the first person by Nick, because by doing this Fitzgerald gave no possibility of including an account of the emotional relationship between Gatsby and Daisy from the time of the reunion to the catastrophe.Finally, I would like to make clear that my opinion should not be taken as an insult towards Fitzgerald, who is a worldwide well-known writer, but as a personal comment in which I highlight what for me was wrong in the setting and development of ""The Great Gatsby""."
"for me it was a very hard novel ,one of my friend recommanded that as a great book.I didn't finish it"
"From reading reviews, it looks like I'm in the minority in being unimpressed with this book.  Maybe I just didn't get it, but I found this modern classic to be just plain boring.  The lives of upperclass Long Islanders in the 1920's was not interesting to me.  I'm not sure how people consider this to be one of the best books written--what about Tolstoy, Dickens, Dostoevsky, etc.?"
"As a much praised literary work of art, I must say, this book leaves much to be desired.  While it does depict a historically accurate and believable account of the 1920s, not one of the characters seems to be anything more that a superficial comsumer or partygoer.  Through the entire novel, Nick Carraway, our straighfoward, if not boring, narrator is a shadow of a real man, showing no courage or brain for himself.  In the end, just when he could stand up and change the entire point of view for the characters, he chooses to stay comfortable in his little corner of his unimpressionable life.  Unless you are being forced to read this for a class, or are drawn to incredibly dull and lifeless books, I would advise you to skip this and do something like wash your hair or watch paint dry, instead."
"I read this novel in two days (because it is so short) and lets just say I was a little disapointed with it.  I don't understand why it has such high praise; but don't get me wrong, I thought it was interesting and I did enjoy reading and I am very glad that I did read it but I wouldn't call it the 'Greatest American Novel' like some critics.  I also thought it was very interesting to see the high life of the 'big and rich' in New York City; all the parties, the scandals and the affairs were very interesting and delightful to read about.  It is a Soap Opera of its age."
I think I would have enjoyed this book more if I had read it with a book club or an English class.  The story is compelling enough but the writing and the symbolism were sometimes out of my grasp.I'm not thick-headed (or at least I don't think I am) but I tend to like to be hit over the head with things and I like characters who are direct and to the point (same with people in real life).  I get frustrated when things are very subtle and I generally have no idea what the hell people are talking about.  Which is how I felt about much of this book.  It felt like people were speaking a different language...I just didn't understand it.I'm glad I finally read it and I'm really glad it was only 180 pages long.
"fItZgerald,,herald, the future that you can gleem in symbols of far off,HIS GENUIS,REGRET given full amplification in  symbolic descrptions of GLITZ EMPTY ECHOES IN PONIFICATIOns. POSTS given anchor on the pages,past each proceeding the other, he was surely on to something, terrible OF THE HAZARDS  MINE FIELDS, STUMBLING ACROSS MOON SOAKED  PLATEAUS, ode dizzy paves in broken glass,  A PRODIGY FLEEIN A PREMATURE  past FUTURE TO STEER CLEAR,THAT LURK ON THE SURFACE OF SEEIN THINGS like no one had ever done before."
"After reading this book, I wondered why Fitzgerald chose to tell the story from Nick's perspective. But I realized it was because he is the only character worth cheering for in this book. I hoped Fitzgerald would give more information about Mr. Wilson, and Gatsby, so their characters would be more developed. I was disappointed. It was a very chilling conclusion to the book, and written well, but I hoped the characters would be developed more and discussed in greater detail."
"yes, the great gatsby is an american classic. yes, the great gatsby touches upon the major themes of american literature. BUT IT IS WAY TOO OVER HYPED. when i read the book in school, i was expecting to be blown  away, and when i finished it, i was very disappointed. sO, i do recommend  the book. it IS a good book, but NOT great. if you REALLY want to read a  good book, read gabriel garcia marquez' cien anos de soledad. :) have a  nice day!"
"Although the tracking record indicates the book has been delivered it was not delivered to my address I have not received the book not only have I not received the book I have not received the other two books that say they have been delivered, to top it off I paid for express delivery the books were suppose to be in by August 17 2013 the 4 book ordered was suppose to come the same day however it won't be here until after August 29 ."
"The book that I ordered was The Great Gatsby. In the picture it shows the book with the traditional cover of this book, so that's what I was expecting. The cover of the book that I got was completely different. The cover is of a girl and with the title and the authors name. I have had this happen before, but this time I made sure that that was the only picture it was showing. But I still got the wrong cover."
Very disappointing
"AM I THE ONLY PERSON IN THE WORLD WHO HATES THIS BOOK?!?!?! I found the characters insipid, vacant and superficial, and I know that's the point Fitzgerald was trying to make, but instead of being deeply moved and inspired by the depiction of our society as shallow and meaningless like THE REST OF THE WORLD, I found myself incredibly disgusted and repulsed. I know this is the Great American Novel. I know that I'm supposed to appreciate it for its sublime beauty and honest portrayal of the Diseased Elite. But I don't."
no no no no the book was a wrong Jared wasnt supposed to drive only Donald was too bet all in at Vegas on Blackjack NOT Texas Poker
"When I first read this book, I thought it was very bad.  Then in class it caught my interest again.  I do not know why.  I wasted much time reading critical appraisals, but they are all junk.  So is this book.  I don't care  what anybody says there are *SEVERAL* parts that *DO* seem to be  ""scribbled drunk"" and are nearly unintelligible.  The book is  filled with all kinds of errors, particuliarly chronological.  There is  also plenty of *PREJUDICE* and *RACISM* in this book.  Wolfsheim is singled  out as ""a small, flat nosed Jew""  despite the fact that he never  mentions this.  Nick also constantly refers to his ""tragic nose"".  What garbage.  Also when Tom talks about the ""Superior Nordic Race  nobody seems to care *IN THE LEAST* about the horrible things he is saying.  Nick's maid is refered to as ""my Finn"", which is so racist as to  be almost unintelligible.  Daisy and Gatsby are proposterous characters.  The idea that they can never get together *MAKES ABSOLUTELY NO SENSE  WHATSOEVER*.  I don't care about society standards that is completely  ridiculous.  That Daisy would even think of staying with Tom dates this  book *HORRIBLY* at the very least and more realitically turns into *A  VIRTUAL CARTOON*.  How and why Gatsby would do what he did is not  believably in the least.  Gatsby would never have gone to Oxford if he had  truly cared about Daisy.  The Confrontation makes absolutely no sense.  Tom  calls Gatsby a bootlegger with a drink in his hand.  That is *THE WEAKEST  WRITING I HAVE EVER SEEN.*  Don't bother to read this book."
"Misleading, I wanted the movie. Cover looked like a movie jacket. It was a one person audio read. The cover was very misleading."
what a wast of time that was. i can't believe f. scott fitzgerald could write  a book that was such nonsence.
"In The Great Gatsby, a book considered to be  a true classic of American literature,  F. Scott Fitzgerald examines the theme of aspiration in America during an era known as the  Roaring Twenties.  Jay Gatsby, the hero in Fitzgerald's novel, embodies every aspect of the  American Dream,  fancy houses, flashy cars, and glamorous parties. Yet, his attempt to obtain true love is the cause of his downfall. Fitzgerald uses this novel as a satirical attempt to unveil the truth behind this so-called glamorous time period. Although I felt that Fitzgerald was successful in creating an interesting plot, his execution causes the story to seem slow and it leaves his characters well underdeveloped. Fitzgerald uses this novel as an expression of his views of the nineteenth century. The Great Gatsby is narrated by Nick Carraway. Fitzgerald uses Nick to interweave his characters, but according to Sashee ""he did not do much to give a true insight on the feelings of each person,"" which leaves the characters unfinished. Another reader, Shalom Freedman says ""Fitzgerald's remarkable ability to create or capture an atmosphere, a feeling of time, of a special kind of American world."" Fitzgerald spends too much time creating a sense of place in his novel, that he has left my imagination wondering about the characters. Novels of tragedy are supposed to contain something that tears at the readers emotions and this novel failed to do that in many ways. In a sense the characters were extremely one dimensional and I am only able to grasp the surface of each characters personality. The deaths of Mr. Wilson, Myrtle Wilson, and Gatsby had no major effect on my feelings, because Fitzgerald did not shape the characters into memorable characters, that drew emotion from his audience. Another problem that I encountered was Fitzgerald's slow and dismal writing style. Fitzgerald's style focused on the details of every scene, for example when Fitzgerald lists the pages of ""important people"" that attend Gatsby's parties, he loses my attention. By adding unnecessary details to simple scenes throughout the story, Fitzgerald postpones both the climax and ending of the novel. These are two pivotal points for readers. Sashee finds that ""although the plot might be fascinating enough to keep some readers going others may find the general story far too detailed and at some parts boring."" Fitzgerald's story contains minimal surprises, even the climax is hard to distinguish from the rest of the novel. Anticipating the ending might motivate some readers to plow through this novel, but they should not have to wait until the end of the book for it to become interesting. In contrast to what some may think, this novel is not a work that according to Freedman,  ""simply holds its readers in a very special charm and grace."" Fitzgerald allows readers insight to the atmosphere of the nineteenth century, as he captures ""a feeling of time."" Yet, he fails to understand the concept... time. The Great Gatsby is a classic story of achievement and aspiration, but wordy pages, a slow climax, and ending  make it a hard read."
"If you like wild parties and the exclusive nightlife you will love this book. Taking place in the giant city of New York a young bachelor named Nick Carraway finds his neighbor to be one of great wealth and mystery. He has never met his neighbor but there are always wild parties in the gigantic house next to his. One evening after returning from a small dinner party at his friends Tom and Daisy Buckhannon's house; Mr. Gatsby emerges from the shadows next door and greets Nick mysteriously. The next afternoon Nick is invited to one of Gatsby's great parties. Nick and Gatsby become good friends throughout the book. One evening Gatsby confesses to Nick that he has loved Daisy Buckhannon for a long time. So Nick sets up a tea party with the two and, they fall in love behind Tom Buckhannon's back. That's only the beginning it gets much more interesting from there. Personally I didn't like this book, because its just not the type of book I like to read. I think that over all the entire book was interesting and had a good plot. However I couldn't familiarize myself with the characters. I didn't really understand were they were coming from or why they did certain things. For example I never understood why Mr. Gatsby threw big parties because he was always quite and no one really knew who he was or where he came from. Also I didn't like that the author only described the characters once. It was hard to get a mental picture of what the characters looked like. The author also introduces new characters more than halfway into the book and I didn't really know who they were. I started to get confused with the characters. For example the author introduces a man named Michaelis for about 15 pages and then he is gone from the book. Overall, the book had a great plot but I didn't like the way the author wrote and described things."
This book is just a book  of idiotic ideals full of propaganda.
"One of the worst-written books I ever read. The plot of the novel is such that Fitzgerald could  really write a great novel, but he only used this to ramble about his depressing love and life story. Since he was a loser, he took revenge by writing it in the most boring style and language. I had to force myself to finish this nonsense of a ""classic novel"". This is a novel that has been made ""classic"" by forcing poor school children to read it. The ideas like ""American Dream"", ""Emptiness"" and ""shallowness"" of Americans might be exiting ideas in the era this novel was written. We have been reading about and experiencing those things all our lives,even in the daily news. Those ideas are deplorable and depressing, but not fresh. I wish Amazon has an option for ""Zero Star"" rating which would absolutely fit this waste of paper and ink. God forgive you for torturing us with this piece of sh**, Fitzgerald!"
"I though it was a really bad book, and most of the other people that read it in school for L.A. with me also did not enjoy it.  It could have left out many of the chapters in my opinion, most of them had no point.  I read  some of the other reviews, they said they couldn't put it down, but I  dreaded the days we had to read from it for homework.  I also didn't like  his style of writing, the symolism was okay, but too deep for some people.  I would not recomend this book to anyone."
"I read The Great Gatsby for school in my American Lit. class, and I never wanted to come home and read it.  Fitzgerald uses to much symbolism and to many big words, so it keeps you from being focused on the plot.  I don't  reccomend this book to anyone, expecially to any teenagers."
"He's a flamboyant gentleman who hides his past, who went off to fight for democracy in world war one only to return to hear his fience forced to marry another by her upper class parents. And in this novel he schemes to win her back.In the end  he learns the awful truth about her and we learn the truth about the source of his wealth.This novel is a book of lies and the web woven by the people who make them. Gatsby lies about himself and his source of income. Daisy lies about herself. Everyone lies about something."
"The book The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald was an emblamatic novel, and as a 17 year old I found it a little hard to catch all of the hidden meanings the first time I read it.The book turned out to be more than i thought it would. It depicted so much realism that it astounded me because it was so bold as to end with a not so happy ending.The characters were very well drawn and interesting. I'd give this more stars if I was smart enough to catch it all on the first read, but you can think what you like."
"The print in this version of The Great Gatsby is too small to read comfortably - even for a 16 year old. It is only 6 point based on measuring only about 2mm tall. Buy another version. By the way, Amazon's return system is great. They are coming to pick it up from my house tomorrow, free of charge and I am getting the other version just two days after delivery of the small point version. Good service! I just could not take reading the small print this time."
"This story just seemed to drag on and on and on.  Planned to see the movie after reading, but didn't because I didn't enjoy the story."
"The Great Gatsby is a captivating story but a poorly read audiobook. Jake Gyllenhaal, the reader, cannot create realistic voices for characters. He gives Jay Gatsby an aggressive lower-class speech and vocal pattern and repeatedly misspeaks for every other person in the novel. The inappropriate voices detract a great deal from the audiobook. Whatever editor picked Gyllenhaal to narrate the story must have been mostly deaf or have had a cold or an earache when he auditioned."
"I walked away very disapointed with 'the Great Gatsby'. Its said to be one of the best American novels of all time, yet I found it lacked maturity as well as development. The novel is about Nick Carraway's friendship with Jay Gatsby, a mysterious wealthy 30 year-old who throws lavish parties where most of the guests are not even invited and don't know the host at all. Gatsby reveals to Nick through a mutual friend named Jordan that the reason he has been throwing parties for years is because he hopes that the love of his life will somehow walk into one...Gatsby is a generous but painfully removed man who cannot forget Daisy,the love of his life who he hasn't seen in years, since before her marraige to another man named Tom. I thought that the plot was good, but it need more development and the characters needed more depth. 'The Great Gatsby' is a short read, I read it in a day, and found that Fitzgerald's style is continuous from that of his first novel, 'this Side of Paradise'. The only credit I do have to give to Fitzgerald is that his word flow is very readable and his revised sentences are nearly perfect. I wouldn't recommend reading it unless you are an absolute fan of Fitzgerald, you want to learn about the Roaring Twenties, or want a short and hardly romantic and at times boring read."
"The Great Gatsby was a really good book.  I thought the best part of the book though, wasn't the plot, even though that was interesting.  I thought the best part of the book was the feel, the atmosphere.  You could almost  imagine the parties.  This book seemed to sum up every thing great about  the 20's and put an interesting plot with it.  I loved what Daisy said  about big parties being more personal than small ones.  I thought it was  really interesting."
"Nick Carraway, a young man in the ""Roaring Twenties"", relates the tale of his friend, Jay Gatsby. The story follows Gatsby's search for an unattainable ideal of love through wealth, eventually leading to his downfall. This novel portrays the very spirit of the 1920's, also exposing its dark side. Very well written, but a dull plot. It failed to draw the reader into the story, nor did it make the reader really care about the characters."
When the book arrived it was smaller than a postcard. Almost impossible to read. Spent $17.00 for something I can't even read.
Disapointing
"This book was extremely well-written and held my interest...until the END!  The ending was pretty much terrible and basically ruined the whole book.  I was left unfulfilled, unsatisfied.  The book seems as if it is a bit overrated.  It's good, but not THAT good.  A wonderful book has a good beginning, a good middle, and a good ending.  This book lacked a good ending, therefore it cannot be a wonderful classic."
"First I would like to say that I was assigned to read this book in a rather ordinary American high school, which isn't really the best place to be exposed to a book of any kind. Also, I read it some time ago, so the  details are a bit foggy, but I do remembermy overall impression of the  book.The story of this book really didn't impress me.  I figure that  this is because it isn't really that orginal, at least in my eyes.  There  are so many story with similar plotlines (Guy X likes Girl Y who is married  to and unfaithful husband, Guy Z, and various thing that are supposed to be  interesting because of this) (sounds like a soap opra)My main complaint  is about the writing style: it is written in a way that excites English  teachers, and bores the rest of us (everyone I know [rather inteligent high  school students with a slant twards math and science)This was written  quickly and without much thought other that I didn't like the book and  would rather be reading something written by Issac Asimov, Douglas Adams,  or some other author that doesn't write boring fiction that ends up or  resembles that which does end up in high school english class"
received damaged and returned. amazon did not have another copy to send. the $5.00 creidit was mostly offset by my being sharged for shipping.  a very unsatisfactory experience
I don't know why this book is supposedly literary genius because I found it to be very boring. Most of the book was rambling rather than anything to do with the plot.
"There were some highlighting in it and underlining, but over all it was in good condition."
"Now I am a teacher and at one time found myself in a position where I had no  choice but to assign my students _The Great Gatsby_. For that act of inhumanity, I humbly beg forgiveness, though I know full well that the teacher who betrays his students' trust in such a way can no more expect absolution than can the Nazi underling, who, acting on his superior's orders, sends a cowering Jew to the gas chamber.And don't you dare tell me I didn't get the book. Since I was supposed to be teaching the thing I read it three times (well, to be frank, two and half times; midway through my third reading, I gave up in disgust, both at myself, for having persisted so long, and at the novel itself). I mean, who really gives a fig for any of the characters in the book? Or for that stupid green light? Oooh, ah, and the Valley of Ashes! How very apocalyptic! And T. J. Mecklenburg, or whatever his name was. How could anybody really give a fig for any of it?I've also seen lots of reviews where high-school students (probably with plenty of help from their teachers) say they must not be smart enough or mature enough to get Gatsby. Not at all, my friends! Believe in yourselves, youth of the world force-fed Gatsby by illiterate curriculum writers! You are neither too stupid nor too immature. Gatsby, at any age, is simply awful. And you can tell your teachers I said so."
"Of course Gatsby is world-renowned and loved all over, but I just don't see how!  I just wish that someone would have warned me before I read it.  I read constantly and have been for 25 years or so and this was one of the least engaging books I've ever read.  I feel as if the people that read it and laud it are just being followers for the most part.  I'm being very serious when I say that I honestly cannot believe this book ever got famous.  To each his own though I suppose....Happy reading everyone."
"I always can find something good about a book, no matter how bad it is.  The Great Gatsby, however, is probably one of the only books I've read that I hate.It is the story of a man who, basically, talks about nothing.  The plot is nonexistent, just the ramblings of a man who's confused about society.  The characters are either boring or not developed enough.  The worst part about the book is that you get the feeling that F. Scott Fitzgerald is going to hit you with a great, dramatic, thought-provoking ending, and nothing happens at the end.  When I finished, I was left with the feeling of ""Okay, what was that all about?""  I can understand that it is a reflection of the  1920s, but certainly not a very good reflection.This is a book you should read when there is absolutely nothing else to read.  If there is anything else at all, read that instead."
I thought The Great Gatsby was an ok book.  I didn't like how the whole time people were just sleeping around and not acomplishing anything.  I also didn't like how Gatsby only held such partys because he was trying to impress someone.  I think people need to be themselves and not revolve their life around other peoples lifes.  I didn't like at the end how WIlson thought it was Gatsby who was having an affair with his wife and he killed him.  The whole book was a mess and very boring.  When you thought it would get exciting it didn't.
"One star is too many, but it is the minimum.The only reason I read this was for a class.  I gave the teacher a stinker review as well.The books is a pointless exercise in futility about pointless stupid people.  The only point to the story is that people with money are just as trashy, if not more so, than people without.  The characters have no development,  are barely two dimensional, do stupid things for no reason and face no consequences for their veniality.This books is the literary equivalent of being stuck in a window seat on a airplane for 14 hours next to a drunken, smelly creep with bad breath and smelly gas who talks at your for the whole flight about his pointless job.  For being such a thin book, it is the hardest reading I have ever had to do.Of course, it is even more aggravating that the kindle edition costs $11 for a book you can get at a bookstore for less than a dollar."
"I know many people consider this book to be a great literary classic. Honestly, I admit that Fitzgerald utilized figurative language and symbolism quite successfully. I truly enjoyed some of his satire and hidden meanings. You could analyze this book for years if you wanted to.The problem is that there are no truly noble characters to encourage a reader. All the characters seem to be involved in shady activities. The absence of a role model disturbs me and makes me wonder why the book is required reading at so many schools. (Some people have suggested that Nick is the sole moral person in the book; however, his willingness to aid in other's schemes seems to prove otherwise.)Here's my advice: To those who have to read it - read it, keep a good attitude, and take lots of notes. To those who want to read it- only read it if you don't mind reading about crazy lifestyles and love affairs.Happy reading!"
I foung this story interesting. I had always heard of this title but didn't know what it was about. A good period tale.
"The story was interesting, but not spellbinding.  It is a short, easy read.  Not sure why it is considered a classic."
"Consumerism is the New Food for America The necessities in life at one period in our world were merely just anacre of land and tools to build a shelter and feed the empty stomachs. As technology increased in parts of the world, people's necessities began to adapt and change. In America, the basic necessities of food and water are available on every block of the street and are taken for granted; therefore our necessity in an American life became money. Although the concept is hard to believe that money is anywhere close to being as important as food or water, it has to be understood to know the role of consumerism. Back in the mid 1700s, people in North America focused on their crops because their goal was to feed themselves and a family if they had one. In the twenty- first century, America has satisfied hunger at a very cheap rate and has encouraged Americans with a new goal. Since most Americans do not struggle for food, we are not trying to satisfy our physical living life, but our spiritual life. The spiritual life is our mindset on happiness, our wants and what makes us feel ""good"". Therefore, with the excess money people have after rent or payment on homes and food, most people invests it on materials, either to decorate their home, the equipments needed in their hobby, or a car for transportation. Again, because America is more advanced than other countries, it is necessary for us to possess excess materials not needed for the physical life, but for the spiritual life of desire, and happiness.Even if consumerism is unneeded to a person, it is unavoidable. Grocery stores not only have foods and snacks, but clothes, flowers and office supplies. Also, the idea of a new school year means new clothes and looks. Another example is marriage, buying dresses, tuxedos, service, a ring and a legal contract. Commercialism also plays a big role for expanding consumerism, such as ads on the back of store receipts and search engines on the internet. Another reason why consumption in material is still here, although some people believe it is the key to corruption is because majority wants or desires it. Each material is designed to be produce because people have been demanding it. Some will still disagree, but when there are enough people taking interest in a certain material, some company will produce it to make a profit on their own.Back in history, the thirteen colonies were not happy with the king interrupting in individual businesses, and still after two hundred and fifty years the United States of America are not happy with the effects of capitalism. There are reasons to have a bad impression on it, such as the production of trash, greed, and class distinctions, but as a whole America is a successful country to be named the land of opportunities. Our needs and wants have created diversity of positions in the educational, medical, business and science field.Another favorite author is Fitzgerald, who depicts money and materials as faults of corruption in Americans. Gatsby is the only gentlemen who is wealthy that proves some dignity and respect of the true feelings of love. He had depended on materialism on his whole life, seeking his desire for daisy. Wealthy, brutal, and powerful; Tom abuses his power of status to deceive a poor mechanic Mr. Wilson to get to his wife, Myrtle. He also depends on consumerism to be at the status he is.One of the important materials in this novel is cars. Myrtle represented the corrupted people who obsessed over materials and wealth, which ironically ended her life. This is all too true in our nation, when people just become in debt, because they could not control their desire in useless materials.It is ironic how our very desirable consumerism in American life, will one day drive our society crashing to the ground. Whether it be a nuclear war over the last gallons of gasoline, or the pollution created from the excess trash of products, consumerism will run the American country to the peak until it will fill up all the wants and desires from the spiritual life."
"In our English class, we have to do literature circles. Each student gets to choose his/her own book from four choices. After hearing the basic story plot, I chose ""The Great Gatsby"". I was curious and wanted to find out more about ""the man who worked so hard that he bought a house across the lake facing the girl's house just to make her fall in love with him"". Now I have finished the book, although it's is a little short, the plot and themes are not being affected at all. In the beginning of the book, it's not so interesting and the readers will be feeling weird about everything. Gatsby, the title of the book, is the crazy man. Although the main character is Nick, he's telling the audience about Gatsby. Gatsby hold grand parties at his mansion with people who he didn't even know, and he often isolate himself from the crowd as people were having fun. His purpose of having parties is not to have fun; but to show off and impress the girl.As the readers goes on, they will start to notice everything that's been happening and start to fall into the book. The author, Scott Fitzgerald, referred himself to the main character Nick in the book. The novel was written in 1920's, the Jazz Age. Fitzgerald thinks that the moral part of people is almost gone under the success and prosperity of the Jazz Age, so he is trying to include some moral ingredients in the story. In this book, he reflected his feelings towards the 20's and expressed himself through the novel.This book mainly talked about relationships, and it also showed all kinds of people's character and personality. Overall, I think this is a nice book, and it's definitely worth reading."
"Yes, Dear Readers, it is I, Professor Emeritus Johnstone, Professor Emeritus of American History. This is, I, Professor Emeritus Johnstone, believe a classic of my time. I remember reading this to my biddy those cold midwinter nights oh so long ago. We drank communion wine by the fire-pit and laughed at the foolish government agents as they tried to capture the nefarious rebel, Gatsby. Little did Gatsby know that shortly after, he would be exiled to Darkest India due to the evil government stooges. Alas, I, Professor Emeritus Johnstone, digress. All you young accidents who wish to major in that truly noble subject, American Literature, should read this amusing novel post-haste! The story is simple: Maibatsu (or Jay for short) Gatsby is a millionare-tyrant by day, fiendish anarchist by night. With the help of his dashing assistant/lover Daisy, they bring down the social and economic classes only to be foiled by the fiendish lout, Tom (Daisy's first husband) who is a two-timing secret agent. In the end (after a daring car chase) Gatsby and Daisy die in eachother's arms, ascending happily to Our Lord and Maker.Hark! It is near noon-mass time!Grouchily,Professor Emeritus Percy Q. JohnstoneProfessor Emeritus of American LiteratureDarkest India"
"Ah, The Great Gatsby...I've read the book three times already, and every time I do, it is still no good. Widely regarded as a masterpiece, The Great Gatsby takes advantage of the claim as a marketing tool in a way of generating sales. But honestly, the book is just not that darn interesting. It lacks feelings, emotions, and realism, but F. Scott Fitzgerald does well in making his characters appear as robotic, unfeeling, and uninteresting. The most surprising thing about the book is how Jay Gatsby appears to be smaller than life. Had he been portrayed as a legendary figure, my opinion of the book can have been much dramatically different. Rather, he is an ordinary guy who happens to have money.Anyhow, if I have to suggest a much better book that deals with the same themes as The Great Gatsby does, it is easily The Bonfire of the Vanities by Tom Wolfe. The Great Gatsby is dated in its details as they are also lacking of description whereas in The Bonfire of the Vanities (A Man in Full isn't too far off either) is more relevant to our times and is more true to how the society works. I can almost taste it as if I am there, but in The Great Gatsby, it is difficult to follow the course of action at times. It can be the writing itself, but let's be honest, no matter how many revisions it will take, The Great Gatsby is not that interesting. It is an accurate description of the Roaring Twenties, but let's face it: it is a dated era.Nevertheless, I was forced to read the book during high school and found nothing of substance. The second time I read it for pleasure during college, I still found nothing of substance. And now, I read it again for pleasure and still found absolutely nothing of substance.I want to make a comment about two things in the book. Every time Jay Gatsby calls Nick ""old sport,"" I cringe. When Nick (a narrator whom I hate) suddenly says, ""I just remembered that today's my birthday,"" it is probably the worst moment of the book. It's just so stupidly random and so stupidly stupid. Even Sam Waterston is forced to have a Keanu Reeves moment by quoting the line. One part in the book where Jay Gatsby throws his clothes in the air, Daisy Buchanan exclaims about how beautiful the shirts are. Immediately, I flashback to Mia Farrow's over-the-top performance and wonder if I can get a glittering glass ball and whirl it above her. All in all, The Great Gatsby continues to be overrated."
"Nick Carraway having graduated from Yale and fought in World War I has returned home to find a job.  Being unsettled, he decided to move to New York to learn the bond business.  The novel opens early in the summer of 1922 in West Egg, Long Island, where Nick has rented a house and seems to be unlike the other inhabitants of West Egg.  Next to his place, is the Gatsby's mansion.  Shortly after his arrival, Nick travels across the Sound to the more fashionable East Egg to visit his cousin Daisy Buchannan and her husband, Tom, a hulking, imposing man whom Nick had known in college.  While Nick is there, he meets a young woman golfer named Jordan Baker, whom Daisy wants Nick to be interested in.  During dinner, the telephone rings, and when Tom and Daisy leave the room, Jordan informs Nick that the caller is Tom's woman from New York.  Nick also learns a bit about Daisy and Tom's marriage: Jordan tells him that Tom has a lover, Myrtle Wilson, who lives in the valley of ashes, a gray industrial dumping ground between West Egg and New York City.  Not long after this revelation, Nick travels to New York City with Tom and Myrtle.  At a vulgar, gaudy party in the apartment that Tom keeps for the affair, Myrtle begins to taunt Tom about Daisy, and Tom responds by breaking her nose.As the summer continues, Nick turns his attention to his mysterious neighbor, who hosts weekly parties for the rich and fashionable.  Upon Gatsby's invitation, Nick attends one of the extravagant gatherings.  There, he bumps into Jordan Baker, as well as Gatsby himself.  Gatsby, a gracious host, remains apart from his guest; more of an observer more than a participant.  As the party winds down, Gatsby takes Jordan aside to speak privately.  Jordan is greatly amazed by what she's learned from Gatsby.One day, Nick and Gatsby take a trip into the city and there Nick meets Meyer Wolfshiem, one of Gatsby's associates and Gatsby's link to organized crime.  On that same day, while having tea with Jordan Baker, Nick learns the amazing story that Gatsby told her the night of his party.  Gatsby, it appears, is in love with Daisy Buchannan.  They met years earlier when he was in the army but could not be together because he did not yet have the means to support her.  In the intervening years, Gatsby made his fortune, all with the goal of winning Daisy back.  He bought his house so that he would be across the Sound from her and hosted the elaborate parties in the hopes that she would notice.  It has come time for Gatsby to meet Daisy again, face-to-face, and so, through the intermediary of Jordan Baker, Gatsby asks Nick to invite Daisy to his little house where Gatsby will show up unannounced.The day for the re-acquaintance of Gatsby and Daisy finally arrives.  Gatsby makes sure that everything is perfectly prepared, and wants every detail to be perfect for his reunion with his lost love.  When the two former lovers meet, their reunion is slightly nervous, but shortly, the two are again comfortable with each other..  Later on, the three move the party from Nick's house to Gatsby's, where he takes special delight in showing Daisy his meticulously decorated house and his impressive arrangement of belongings, as if demonstrating in a very tangible way just how far out of poverty he has traveled.When Nick, Jordan, and Tom take a drive one day, they discover that Gatsby's car has struck and killed Myrtle, Tom's lover.  They rush back to Long Island, where Nick learns from Gatsby that Daisy was driving the car when it struck Myrtle, but that Gatsby intends to take the blame.  The next day, Tom tells Myrtle's husband, George, that Gatsby was the driver of the car.  George, who has leapt to the conclusion that the driver of the car that killed Myrtle must have been her lover, finds Gatsby in the pool at his mansion and shoots him dead.  He then turns the gun on himself.After Gatsby's death, Nick is left to help prepare for his burial, only problem is that no one seems overly concerned with Gatsby's death.  A telegram from Gatsby's father indicates he will be coming from Minnesota to bury his son.  Gatsby's funeral hosts only Nick, Gatsby's father, a few servants, the postman, and the minister at his gravesite.  Although Gatsby, during his lifetime held high popularity, at the time of his death, he was completely forgotten.Nick, after everything he has experienced, heads back home to the Midwest."
"""The Great Gatsby"" takes place on Long Island in the early 1920s.  Gatz is from a lower class Midwestern farming family who falls in love with the wealthy well bread Daisy.  The two are unable to marry and live happily ever after as they are from vastly different backgrounds and social status.  Gatz enlists in the military and upon the end of his service is befriended by a wealthy benefactor who employs him ""in a vague personal capacity"".  Gatz's employment provides him the opportunity to see the world, and experience life on the other side of the social strata.  His adventures allow him to reinvent himself and upon the death of his benefactor, Gatsby purchases a mansion on Long Island, near the now married Daisy, and begins the process of recapturing her favors.On Long Island, Gatsby is known for the lavish parties and ongoing entertaining at his mansion.  The east coast rich and famous are regulars at his parties but no one knows the origins of his wealth or his family background.  Unable to connect Gatsby to his riches, the socialites create their own version of who he is and where his money comes from.  Meanwhile, Gatsby pursues a meeting with Daisy in an attempt to woo her from her marriage; now that he has attained the wealth that will certainly please her.  Will the good guy get his girl . . . you'll have to read the book to find out.The story is narrated by Nick Cassaway, Daisy's cousin and Gatsby's neighbor.  It's a brief story that's easily read but I'm not quite certain what makes it such a classic.  The novel does depict the role that class and social status played in American culture during the early 1900 - and still - but I can't say this was a captivating or enlightening read.  While not a favorite of mine ""The Great Gatsby"" is a permanent fixture upon the American literary landscape and I'm glad I read it."
"People rave about the brilliance of Fitzgerald. I was under the impression that the purpose of a novel was to entertain. I argue that a book that is painful to read, however perfect the style or structure, can never be  'brilliant.'It failed to entertain me and it failed to convey its  fundamental mesage of social criticism. It is a waste of precious time."
"Badly written, loose plot, very unrewarding read. Could not recommend to anyone. I hated it. A novel for yesterdays readers."
"A bunch of rich snobs complain about how boring life is while putting down or bullying poorer people. Wow, great literature. I read about 30 pages, skimmed ahead, still didn't see anything of value, and gave up. Life is too short too waste on overrated crap."
I ordered this book and got it very quickly and it was exactly as advertised.  I am very pleased.
"Not sure if it was the book or the professor that used the book for the class,but I will never look at this story the same way."
"The fact that some of the 5-star reviews for this book claim that those of us who do not like it ""don't get"" literature is just rude.  Also, the fact that anyone would rank this book next to Faulkner, Woolf, Joyce, etc. offends me deeply.  But that is your opinion, and you have every right to it.As many have said, this book is immature.  It takes a fairly basic outline (long-lost love, people cheating on spouses, an ""outsider"" comes in and has no true responsibilities) and throws in some symbolism that any high school student could conjure and then acts pretentious (which is probably why so many people like it, because they think it makes them look good).  And that is all.  I know that many people claim that was how it was in the 1920s, but please, no other piece of ""literature"" I have ever read has come off so shallow.But back to those who act like not appreciating it means that you do not know much about reading.  That is just inconsiderate.  I truly hate this book, but if you like it, fine, I'll argue with you about it (and the fact that I've had to read three times now for school as an English major means I know quite a bit about it) until I faint.  However, this does not mean that I will write you off and not listen to any of your other opinions.  Because once someone did this to me when I told them I truly disliked ""The Great Gatsby"" and then they sarcastically asked what my favorite book was, expecting me to say something in popular fiction like ""The Da Vinci Code"".  And, at the time, it was ""Crime and Punishment"" from my Russian Literature course.  Furthermore, if this book is The Great American Novel, then American Literature is pathetic when standing next to most other countries, including Russia."
I great story but this was supposed to be a hardback and they sent me a soft. I am very disappointed.
"I heard this book was a classic,a must read,so I read it.It was a bad book! I don't think anyone would have published it today.I am not so young as to not understand a ""great"" novel,so I must say ""this is  one of the most boring and shallow books ever written"".I'll give him  one thing-this boredom is beautifuly written.His language is beautiful and  captures the mood of the time and place,but it doesn't make up for the  complete lack of plot.I read,and read,and read and nothing happened.He had  a good idea,Scott Fitzgerald but he didn't do much with it.I have noticed  that readers don't like the bad reviews.I suspect they think such reviews  are not serious,but please listen to me-IF YOU CAN AVOID THIS BOOK PLEASE  DO! There are too many great and good books,there is too little time to  read them,so don't waste your time!"
"I don't get it the lavish praise for this book.  I guess there was a reason I never read it in high school.  Still....all the hoopla about it being the ""classic"" American novel and it being made into no less than FIVE films with another on the way in 2012...I thought there HAS to be something great about it.WRONG.I never though a 150-page book could take so long to read.  This isn't so much a story as it feels like an outline for a story.  The book is SLOW and Fitzgerald's writing style is SO over-wrought and flowery that it really, really gets in the way of moving the plot (wait, was there a plot?) along.  None of the characters are likeable.  There was NO ONE to root for, therefore there was no emotional investment in this story.  In the end, it's a VERY thin love triangle between rich, superficial people.  That's it.It's also told through Nick's character, who is completely irrelevant to the story.  He's only there to narrate it.  Why do we need him?  It's more effective to SHOW us what's going on rather than have Nick feed us all the details AFTER the fact.  That device provides NO drama, suspense or anything else.  In fact, you could remove Nick's whole character from the book and it would lose nothing.  That's how inconsequential his character is.  It only serves to separate us further from the characters and a story that are already pretty thin and distant.Wow.  This book is a D+ at best.  I'm shocked this is what people think of as a classic."
"I don't know why i hate this book so much but i do. I'd give it negative infinity stars if i could.This era is not boring, but this author is! There is no possibility off me ever caring about the characters, the reliance on symbolism and the intense feeling of ""I'm writing something important! Pay attention damn you, and how dare you not like my work!"" In the place of true character and plot development makes this book so dull that I feel the only thing it's good for is inspiring the sandman.The prose is mediocre at best, contrary to popular opinion of 5 star reviewers, one can be smart and still hate this book. No, I don't read goosebumps, never could get into them.If anything, this book is twilight without the vampires, which by the way is an equally horrendous affront to intelligent readers.My favorite books tend to be fantasy or sci-fi, though I did like Huckleberry Finn, Tuesdays with Morrie, and found deadline by Chris Crutcher insightful, and enjoyable.I don't need a book about the treachery of stupid rich people who are only friends because of money, back stabbing at the slightest perceived insult, masked by story of foolish lust which resulted in a mediocre affair, it's beyond dull, it's an insult to writing. And I already know that humans freed from pursuit of basic needs, and without some balance or check, devolve into petty, egotistical, self-absorbed jerks.If this book is a classic because it's a story about choosing ones friends wisely then fails miserably, if it's about the stupidity of lust and affairs and their danger, then again, it fails to adequately convey the point to young adults who are required to read this and draw such conclusions without the necessary insight or life experience to read between the lines and dullness of the fictional tale of foolishness woven here.There are authors who have managed to convey such points much more eloquently, clearly, and in far more interesting ways. At this point history itself would be able to convey such points in a superior fashion and with greater frequency. Hah, stories in the old-testament bible about Saul, David, and Solomon would convey the point better.If you read James Cleavland's review of this crime against the united states and humanity in general i think he may have hit a few reason why i dislike this book so much. http://www.amazon.com/review/R2C16SDV4PXLR4/"
"Seriously, with out a doubt the first few pages of this so called classic are nothing but soliloquies. The author, Fitzgerald, kills any dramatic tension by boring the reader with needless ruminations about the POV's father and way overdone turns of abstract narrative.Although the plot and characterizations are novel, this book could easily be reduced to half its pages. Any writer turning in a manuscript such as this today would not stand a chance with a publisher, commercial or literary."
"When I was going to high school, I determined that no matter how good or how poor the book, I would always read the English novel assigned to us twice.  I was assigned F. Scott Fitzgerald's ""The Great Gatsby"" in grade 11.  And after reading it over, I concluded that if Mr. Fitzgerald's personality was reflected in his characters, it is quite understandable that Zelda Fitzgerald ended up in an asylum (sp?).  That book was the poorest excuse for literature I ever had the displeasure of reading.  I did read it twice, but each time, I was disgusted with it.  The characters in the story were worthless wastes of human flesh.  Daisy was a ditz, Gatsby himself was a possessive stalker and everyone else didn't have enough brains to realize that they were all being used!!Tom, Daisy's idiot husband, actually took Nick to meet Tom's mistress!  How much more stupid is that?  Yes, I'm sure everyone with a brain cell wants his wife's family to know he's having an affair.  And his mistress, well, all she wanted was to seem important, when everyone knew she wasn't.Nick was used by everyone, but he did nothing about it.  Tom used him, Daisy used him and even Gatsby used him.  And all the while, he thought Gatsby was God.  He worshiped him.I wrote my report on the novel and passed it into my professor.  I wish I still had a copy of it, because I would post it here.  Unfortuneatly, I do not.In the end, I would recommend this book only to the person who likes to read about stupid people sleeping with each other just to seem important.  Or as a cure for insomnia (sp?).  I was greatly disgusted with this novel, but that's just my opinion."
"This is a book about a man, Gatsby, and his quest to recover his love after many years of absence. She's now married and has a daughter, but is she happy? Gatsby returns to her life in a moment of doubt, of regret.Everything takes place in the early 1920's, surrounded by wealthy and shallow people."
"terrible, terrible, terrible!  This incredibly boring book, although considered an american classic, is dismal.  Don't bother with it, and read Douglas Adams instead."
"The Great Gatsby has been said to be one of the greatest American novels of all time. Personally, I can not agree with the previous statetement. The Great Gatsby deserves three stars in my opinion. The reason being, I lost interest quite easily. This novel did not have me yearning to complete a chapter or even turn the page. The Great Gatsby did not receive less than three stars only because I did not consider it to be one of the worst books I have ever read. Also, one of the few things that I did enjoy about this novel was how well the characters were established in the story.Due to the lack of interest in the book, I did not throughly enjoy reading it. To some this book might be reviewed more highly, but I did not have any reason to do so. This is due to my lack of connection to the topic of the novel. The very little excitement that occurred in the plot caused the book to be unenjoyable as well.The characters in the novel were very well developed, due largly to the amount of details given about each of their lives. If it was not for the characters, this book could have been reviewed lower. The characters of The Great Gatsby allowed this book to be somewhat of a success. One of the only things that hooked me into moving forward, was the strong connection between the characters, specifically,Gatsby and Daisy. The characters just fit together like a puzzle piece. I will say, even though I did not successfully connect to the topic, I was able to with the characters. This made the read a little more bearable.The theme of this novel was most definitely, the rejection of the American Dream. This is a result of the failed love between Gatsby and Daisy. If this novel supported the American Dream, then Daisy and Gatsby would have ended up together, living happily. The reason it did not work out that way, rooted from the need to obtain money and pleasure in a way that destroyed lives.All in all, I can say that I have most certaintly read better books. The Great Gatsby will not be appearing on my top forty favorite books list either. This novel could use some improvements in order for me to rank it higher."
"The only things that happened in this book happened in the last fifty  pages. It's boring, and the only reason I read it is because it was an  English assignment. The plot was dreary and I did not like it!"
"F. Scott Fitzgerald is not by any means as talented as truly excellent writers like Jules Verne, H. G. Wells or Tolkien, but he manages a writing style which, if not involving, is at least amusing at times, even when he's not trying to be.The Great Gatsby starts out in two massive egg-like structures made for luxury on Long Island, in a futuristic setting almost reminiscent of an anime, and like an anime, starts with characters discussing things that promise great things from the story.Of all the characters found in the novel, only the narrator; a man known as Nick, is morally-upright to any noticable degree.  This itself isn't so bad.  I often like stories with a lot of evil characters.  The problem is that very often in novels worth reading, evil characters either confront their evil tendencies leading to internal conflict, and/or are overcome by them, and it makes them interesting as a result.Really, that's my problem with this story.When dealing with Nemo or Griffin or Dorian Grey in truly excellent novels, we face characters who have been tainted by evil impulses, and as a result, their characters are interesting to watch as their evil impulses are in direct contrast to the parts of themselves that deep down, still desire to be good.  These contrasts paint truly impressive pictures, especially since the characters themselves always manage to use their good and evil sides to bring something truly amazing to the story.Gatsby, Tom, Wilson and Daisy don't do that.  The story plops the characters down in the middle of a city with what look to be the makings of an interesting picture, but it is missing the most important brush strokes.  ""The Great Gatsby"" promises a truly phenomenal occurance that could shock and amaze, but, and this is entirely the fault of the author, it never really follows through on that.  I was left feeling like ""what?  Where's the 'Kaboom?'""  This book neither contained the depth to involve me emotionally, nor the thrill to get me excited, and I was disappointed with that.  As I've said, Fitzgerald is, at times, unintentionally-humorous, but on the whole, this is a tedious read."
This book is a perfect example why kids don't like to read or find it  boring.  I read this in high school and was turned off by books.
"I first was forced to read this book in high school for English class.  That was well over ten years ago.  This book was like many of the other so called classics we had to read, depressing and dull.  For a young man coming of age who already broods over life, such books were not inspiring and did not instill a sense of adventure.  I was well read at a young age and enjoyed other great classics, but too often those greats were not part of the high school curriculum.As a more mature individual, I decided to give the book and the movie a second chance.  My wife and I are reading American classics as we are both writers.Again, I was utterly bored with the characters and the premise.  Yes, I sympathized with Gatsby, but as brilliant and hard working as we are to believe he was--he was actually a complete fool, blinded by love for a materialist bitch, which lead to his destruction.  Ok, I get the plot.  I understand the nuances in the book.However, the book, to me, just describes one party after another after another. And I don't just mean the Gatsby parties, I also mean the tea parties and all the conversations among multiple people who actually do not have anything to do with the plot. I forced myself to read the book.  It was not a page turner.  The characters were not interesting.  And the entirety of the plot can be summed up in a couple of sentences.When I watched the Redford movie, I found Jordan interesting, as she was in the book, but the emphasis was on the annoying, utterly unlovable Daisy, whom, for some incomprehensible reason, Gatsby sacrifices everything.  I will not watch that movie again!I think a bunch of divorced intellectuals have perpetuated this book through time and perpetrated it upon young adults.  We wonder why kids do not read much--well here is a good example.  Stop forcing them to read this book."
"Oops, sorry about that ! I seem to have fallen asleep again. Wonderful book for insomnia this....zzzzzzzzz"
"There are many different opinions as to how good or bad F. Scott Fitzgerald's 1920s novel of The Great Gatsby really is. It is quite comical to know the many dissimilar viewpoints there are because from several people, they praised the book and had said that it was one of their favorites, whereas others opposed it stating otherwise. So honestly, I unable to take any of their opinions of what they thought of the book into consideration, thusly I had to read it myself.When I first heard that my literature class and I had the opportunity to read The Great Gatsby, I had an open mind and frankly, I grew with such anticipation. The first few pages immediately begins with the narrator, Nick Carraway, a rather timid man from the mid-west, who becomes quite interested into all the glamour and glitz of the New York, along with the wonder of his uncanny neighbor, Jay Gatsby. Nick is definitely not your average narrator. He generally judges all his surroundings by its cover, and basically has something to say about everything. And with Fitzgerald as the author, all that is being judged is extremely detailed as it can get. Some may say detail is good, but I say, too much detail can get others thrown off and indifferent toward the novel.As the novel progressed in content, I began to grow uninterested. I felt that I wasn't as into the novel like others had appeared to be, and my mindset toward the book wasn't quite as good as I hoped. To be honest, the novel's storyline wasn't half-bad; it was typical, a so-called ""classic,"" but nonetheless it was rather acceptable. Fitzgerald focuses on a plethora of different characters dealing with their lives of betrayal, love, and sometimes even death; doesn't that sound quite alluring?Charm is brought into this tragic tale as Fitzgerald adds his romantic side into play. He shows how one character loses his love and strives to regain his love back. It is certainly reasonably endearing, but it appears to show originality on Fitzgerald's part.  To me, I feel as if it has already been done. Uniqueness is the basis to any story, in order for the reader to stay fascinated, the author must create something that is out of the ordinary, therefore keeping the reader more than satisfied.All in all, Fitzgerald's ""Best American Novel of All Time"" unfortunately isn't at its best. Honestly, the way he expresses his writing with such perplex detail isn't the smartest approach an author, who supposedly is seen as one of the greatest American novelist in American Literature, should make. As a reader you should consider these factors as to how to judge this so called ""classical"" novel written by the infamous and supposed great writer, F. Scott Fitzgerald for yourself. But truthfully, if you, as a reader, define Fitzgerald's archetypal storyline as great as its title; that is beyond me."
"A famous book, I was surprised that is was a love story. Our narrator. Nick moves to West Egg to be close to work in New York as a broker. He tells us the events of one summer that he witnessed whilst living next door to Jay Gatsby.Gatsby is a tragic figure who can't move on from his past love and he moves to the big house to be close to her. The rich people are silly and flighty and that don't care how their actions affect people aroudn them.Entertaining but strangley disappointing"
Hard read and confusing
"I was forced to read this book for school.  I hated every page of this book.  It was boring and had no point.  Even though it is apparently one of the greatest Am. novels from the twenties, it is bad.  I dont like any of  the characters.  They should all be destroyed b/c they are all awful people  who would rather party than actually face their lives.  I dont think that  teachers should force students to read it b/c just because it happens to be  by F. Scott Fitzgerald.  Big whoop."
I'm about a third of the way through The Great Gatsby and I'm bored to death.  Don't plan to finish it. Not sure why anyone would want to read this book - saw someone's review that said they read it every year.  I could certainly find a book I like better than this one for a yearly re-read!  Sorry I spent good money for it!
"The Great Gatsby contained nothing more than can be found in a TV soap opera.  All of the characters where one sided and underdeveloped.  The book makes a poor attempt at exploring human nature, which pales in comparison to great novels such as ""Catcher in the Rye"".  It was one of the most boring and shallow books that I have ever read"
"The book was a spark not version of the book, and it did not state that ANYWHERE in the description of the book. i am highly disapointed because i now have to go out and  buy the actual book. it was very a big disapointment. i will never buy something from amazon again."
"I feel that F. Scott Fitzgerald left much to be desired in this book. In th e plot, the characters, his descriptions of almost anything really-were lacking to say the least. Read if you must, but do not expect to be entertained or enlightened."
"I am very upset that this is such a classic, yet it is $10 on the Kindle... It's more than even the hardback book. I was told classics were supposed to be free; clearly not."
"It is an average book with respect to everything: storyline, style, pace, and characters. I couldn't finish reading it even though it is a thin book."
"It was too ""wordy"". Members of the Book Club that I am involved in did not give it a good review. What makes it a ""classic""?"
""". . . I'm inclined to reserve all judgments. Reserving judgments is a matter of infinite hope"" (5-6). F. Scott Fitzgerald opens The Great Gatsby with Nick's commentary to define his purpose for The Great Gatsby: no one can't judge others; he can only allow the different arguments of a situation to lead to a point of cognitive dissonance, define his hopes, and strengthen him as a person. Some view The Great Gatsby as a love story about Fitzgerald and Zelda, his wife, through Gatsby and Daisy's relationship, while others dig deeper to find underlying controversial issues of bisexuality through Gatsby and Dan Cody's relationship. These were just tactics Fitzgerald uses to bring the reader to a point of cognitive dissonance so he will discover his deepest hopes and unshakable beliefs. Great pieces of literature use such tactics. Set in the suburbs of New York City, The Great Gatsby tells Nick Carraway's story of the quirky character Jay Gatsby. It focuses upon Gatsby's love and pursuit of Daisy Buchanan, while reflecting upon his detour relationship with Dan Cody. From beginning to end balanced evidence for each relationship allows presents the reader to ponder Gatsby's personal life and intentions, with a choice of focusing on the obvious and judging what is right or wrong or weighing the different arguments to determine personal hopes. One reviewer claims that The Great Gatsby is a love story modeled after Fitzgerald and Zelda's marriage, especially through Daisy and Gatsby's relationship. Gatsby and Daisy's past was electric. When young, they were so engrossed in each other that Daisy didn't notice Jordan Baker five feet away! Ms. Baker describes it as romantic how Gatsby looked at Daisy. This reviewer's argument that the novel was a pure love story is logical but too obvious to be Fitzgerald's purpose for writing the novel. Another reviewer questions the intentions of Gatsby's ""youthful relationship"" with Dan Cody and suggests that Gatsby may be bisexual. Gatsby and Dan Cody's first meeting was electric, also. Gatsby smiled and Cody found him ""quick and extravagantly ambitious"" (106). Cody bought him expensive clothes and even included him in his will. This ""arrangement,"" as he called it, might have lasted indefinitely; that is, until Cody's wife stepped in. This is a more sophisticated, intuitive suggestion but still not Fitzgerald's purpose for writing the novel. Fitzgerald provides supporting evidence for both relationships to prevent the reader from knowing exactly how Gatsby feels; to prevent the reader from making a judgment. Every great writer uses similar tactics of weighing arguments with limited information to push the reader to a greater level of understanding. For example, George Orwell's 1984 weighs unattached versus emotional sex; Nathaniel Hawthorne's Scarlet Letter weighs parental obligations versus social status; Shakespeare's Othello weighs fate versus decisions; John Cheever's ""Enormous Radio"" weighs privacy versus safety. Each presents arguments concerning judgment and hope to lead the reader to a point of cognitive dissonance and relate it to his personal life, learning that he is unable to make a polar judgement about another person's life.  Fitzgerald is exemplifying that the reader can't make forthright judgements about Gatsby's personal relationships, especially his sexual preference; the reader can only weigh each argument with his personal hopes and determine what is best for himself. Sure, Fitzgerald could have used his marriage as a model for the novel, and clear evidence supports that Gatsby has bisexual tendencies. Neither of these was Fitzgerald's purpose for writing the novel.  Every great writer uses these tactics in for a greater purpose. Any writer could attack social issues or write a love story, but it takes a great author to change a reader's life."
"In F. Scott Fitzgeralds's novel The Great Gatsby, he manages to completely bore his reading audience by slowing down his depiction of the fictional story.  This novel has a bittersweet storyline to it, which can keep a reader hooked at certain points, but not all throughout the novel.  The love between Jay Gatbsy and the married Daisy Buchanan is just enough to keep this story going, without it, Fitzgerald has nothing to keep anyone wanting to pursue the plot.  The strength of the characters in this novel is also questionable.  This book is one that will not be missed for those who would like to read about little excitement once in a while.  The Great Gatsby is a decent piece of fiction, but its slow formation, poor narration, and lack of enthusiasm fails to keep its audience entwined.The introduction in this novel should just be skimmed, because reading would take too much time and it is far too detailed for any intro.  Much of the background that Fitzgerald puts into the story is unnecessary and for the most part, mundane.  At one point, he goes into detail describing pages of guests that go to one of Jay Gatsby's numerous parties.  ALthough this book does move slowly, some of the romantic moments between Jay and Daisy do cause a little bit of suspense in the storyline.  The ending to this story is also another drawn out process.  It is again filled with a bunch of statements that really do not pertain to the story as a whole.  The end is full of sentimental thoughts that do not really mean much to the reader.  Basically, Fitzgerald becomes extremely wordy when he begins and finishes the Great Gatsby.Nick Carraway, the narrator in this story is a poor character.  As he tells about the individual lives of the characters, he seems to give off a sense of detachment.  Being the narrator, of course, he might be somewhat not as important as the rest of the characters; however, it is almost as if he was not even a part of the story.  The book would have been better without him because he did not do much to give a true insight on the feelings of each person.  He is far too conservative for a person who is supposed to give the opinions about the actions of the main people in the two love triangles.  Perhaps if Nick were more a direct and upfront about his take  on the romantic episodes Jay Gatsby and Daisy Buchanan along with Myrtle Wilson and Tom Buchanan, the audience might be enthusiastic about reading.Fitzgerald uses his own life experiences as a guide in this story, which in a way helps readers understand some parts of the chemistry between Jay and Daisy during the roaring twenties.  The poor guy that Fitzgerald used to be was Jay and the beautiful rich girl that he was in love with, but could not have, was the married Daisy Buchanan.  Although the plot might be fascination enough to keep some readers going others may find the general story far too detailed and at some parts boring.  Sure, the ending might serve as the spontaneity that readers were waiting for; however, they should not have to wait until the end to be surprised.  Most authors may throw the readers many times during a story in order to provoke those people into guessing what might happen.  Fitzgerald does that less than a few times making the novel less enthralling.The Great Gatsby is a great story if one can truly appreciate its many details along with its wordy introductions and closings.  A reader needs more than patience alone to read this book all at once.  Now wonder this book did not receive the acclaim that it has now, when it was first published."
"For years I have seen this book on every list of great, must-read books.  I finally got around to it, and I was left confused and incredibly disappointed.  At no point did I really care about any of the characters or the plot.  I kept waiting for it to get better.  I kept waiting for something dramatic or enlightening to occur.  Nothing ever happened that made me understand why so many critics, scholars, and avid readers adore this book.  I am an educated woman and was an English major in college, so I don't think this book was ""over my head.""  I would gladly read Chaucer, Shakespeare, Milton, Steinbeck, etc. over and over again, but I don't think I'll read Fitzgerald ever again!  The Great Gatsby is an oxymoron because it is NOT great!"
The following is a cut-up of other one-star reviews of this product.Exciting needs to stretch the mind.  Mass-produced tickertape parade of sleeping pills.  It needs to use sci-fi interest.  Imagination murder is what makes the mind.  A man spliced together out of old newsreels.  1920s self pity is a wonderful thing.  View love in a distant manner.
"This book was given to me as an asignment.  I had to read it and it was boring!  I have never read a book that almost had no point to it in my whole life.  I don't see a point in reading about people with no lives.  The book should have been about the narrator.  He was the one who had a  life.  Nick, the narrator should have been the star of the book."
"It seems that complaining is the national pastime, and this book is no exception. It would apear that Mr. Fitzgerald was somewhat unhappy, and decided to tell the world, along the way gving the rest of us something else to complain about. The critisisms of the American dream, and of rich people are true certainly, but hey, we already knew that. He seems to veiw love in a distant manner, as if it never works out for anybody. Self pity is such a wonderful thing, isn't it. So, if your feeling the least bit perky, just pick up a copy, and soon, if it doesn't put you to sleep, you'll find yourself in a dreary funk."
"It truly is. I am quite sure that Fitzgerald is more than capable of  writing a work of art. Unfortunately, this is not it.The plot is very  tiresome and the book gets boring FAST. The dialogue is simply the  hobnobbing of a bunch of snobs.All of the characters are quite  one-dimensional which allows for minimal character growth and even less  character depth.The only redeeming quality of this book is its use of  ""color symbolism"". But not even a great literary technique can  salvage this novel.In short, DO NOT READ this."
"I do not understand why this is a classic, for the following reasons:1. The descriptions of things like an entrance hall that went on for at least two pages.2. The vacuous characters, who lived in an artificial world unconcerned with anything but the great American pastime, avarice (which I might add, is a Catholic Deadly Sin for good reason);3. Daisy's irresponsibility in I. wanting stupidity in her daughter(boy do I feel sorry for the girl)- there were some women then who wanted more II. letting Gatsby (her LOVER for God's sake) take the blame for running Myrtle over when she drove his car, getting Gatsby killed.4. Its overall PRETENTIOUSNESS!I had to read it for English, and by God, every sentence bored me to sleep.Please do not waste your time with these undead characters (without brains, they must CONSUME AND CONSUME AND CONSUME)."
"this booke is very stupid, just like all the other  secular writers out in the world.  quite frankly, they should not be writing about ""worldly"" things that do not affect people in any way whatsoever!  after reading this book, your life will be the same as before you read  it...why not read a book that will change your life and the way you think  of things? what book is this? it is ""THE BOOK""... the BIBLE!  God  loves you no matter what, but why not give your life to him as he gave his  son for you?  God Bless You and May Your Days Be Bright!!!"
"Why is this book so famous?  I only bought it because I knew I would need a lot of reading material while I was recovering from my bunionectomy (details of which I'll get to in a minute) and because I like romance.  Big mistake.O.K. the first red flag was that this book isn't part of any series.  In my experience if a book isn't part of a series it probably didn't turn out too well and the author probably didn't really know what he was doing.  I'm sorry, but if something's good people want more, you know?  Like Fiddle Faddle (5 Stars!)  Or Vicodin.The second red flag happens real early.  In my copy this happens on page 6 but I use a pretty big font, so it might be different for you.  Anyway the main guy, Nick?, Ned? says he had a dog until it ran away.  Does he tell us what kind of dog?  No.  Does Ned contact the SPCA?  Make posters?  No, he goes to his neighbor's mansion for more cocktails.  If a writer hates dogs it's pretty hard for me to care about his story or his characters.  I know it was supposed to be ""the roaring 40's"" and everything, but IMHO every character in this book needed to find a good church with a regular AA meeting in the basement.  You might think I'm being overly sensitive (or you're a cat person like my evil step-sister) but the thing is I was in the middle of exploring just how much this author hates dogs when the terrible trauma happened to Sprinkles.  MY DOG.See because of my surgery procedure (which also corrected my hammer toe condition ouchy-ouch!) I knew I wasn't going to be able to take Sprinkles out very much.  So I bought him a new rubber toy to play with cause he gets pretty wound up and will start chewing the paneling off the walls if he's not let outside at least once a day.  I got him an ""Extra-Large Purple Pimple Bone with Bell"".  It looked fun but I should have done more research.  I would tell you to check out my review for this appalling product, but I haven't posted it yet since I'm still waiting to get an email back from the personal injury attorney I contacted on Sprinkle's behalf.What happened was Sprinkles was being a very good doggy, gnawing on the pimple bone and throwing it in the air just like he was supposed to when suddenly I realized I wasn't hearing the bell anymore.You can imagine my horror when I picked up my little baby and gave him a gentle shake.  Sprinkles jingled!  And it wasn't his collar.  (He had swallowed the bell!!)Total panic.  Okay, he was breathing fine and didn't seem at all effected, but believe me, intestinal blockage is a serious emergency.However not everyone knows this - an example of this kind of ignorance would be my two ""so-called friends"" who were ""unavailable"" to help me.  Also my step-sister (she's actually my real sister but I call her my step-sister because she's evil) who said she had done me enough favors since she drove me home from Dr. Schmuger's after my bunionectomy and I vomited in her car - which I explained at the time was a perfectly natural reaction to five hours of twilight anesthesia.  Anyway, long story short guess who had to rush Sprinkles (and his pet carrier) to the vet on the bus?  On crutches!Well, I limped down to the bus stop okay, but then I found out they'd changed all the bus numbers! The 16 is now a 37L or 38F and runs about every hour and a half.  And then to transfer downtown I had to take the 11 which is now the 18A.  Then the driver didn't want to let me on with Sprinkles and I had to explain that he was experiencing an emergency colonic obstruction and if he wanted my dog to just die on his stupid folding bus bench he should just say so.  The driver finally let us on, but then he had the gall to say - and this is a direct quote, ""Alright, somebody give the crazy b with the crutches one of the gimp seats!""  I was so infuriated I forgot to get the driver's name, but I've written a letter to the transportation authority with a very thorough description.  I'm guessing they've gotten complaints from others about this man and they should be able to match it up pretty easily.  I'm actually sure this will happen because I also included a sketch - I can be quite an artist when I'm enraged.At this point some of you may be wondering why I went all the way across town to ZooMergency when Dr. Paws is closer.  If you're one of those people I would urge you check out my 2008 blog post ""Christmas with Sarcoptic Mange"" to see why I will never be going back to Dr. Paws!BTW, typo alert! Gayety?  I think I know how to spell ""gaiety"" - too bad this author doesn't.Anyway, I hobble into ZooMergency and of course even though I called ahead I still had to wait.Fortunately I had my Kindle with me, unfortunately I was still reading this book.Dear Mr. F. Scott, There are no ""yachts"" in Lake Superior.  I've been to this Lake with my relatives.  It's freezing, you can't even get up to your knees without shivering and needing to pee.  And the only boats they have on it are big barges filled with taconite balls.  I doubt this writer ever spent any time in Minnesota and was only using the location because people think the midwest is full of moral people or something, which if you go by my relatives is a misguided notion for sure.I actually couldn't concentrate on the book that well because of all the cat hair in the waiting room.  Sprinkles is terribly allergic to cats and every time my poor baby sneezed the bell would ding and I'd get upset all over again.If you're someone who thinks that's amusing then you're probably the Creep in the waiting room with the boa constrictor that kept sticking its head out of its bag to stare at my sweet little defenseless dog.  Attention Creep, constantly fondling the head of your snake and cooing ""Easy, Carmine, that's not the dinner bell,"" gets pretty old after 75 minutes.And then when they finally called us in we got stuck with some intern doctor.  How hard can it be to figure out what's wrong?  Here's the chewed-up purple pimple bone, shake Sprinkles, two plus two, right?  No, he wanted to run up the bill with x-rays.$496.27 later he announces that - ""The bell looks pretty small, he can probably just pass it.""  Well if he'd just asked me how big the bell was I could have told of him, I didn't need to spend five hundred smackers.  And then right after that he had the nerve to ask, ""What do you usually feed him? He looks like he could lose a few pounds.""  Sprinkles is half Cockeranian!!  Of course he gains weight easily - he's also part Schnoodle  and curly hair can often give the illusion that someone is fat.  I learned this last year when I let that horrible ""beautician"" at Shear Joy talk me into a perm.  I'm sure Shear Joy is out of business now so I don't need to mention her name, but just in case it isn't I can tell you she's the anorexic one with the ring in her nose.So anyway, then this same ""veterinarian"" tries to talk me into a ridiculously expensive prescription. Like I told him, ""Thanks for your expert advice, but why would I spend $45 on doggy laxatives when I can just go home and cook up a pound of bacon?""And ZooMergency, if you think you can just ignore your customers when they dispute blatant overcharges I would suggest you scroll over to your yelp page and see what a certain ""insane"" customer has to say about the way a certain ""Dr."" Miguel Woo treats his patients.After that ordeal we managed to make it home and here's the good news: I probably lost five pounds after hopping on my crutches for 20 blocks when the 37F failed to arrive.  And the bad news?  I discovered my armpits had broken out in hives.I'm no stranger to treating fungal infections, but unfortunately due to my bunion dressings I couldn't take a neck-deep bath in Quaker Oats and Maple Sugar like I usually do.  Basically I just had to go ""topless"" and suffer.Oh and here's a tip - if you're going to be cooking a lot of bacon while semi-nude I would suggest using a low flame - you'll be happier.After I fed Sprinkles the drippings (his absolute favorite - and he never remembers there's a price to pay) I got back to the Great Gatsby.  I wasn't going to even finish the book but I read the part where the Mertle character gets an Airedale and I wanted to see what happens to it.  But here's the thing Spoiler! they never tell you!As for the rest of the book I have to say I agree with the tenth-grader who said the book made him want to take a nap every three pages.  Only in my case it wasn't ""nap"" it was ""scratch the suppurating sores in my armpits like a baboon.""It was a long night - thank heavens for Vicodin!  If I could review Vicodin I would give it four stars.  I'd like to give it five stars, but one side effect is that it tends to give me a pinchy cramp just below my bellybutton after I've eaten bacon.And in case you're wondering, Sprinkles' story has a much better ending than this ""novel"".After eight trips to the backyard (I'm sure my nosy neighbors were curious why I was running outside half-naked with a flashlight and chopsticks all night - not that it's any of their business) I finally, FINALLY found the bell shining in the moonlight.  I took a picture of it that turned out pretty good - I'd post it, but it's probably going to be important evidence in our lawsuit.In conclusion I would say that if you're a person who hates dogs or you're an alcoholic or you're someone who just loves bad writing then you might like this book.  Everyone else, I would urge you to stay far, far away - life is too short."
This is one of those novels you hear about your entire life and finally get around to reading.What a bore.The stilted language is like trying muddle your way through Beowulf in Middle English.Save your money if you're just dying to read this book and get a used paperback version.
Its sad that just because something is old that people automatically think its great. This book is a terrible bag of garbage full of nonsense. Do yourself a favor and dont read this. Its not a classic its just terrible crap that society thinks is good cause its old.
"The Great American Novel, some say.  Difficult to understand because it was written in the language of the times, say others.  It is neither.  I borrowed this book because it was supposed to be a classic.  Instead I found it was lacking in sympathetic characters, focus, meaning (aside from the very obvious, played-to-death 'everything is superficial' theme), and thoroughly unabsorbing.  From the moment it started out, it rang false. It begins with the narrator (Nick Carraway; even his >name< is mediocre) giving the reader a lot of pointless information.  Do we need to know that he looks like a painting of his great-uncle?  He goes over in very abstract terms, what he got out of the experience that this book is about, which would have been infinitely more meaningful toward the end.  I'm sorry that I have not read any of Fitgerald's other works - I hear ""Tender is the Night"" is supposedly better - but that leaves my opinion unclouded by prejudice.  This book is amateurish, meek, and clumsy.  Where is the elegant prose that other reviews go on about?  The most I can say about this book is that it ends correctly, though somewhat predictably.  For marginally better books on the same era, try PG Wodehouse's Jeeves or Blandings Castle series.  They may not be quite as serious, but that can be a good thing."
"I fail to see why this book is such a literary rave.  It's the story about spoiled rich people with no meaning to their lives.  If this is the best of the author's works, I won't read any more of his books.  There are too many  truly good books in the library."
"This was a good book that was short and that was pretty cool. long books annoy me. It told the story of jay gatsby, a man who had everything he wanted except his love of five year ago, Daisy Buchannan, who now is married to Tom Buchanan, who hates Gatsby. Eventually Gatsby is shot by a man who thinks gatsby killed his wife. ... Go read it. ..."
"I was astounded that one other person rated this book as lowly as I did--I thought that all sense had completely drained out of the world.Walking into a room of pseudo-intellectuals and proclaiming ""Gatsby sucks!"" isn't the best idea these days, it seems.  But crimony.  Read the thing.  I've read the thing.  I don't understand what the big deal is about.  This isn't good prose.  It's self-help.  It's also pretty insulting.  How agonizingly elementary does symbolism have to be before a reader realizes that the author has taken him for a fool?  Fitzgerald writes with all the subtlety of a locomotive.  He sounds like he's trying way too hard, and in the end, what was intended as verbal sweep and style reads as tackiness.  ""Gatsby"" is the work of a bad juggler--it would have been so much better if he'd tried fewer balls.  (If you want to see a man drop twenty metaphors on a page and actually get away with it, thanks to God-given writing genius, read Shakespeare or Robert Penn Warren's ""All the King's Men."")What we have here is a book that for some strange reason has been ranked for all time with ""The Sun Also Rises,"" ""The Sound and the Fury,"" and ""The Grapes of Wrath.""  I think it's enough to acknowledge that Hemingway, Faulkner, and Steinbeck weren't the only American writers of their day--there was also a lightweight pretender named F. Scott--and move on.  Gertrude Stein was around in those days, too, and Hemingway couldn't stand her, either.  One star--actually make that one green light."
"This ebook costs more than the paperback and more even than the hardbound editions. To make matters work, this book, written in 1925, ought to be in the public domain. Lo and behold, it is! A quick search on the internet shows it's free at various sites in pdf format which will work on the kindle. I wish Amazon and the publishers would straighten out their cost structure. This is an example of the absurdity of the kindle and it's broken pricing structure."
"I fail to see why this book is such a literary rave.  It's the story about spoiled rich people with no meaning to their lives.  If this is the best of the author's works, I won't read any more of his books.  There are too many  truly good books in the library."
Even though I'am in 10th grade and was forced to read this i still think it was bad.  The beginning started out way to slow and i already hated it.  Then i just goes into a bunch of affairs that are happening in the 1920's.  Then when Daisy runs over Myrtle you knew Gatsby was in trouble.  I think  this book was too much like a soap opera.  I did not like it at all.  But  then again I'm in 10th grade.
"I truly, truly do not understand how and why this book is considered a classic novel. Excluding foreign works that put this book viciously to shame, even for an American novel, this is not an extraordinary achievement. I'll admt, however, that had this been called a short story, I should have more respect for it; but it is considered a novel! one of the greatest novel of all times, one reviewer wrote! Anyone who believes that has never read a single ""great"" book in his or her life. Read ""The Man Who Laughs,"" ""The Brothers Karamazov,"" anything by Chekhov, ""Les Miserables,"" ""War and Peace,"" ""The Magic Mountain,"" ""The Decameron,"" or even ""Pride and Prejudice"" and then come back exclaiming this is ""the perfect novel!"" It is not. It's wretchedly unorganized, sloppy, more shallow than a puddle of water quickly drying in the sun, poorly written, overly ambitious, and in everyway wanting. I was not forced to read this for highschool, I did for enjoyment, and though I found the work enjoyable, it was enjoyable in the way that a movie is enjoyable: a brief moment of delightfulness. ""Long Journey into Night"" had more literary qualities than this, and that's a movie. I do not mean to sound harsh in this review, but I wish American readers had the ability to recognize great work. But as I was commenting on earlier, even as an American novel, to place this swill on the same level as ""true"" American classics such as ""As I Lay Dying,"" ""The Awakening,"" and ""Walden"" is an insult to the genre. I hope this review has been helpful."
"Now at 70 yo I remember why I hated this crap for a book.  This kindle rep is Ok, but sadly doesn't change Fitzgerald's stupid book.  Only elite academics would ever have urged people to read this crap.....after all these years, it is just something you ""must""  (gag) read.  Don't"
This book should be in the public domain.  it is available through Project Gutenberg for free.  see the following site for instruction on how legally to obtain a free copy:[...]
it is ok not a great novel the story is confusing not written good hope for better book in the future
"This is my first review, extremely trite, admittedly, but about 100 pages into it, I couldn't see the point to this book. I finally gave up. Maybe I was looking for too much meaning into it. I know this is a classic, but it just didn't resonate with me."
"When I first heard that my English teacher gave us the opportunity to read ""The Great Gatsby,"" I had an open mind and frankly, I grew with such anticipation. The first few pages immediately begins with the narrator, Nick Carraway, a rather timid man from the mid-west, who becomes quite interested into all the glamour and glitz of the New York, along with the wonder of his uncanny neighbor, Jay Gatsby. Nick is definitely not your average narrator. He generally judges all his surroundings by its cover, and basically has something to say about everything. And with Fitzgerald as the author, all that is being judged is extremely detailed as it can get. Some may say detail is good, but I say, too much detail can get others thrown off and indifferent toward the novel.As the novel progressed in content, I began to grow uninterested. I felt that I wasn't as into the novel like others had appeared to be, and my mindset toward the book wasn't quite as good as I hoped. To be honest, the novel's storyline wasn't half-bad; it was typical, a so-called ""classic,"" but nonetheless it was rather acceptable. Fitzgerald focuses on a plethora of different characters dealing with their lives of betrayal, love, and sometimes even death; doesn't that sound quite alluring?Charm is brought into this tragic tale as Fitzgerald adds his romantic side into play. He shows how one character loses his love and strives to regain his love back. It is certainly reasonably endearing, but it appears to show originality on Fitzgerald's part. To me, I feel as if it has already been done. Uniqueness is the basis to any story, in order for the reader to stay fascinated, the author must create something that is out of the ordinary, therefore keeping the reader more than satisfied. I don't agree with Fitzgerald's title for the story. To my knowledge there was nothing great about Gatsby. He used people to his advantage like the way he used Nick to get to Daisy. To get Nicks help he would even in a manner, bribe him. Was it because he was rich and famous? He became rich through illegal activities such as bootlegging with shady figures such as Wolfshiem and he was just as famous as rumors about him were. There is nothing great about that struggling man. A more appropriate title would be ""The Late Gatsby"". He is dead inside.However this novel does not end in fairy tale. It is more of a Shakespeareans play, a tragedy. Although I'm more partial to happy endings, the twist in the story does very well suit it. The story is pieced together well, in stormy plot, but lacks excitement towards the ending. Maybe Fitzgerald was headed in the direction of simplicity but that wasn't the case here.All in all, Fitzgerald's ""Best American Novel of All Time"" unfortunately isn't at its best. As a reader you should consider these factors as to how to judge this so called ""classical"" novel written by the infamous and supposed great writer, F. Scott Fitzgerald for yourself. But truthfully, if you, as a reader, define Fitzgerald's archetypal storyline as great as its title; that is beyond me."
"Prepare yourself, because the following is a less than glowing review of a revered classic.  Yes, it's true, I am making myself vulnerable to all sorts of negative votes to express an honest, yet negative, opinion on a ""classic"" book.But first, a little plot overview.  This is a tragic lovestory told through the eyes of Nick Carraway, a Midwestern transplant to New York who happens to live in a modest house in a very rich neighborhood.  He is the narrator, but most of the action is happening with other principal figures, most prominently J Gatsby.  Gatsby is a mysterious figure who has gained wealth quickly from questionable means and goes to great lengths to win the heart of the woman he loves...who happens to be Nick's cousin.The story twists and turns and describes Gatsby's high-rollin' lifestyle -- which would make a great episode in today's world of MTV Cribs -- and melds together several love stories with a great description of the ""bored rich"" living in the 1920's.  The story is very entertaining and moves you along quickly.So, if this were a novel I picked up without knowing anything about it, I would probably be glowing and gushing all over the floor about it.  But it's not.  It is ""classic"" literature whose merits to fit into that category seem to be in debate.  Well, here are my two cents.Some of the arguments that I have seen for this book's greatness are its beautiful language, Fitzgerald's economy of words, and the portrayal of the Jazz Age.  And to that I say, first, that yes, the language is very good and I liked alot of the writer's descriptions, but they simply did not blow my doors off like other classics seem to.  My personal grade would be a B+.Secondly, hey, economy of words is great, and I appreciate that an author is able to express him/herself succinctly (as opposed to many non-classic current authors,) but that in and of itself is kind of like an add-on benefit for me, like if the car dealer throws in some customized floor mats or something.  That's great, but it's not a deal maker-or-breaker.Thirdly, I appreciate the portrayal of this period in history.  But I really don't care that much about the bored rich in that period of history.  By reading some reviewers' comments, you would think that this would be akin to learning about the hardships of Western pioneers or the tribulations of flood victims or something.  It's just not that captivating of a topic to me to carry a story, but I guess that is personal preference.So, to summarize.  I liked the book.  I give it four stars.  But it has a wagon-load of expectations that it is carrying, and I just felt like I was missing something when I was reading it.  And perhaps that just means I don't have enough edgukashuns to ""get it,"" but this feeling seems to be a common one among other readers, even those who have finished high school.Go ahead.  Commence with the negatives."
"Brilliantly written, yes, but the story I was not quite satisfied with.  It seemed to lack depth.  No real conflict.  Fabulous people living fabulous, rich lives in the Hamptons.  A nice escapist novel but not quite enough substance for me."
"I read this book thinking I missed something by not reading it going through school.  I didn't.  The premise is decent enough and may have even been more original when he wrote it.  But the fact is he wrote it quickly, across the ocean from his editor (no e-mail or faxes in those days), and the book apparently didn't even get edited appropriately before publication (Fitzgerald was already a success by the time he wrote this).The result is something barely fleshed out beyond your basic plot outline.  This is just the bare bones, no character development, no real insight into what is happening, just a string of events that come to what Fitzgerald must have thought was a shocking conclusion (although you aren't entirely sure how you got there - we don't really know how Daisy made her decision).  The ride is great though.  Page after page of poorly edited text that reads like stream of consciousness, first draft writing as opposed to a finished work.  I swear at least once he used a word that isn't even a word.  It was so unintelligable that in certain editions (before they went back to previous Fitzgerald drafts and corrected the mistake) a simple grammatical error meant that you could think Daisy was pregnant before marrying Tom.  Such a small error actually dramatically changes how you interpret the key plotline of the book.This book actually was not a smashing success upon publication, nor immediately after Fitzgerald's death.  No, it became popular in the 1950s as America became obsessed with class differences and simultaneously fascinated and envious of the wealthy.  This was the first novel in that space by pure happenstance because there wasn't much interest in the subject when Fitzgerald wrote it.  So being first to market in public schools eager to stoke class differences, it was widely used in schools and took off from there.Utterly skippable.  The best thing you can say about it is that for only 150 pages of your time, you too can claim to have read a classic novel."
It was okay not my type of book:/ but I had to read it for my at so yeah !
"""Look inside"" doesn't match the actual pagination.  I have several versions of this novel; this particular addition is not especially well made. It is kind of junky. :("
"If an eBook costs money, like this one does, I expect it to have a searchable contents, so that I can easily skip to any chapter I wish. This is shoddy from Amazon. Don't sell it, or make it free, if it can't have that most simplest of things. Makes me wish I'd pirated it instead of wasting my money."
I don't like writing bad reviews for books since I would never want to defer anyone from reading a book just because I said it was bad but I just have to say how I feel exactly about this book.  To be quite honest I have never been more disappointed in a book before.  I heard many praises about this book but when I actually read it I kept asking myself what is wrong with so many people who think this is a great book...I guess it's because the title of the book has the word great in it.All it's about is this guy who becomes way too obsessed with a so said 'golden girl' and just dedicates all her accomplishments to her.  It's a book about doomed marriages that ulitmately results in infidelity (what a surprise).  It's no wonder the book is classified as a tragedy.
"That way he cannot write something this trite and boring again. ""Slow to start"" and ""ambling"" are such understatements when describing this thing I can barely call a book, yet alone a novel. The overflow of useless and uneeded information in this thing makes it several chapters longer than need be. In fact, if Fitzgerald had written this book properly (no extra junk I could care less about) it would have been EXACTLY two sentences long- ""I'm rich."" and ""Oh, boo hoo."" The plot line resembles an episode of Beverly Hills 90210 (namely ""Let's sit around and whine about being rich. Next we'll get drunk and call each other names, fight, and run each other over!"" SHUT UP ALREADY!) I can rarely can say this, but I HATE HATE HATE HATE this book! FOR YOUR OWN GOOD, STAY AWAY FROM THIS BOOK IF YOU CAN HELP IT!"
"Because the digital version of this book is more expensive than the paperback, it deserves nothing better than one star."
"One of the greatest novels of the twentieth century, codswallop. This is nothing more than a romantic tale of Fitzgerals's longing to be one of the moneyed aristocracy, some of those people who had been around for a while. Was he happy to have talent and wealth? No, he wanted to be up there on the hill with the rich. What a cop out.Scott Fitzgeralds said to Ernest Hemingway ""the rich, you know they are different to you and I"" Ernie replied ""yes they've got more money"" and I reckon just for once that old braggart Ernie had hit the nail on the head.So what does Fiztgerald do, he has his hero Gatsby mysteriously get some money but no that is not enough because he is not part of society and he can only look at his long lost loves window over the water. It's the dilemma of the untouchable in India the Commoner in England buts its nonsense.  Its not American its just because Scott was a whoos. This is not literature its Mills and Boon.You know in your heart I'm right"
"I fail to see why this book is such a literary rave.  It's the story about spoiled rich people with no meaning to their lives.  If this is the best of the author's works, I won't read any more of his books.  There are too many  truly good books in the library."
"I fail to see why this book is such a literary rave.  It's the story about spoiled rich people with no meaning to their lives.  If this is the best of the author's works, I won't read any more of his books.  There are too many  truly good books in the library."
"The book was terrible, and I would not recommend this book to anyone.  I would recommend buying a different book."
"Man, what self-indulgent rubbish.""I am so rich...I am so observant...My friends are so rich...My friends have great parties...Gatsby is so rich...Gatsby is so neat...""So it's a great story about the Jazz era. It wasn't that great an era.If I wanted to read about lame, rich, full of themself people going to parties, I'd pick up People magazine.A bore."
I had to order this book for my Grand daughter who is in High School and they have to read this book for English 3
"The Modern Library declares that this is the 2nd greatest novel of the 20th century?Are you serious?  Above Lolita.and let's not forget the novels the list completely disregarded, that trample all over Fitzgerald's poorly dated morality tale:Gravity's RainbowV.The Crying of Lot 49White NoiseOne Flew Over the Cuckoo's NestJourney to the end of the NightNaked LunchBlood MeridianThe StrangerThe Old man and the SeaSeriously, Fitzgerald just was no good, and pales horribly in comparison to the true giant of 20th century American literature; Hemingway"
"To put it short, The Great Gatsby is a soap opera with depth. This book is obviously more than just a boy meets girl who is married to another boy book, but it is not much more. Sure, it raises interesting issues of consumerism and 1920's post war culture, but it never sets its heart on it. It touches it half heartedly, but it doesn't attack it like it should. Or as english teachers would say, it doesn't ""commit murder"". Fitzgerlad is too busy telling the story which happenes to be dull and unexciting at the most.The plot, the storyline, the story, and the execution of it is just poor. It's boring. It's futile. It's dumb. I fail to understand why Fitzgerald chose to use Nick, this incredibly dull and uninteresting character, as his narrator when he could have written it third person, or used a more interesting character for the narrator. Even the conversation and dialogue is quite useless. Take this for a sampler, ""I read somewhere that the sun's getting hotter every year...or wait a minute- it's ust the opposite- the sun's getting colder every year."" And this quote comes from nowhere and has to do with nothing.Gatsby was obviously drunk, or smoking marijuana when he was writing this book, and must have thougth that this book was pretty clever. It isn't. All I can say is that, I don't consider it a classic. It's just so haphazard and bad that people mistake it for being good."
"I fail to see why this book is such a literary rave.  It's the story about spoiled rich people with no meaning to their lives.  If this is the best of the author's works, I won't read any more of his books.  There are too many  truly good books in the library."
"I don't understand.  This book is called the Great Gatsby, but everyone in the book treats Gatsby like he's regular size.  What's so great about that?  I mean, if he were a giant or something, that would be totally sweet, but if he's just a normal size guy, then why does he get a whole book about his greatness?All I really remember about this book is there are some strange things about lights on the shore, and a chick named Daisy, which made me think about the Dukes of Hazard a little bit, but that's it.  I sorta vaguely remember Gatsby fighting a jive talking robot, but it was in one of the later chapters, so I won't ruin it for you.You can read this book if you want, but I'd recommend you try and figure out who is better: Kitt from Knight Rider, or the Orange car from Dukes of Hazard."
"The Great Gatsby is a book that has one prevailing theme rather than multiple points the author is trying to make. I believe this is the books ultimate weekness. The theme is ""you can't relive the past"". Okaaay, and? It just sort of stops there, comes to a sudden halt. To me, the Great Gatsby doesn't have any true deep thinking in this area. I feel that the development of themes throughout a novel are very important so I have to say the Fitz just doesn't cut it for me."
"This is professor of English George Armstrong's latest book, a look at hypocrisy. It is about a man named Bob, who wins a shaggy-dog contest only to discover that the President refuses to give him his prize money. Despairing, he flies to the Moon, where he meets two adorable aliens. Unfortunately, they end up killing everyone on Earth.Although many believe it to be a masterpiece, I thought this book was retarded."
"I fail to see why this book is such a literary rave.  It's the story about spoiled rich people with no meaning to their lives.  If this is the best of the author's works, I won't read any more of his books.  There are too many  truly good books in the library."
It grieves me deeply that we Americans should take as our classic a book that is no more than a lengthy description of the doings of fops.You would do better reading the Iliad.
"I read this book expecting much more. What I got was complete disappointment. There was absolutely nothing that appealed to me in this book. The story was boring, the characters were boring. This was truly one  of the worst books I have ever read. I must be missing something because I  seem to be one of the only ones on this earth who found the story to be  awful. It was painful for me to get through this book."
"I had to read this book as an assignment, and I found the language cumbersome, and difficult to read.  The last chapter says it all, the rest is filler.  It is considered a literary masterpiece according to the preface.  What makes it a masterpiece is the rewrite Fitzgerald did to make it so boring.  It is a tale of monied people leaving shattered lives behind for someone else to pick up, but written with priggish, even highhanded prose."
"I have been asked many times. What do I look for in a book? The answer is simple, the characters.If I don't care about the characters I won't care much about the book. Usually I give it 10 pages, if they can't get my attention by then they usually never can.Which I might add is the only thing I got out of this book.I didn't care about these people at all. A bunch of millionaires wallowing in their lives.Had it not been for all these reviews I wouldn't have bothered to read this book past page 10, and looking back I can't believe I finished it.Next time 10 pages and your out."
This is perhaps the most boring book I've ever been forced to read. Each of the characters is dull and predictable; you can guess in the beginning what the end will be. Save your time and money and buy a book that will actually keep you awake.
"Title: The Great GatsbyAuthor: F. Scott FitzgeraldType of Book: FictionalTheme: The theme of this novel is social position. Everyone in the novel tries to obtain a high social status in order to obtain something out of their reach. Gatsby spends his entire life trying to obtain a high social status so he can be good enough for Daisy. Tom and Daisy also abuse their high social positions in many ways. Tom cheats on Daisy as if nothing is wrong with that and Daisy runs away for the death of Myrtle as if she hasn't done anything wrong. They both believe that they are too good for such things to stand in their way and just move on as if nothing as ever happened.Background Information: During this time in the Novel the country had just came out of the great World War I. Young men and women all over the country were enjoying life as if there was no tomorrow. In F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby, the society is split up between two types of people: the rich from East Egg and the poor from West Egg.Content: The story contains four main characters: Nick, Daisy, Gatsby, and Tom. Nick, the cousin of Daisy, is the narrator of the novel. We see the novel through his point of view and from what he sees go on in the story. Daisy is the wife of Tom and she claims to be in love with Gatsby and decides to leave Tom for him. Tom cheats on Daisy with a girl from New York since the beginning of the story and Gatsby, who is deeply in love with Daisy, does almost anything in order to try to achieve her. He throws extraordinary parties in hopes of Daisy showing up to one so he can express his feelings for herReaction: I really didn't enjoy this novel. I thought it was well written and easy to understand but I just didn't find the book enjoyable or worth reading. I would much rather read novels with more interesting themes and much better plots and settings. The novel wasn't as terrible as I may have put it but it just wantn't my type of novel, I just didn't enjoy it."
"If people read this book without knowing its history of success, what would they think of it? My guess is that it would be forgotten very quickly. If you are a high school student assigned to read this book, then unfortunately you have to suffer through it. If you are a teacher, please save the children and assign them a more interesting book. For those reading for pleasure, I recommend skipping this poorly written book. The characters are cartoons. They behave in a predictable manner and have no depth. Perhaps at the time it was written, people saw something in it that made it a worthwhile read but it has not passed the test of time. Don't waste your time."
"I absolutely hated this story.  All the characters did was moan about their lives and do stupid things.  Daisy was a complete waste of oxygen and the rest of the characters just cried.  There was no action, no suspense, and no real plot.  The story didn't pick up until the end which is, let me remind you, the end.  This book should never have written!..."
"Along with Catcher in the Rye, this has got to be one of the most overrated, self-indulged pieces of ""literature"" ever written.  I don't understand why this is considered a ""classic.""  Because your English teacher and everyone else told you it was?  I wonder how many of these teachers, if you got them alone and really talked with them, actually like this book?  We were assigned to read this in an English lit II class in college (an evening class composed of mostly ""older"" students).  As anyone who's read this book knows, it's a relatively short book.  I was looking forward to it since I hadn't read it before and obviously, ""it's a classic!""  I thought since it was a shorter book I would read it twice -- once through to get a feel for the story and then back more thoroughly for the ""hidden meanings"" and ""symbolisms"" that were required for our essay.  I could barely get through it the first time let alone go through it a second time.  I ended up having to get the Cliff Notes, which I've never done.  I even rented the movie hoping that would spark my interest and couldn't even stand that.  I thought it was just me but after talking with some of my fellow classmates, they all felt the same.  NOBODY liked this book and EVERYBODY had trouble getting through it."
"I have had both rewarding and unrewarding experiences with classic literature. The Great Gatsby is certainly nothing I would have finished had it not been so short.My basic response to this book: It lacks depth of any significance. The descriptions are minimally imaginative, and never spark excitement. And the characters? The characterizations, the portrayal of the characters and their actions and emotions, are all simple and don't transmit any of the passion they are supposedly feeling. Supposedly, for example, the several main characters in the book, most notably Gatsby, have the Chalice of Life just at their fingertips, but are afraid to grasp it. But I got no feel for the inner anguish and turmoil and tortuous yearning that must arise from such fear and self-denial.In short, this book, while having a decent plot and overall structure, was boring, because the writing is boring. If The Great Gatsby was a serious attempt at good writing, then it is evident to me that Scott Fitzgerald had never in his his life experienced any significant passion or the thrill and thunderburst excitement that is the reward of spirited creativity."
"I was forced to read this bland, slightly layered and blatantly metaphoric book in high school. Aside from being traditional bourgie literature about the convoluted drama of rich people and not-rich-enough people, it makes several displays of Fitzgerald's attendant racism; not only in his caricatures of blacks and Jews, but in his character Tom's discussion of the excellent ""scientific"" book he is reading, ""The Rise of the Colored Empires"" by  Goddard, a thinly veiled reference to ""The Rising Tide of Color Against White World Supremacy"" by Stoddard. One could dismiss this as Tom's racism and not a reflection of Fitzgerald if it were not for Fitzgerald's constant stereotyping of blacks as clowning, ill-spoken servants. One could add a taste for highly inappropriate adjectives such as ""niggerish feet"" and ""noisy niggery street fairs"" in his other works.One may ask, if this is a Great American Novel, which America are we speaking of? Certainly, Fitzgerald's sentiments were shared by many people in his time, but I would like to think that we are progressing as a nation. We should be able to acknowledge both the literary merits of this novel (although I, myself, am hard-pressed to find them) and it's place in a long history of literature steeped in subtle and not-so-subtle white supremacy."
"In my time I have read many novels, most of which were at least pleasing and gave me a sense of having learned something.  In this soap-opera-like ""classic"" nothing is accomplished except reviewers making  themselves look good by calling the book good.  The book had no point  beyond the obvious, and if you found something deep within it, you are  obviously a very stupid person who had little understanding of life before  reading this novel.  You all should be ashamed of yourselves"
"The subjects of the book, The Great Gatsby, are Jay Gatsby and Daisy Buchannan. If you are rich and money if no object to you then you would see it as a non-fiction story. But if you are like the majority of other people around the United States, then it would be fiction. F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote this ""great"" novel that everyone proclaims it to be, which by some and sometimes many will tell you the opposite. The greatest book ever written in American Literature is just a man (Gatsby) who claims to be in love, but looks to be more obsessed, and is trying to win back his lost love (Daisy). Nick Carraway tells the story in third person. He tells of his summer spent in Long Island, New York with the rich and the richer. Nick describes in a very wordy way how each major event of the summer unraveled and played out. With love, suspense and heartbreak, Nick takes you in and even when you try your best to pull away, you just cannot. It is not so much the book is great as it is addicting. As human beings we are all curious, and one proverb states that curiosity kills the cat. People love drama, and that is what Fitzgerald perfectly describes in his novel. After fulfilling your curiosity with such descriptive and sometimes complicated wording, some might come to realize that there was nothing great about Gatsby all along. Sure the book maybe interesting but that is because people cannot keep their nose out of their own business. People are curious about other relationships and flings and try to dig deeper into them. So just as in the Great Gatsby, you find yourself digging in for more dirt on the romance of Daisy and Jay. Once completing the novel, you can see the resemblance to Jay and other people in the modern world. Mr. Jay Gatsby was the pioneer of rich people who swoon the females with his money. He is not great; he is just a bootlegger and a liar, just like a lot of people you might be familiar with in Hollywood. And Daisy Buchannan, what is there really to love about her? She is a shallow, gold digging swine that seems like she needs a taste of what it feels like to have no money. If you watched the movie like I did, then you'd hope she was poor to begin with.  Jay Gatsby is nothing but a fool in love and Daisy is just a fool in love with money. Nick Carraway, well he is just a fool who cannot keep his nose out of where it doesn't belong. The ending had me wanting more though, wanting to know what in the world just happened. A relationship ended abruptly with no closure, well if this in fact is take from certain events from Fitzgerald's life then I most certainly feel sorry for the many. The end could have been as worded longer and complex just like the rest of the book. But in my opinion Mr. Fitzgerald just got lazy and decided to end the book at that. The Jay Gatsby was as great as claimed to be, then so is everyone who hustles for a women (Donald Trump, me and every other rich non-attractive male with an overly-attractive partner) is great. And if that is true then so be it. I would like to be known as a great person too and have my memory forever etched in the annals of American Literature."
"when i looked at reviews for this many people said this was a classic and a must read. please! this book was one of the worst things i have ever read. i personally had no desire to read about spoiled rich people who had problems. omg i really had no sympathy for any of the characters, especially Gatsby. honestly, he had it coming. i'm sure a lot of older people will enjoy this book but if your under 21 i'd stay far far away"
it has no purpose.....its a hard to readboring book!?!?!? i dont find it that interesting...but i have to read it for school so what can you do?
This book was God awful. I felt so disappointed when i read that gatsby was murdered. I felt as if the world collapsed on me as i read this catastrophic event. Gatsby is the miz an and daisy is a sliz to the iz ut. Scott Fitzgerald i wish u were alive so i could kill u. Love DGS!!!
"DEADLY boring. I would have given it zero stars, but I guess one star is as low as you can go."
"It was kind of boring, I expected a lot better. I hope the movie will be better, but not sure I want to see it now."
i received the book in about a week and it was in great condition for being used. this is a great book.
"Great book, assigned by my English professor."
"Silly, insipid, uninspired. Story line, for what it is, over the years has gotten confused with the real life travails of the author.If this is what America today wants to see and read as ""literature"", God help us.Robert. E. Wyner"
"First off, I greatly prefer genre (i.e. commercial) fiction to literary fiction, so this fact will no doubt negatively color this review.I found the author's lyricism commendable and uniquely his own, but as for the plot ... well ... I found it to be poorly structured and somewhat choppy. The characters are pretty well crafted for a short novel such as this, but you don't really become enthralled with any of them. When the murder occurs, you really don't care. Even when the individual is struck by the car, you kind of go ""Oh, wow, that's too bad,"" but nothing more is felt. And there are a few minor loose ends that are never resolved. I finished the book with a feeling of ""Is that all there is?""Perhaps the big rush to get this into print was part of the reason for its shortcomings. I'm not sure. But I think it could have been vastly improved by the author had he been given the time and also the encouragement."
"The Great Gatsby written by F.Scott Fitzgerald is set during the marvelous and provocative age of the Jazz era. It is a story that follows the journey of a young man Nick Carraway who moves into a neighborhood in Long Island and is a neighbor to the eccentric powerful Gatsby. Nick has a cousin, Daisy Buchanan, who he goes visits and meets her husband Tom along with beautiful Jordan Baker. Every night Nick is amazed to see his neighbors' popularity and hear about his infamous parties. One night, he is surprised to find out the Gatsby has personally invited him to one of his entertaining parties. After going to Gatsby's parties many nights he was unsuccessful at meeting him until one night he sparks an interesting conversation with a young man who turns out to be Jay Gatsby. One afternoon Nick had lunch with Miss. Baker who admits to him that Gatsby is in love with his cousin Daisy. Gatsby's intension was to confess his long lost love to Daisy and win her over like he had done five years before. After Gatsby's reunites with Daisy they decide to proclaim their love to Tom, but obstacles keep them from being together.In this book there are many themes that coincide to make an interesting story that turns out to be a tragedy. Love, greed, money, ambition, jealousy, and betrayal are all human attributes that are subtly sporadic throughout the novel. Gatsby represented money and ambition and determination along with love while the woman he loved represented greed and betrayal. Gatsby did everything in his power to get his love while Daisy was undetermined to what she wanted and whom she truly loved. The love interest between Nick and Miss. Baker ends in a unsettled dispute because of betrayal and jealousy. All the characters in the Great Gatsby are tied to these rudiments in one form or the other.These elements combined gave The Great Gatsby a great ending and made reading it worth while. Although extremely slow paced in the beginning for my taste, I was intrigued by about page 100, it satisfied me by the end. It was a surprising tragic ending that made every boring page before was worth reading. Ever since I started high school I had heard about this book and it's elegant style of the 1920's, I was extremely disappointed when I started reading it because it was nothing what it was hyped up to be. I gave the reading 3 stars because half of the book was extremely boring to me but the other half was extremely well written and thought out. I would recommend this book to any one of my friends if they have the patience to a slow start but a great ending."
"Good fiction should offer some things to think about, but there's no reason the reader should have to force himself. A good writer ought to tell a story that is interesting enough to spark a natural curiosity in the reader over its deeper implications. The Great Gatsby is a good example of this. Fitzgerald subtly interweves social commentary into a solid story, providing entertainment for the casual reader and enough material for the critical reader to keep himself occupied.I only had two problems with this book: First, Fitzgerald's drawn-out, boring writing style, and secondly, the novel's climax, which seemed a little hokey to me. Other than that the Great Gatsby is a very good novel that I would recommend to anyone who has the patience to sit through boring narration (thankfully the story wraps up in less than 200 pages)."
I really enjoyed this book. Its an American classic whose themes are still relevant today.
Great read from start to finish
"Perhaps becaues it was written in a different era, I had difficulty in getting a lot out of it."
This book arrived 2 days after I'd purchased it. It was in mint condition and was significantly cheaper than the same book sold by other sellers. The seller was courteous and polite and answered my annoying questions and I would definitely buy from him again.
"This books its for people who stand 1 ft tall. This is a tiny hardcover and if you go to return it, you have to pay return shipping which means after all the trouble, you get like 3 bucks back!!!  incredibly small book....it should say so in the title!!!!!!"
"I have read a book a week for over fifty years. Despite growing up reading the classics, I had never read The Great Gatsby. Now I know why - instinct. That was the worse book, least interesting characters, least emotion I have ever seen put to print."
"Sorry for all you who loved it.  Definitly left nothing for the imagination.  Slow, easily predictable, and not remantic."
This is a four CD audiobook set.  Two of the discs were scratched and skipped when played. I had to copy the CDs to iTunes using error correcting software so that I could enjoy the story.  Disappointing quality of media!
"This book is a fun read, but an overrated classic that has been pumped up.  Even though there are plenty of ""cliff notes"" for this book, there really is not much below the surface (follow the green light)."
"I thought it was a love story . Not even close, a lot of mumbo jumbo. Waste of time reading this Classic."
Too hard to get started; he is all over the place in the beginning; making not a whole lot of sense.
i received a paperback dollar store copy of the book. this was not what i payed for. do not buy.
"Now I realize that most reviewers loved this book, but I just have to go with my instincts here.  The book was boring.  Plain and simple.  None of the characters was really likeable, there was no great plot to speak of, and overall just dull in tone.  Sure Fitzgerald is an accomplished writer and the novel is descriptively and grammatically great, but it takes more than that to make a classic.  And sadly, this book fell far short.If you're a high school kid getting force fed this crap, you may emerge with a negative view of the book upon completion, which will mostly be greeted (from your teacher) with, ""Well, you just didn't understand it.""  A little inside info for you (from a teacher).  Most educators teaching this are not necesarily doing so because they personally like the book, but because some genius decided Gatsby was a classic and needed to be shoved down the throat of every kid to graduate high school.  But the teachers will pretend they like it and if you didn't enjoy it they'll say you just didn't get it.  Oh no, I got it all right.  I just wish I hadn't.  So don't feel bad if you disliked the book.  There's nothing wrong with you.  And I completely agree.To be fair, the book isn't awful, so I gave it 2 stars.  I guess my biggest beef with it is just how ubiquitous it is in public education.  It seems every single high school kid has to read books like this just because someone said it was a classic.  Meanwhile, ACTUAL classics like the Iliad, Odyssey, Inferno (and even a little exposure to the Bible wouldn't hurt) are left untouched because they're too old or not American.  Gimme a break."
This book was just so bland.  So vanilla.  this book had nothing of any importance to me what so ever.  I had no emotional ties to the characters and the whole thing just made me yawn!
I found this book to be very boring and not very informative.  I had to read it for english and I couldn't get interested in the book.  Not enough to hook the reader in.
"Fitzgerald did not create a masterpiece with this horrifying wonder of modern literature.  In the story his over use of meaningless description and verbosity indicates to the reader that he was trying too hard, and it  would be unrealistic to believe that this is a natural voice.  As an  example of writing style, I would expect it from someone in grade 6, with a  dictionary.  The sentences are basic and blunt, and interspersed with  horrendously redundant words that were probably put there to make the  author look smart, since they were more than 5 letters long of course!.  If  the author was alive, I would suggest he re-write the story without the  blatant attempt at Dickens verbosity and write it in an actual voice that  is readable and consistent."
"Excellent substitute for valium...  The most artificially inflated phenomenon since the 1929 stock market, and likewise this book seems like a worthy instigator of a great depression."
"I don't care if it's considered an expectional piece of literature.  If I have to force myself to read the book and wanting a shower afterwards, it's not worth the effort."
"I really tried to get into this book.  Sorry, I could not get past the shallow, dislikeable people and situations.  Prose and symbolism are nothing if  accompanied by a boring, unreadable plot.  Maybe that is the point, but there are plenty of classic books that have it all: prose, symbolism, good plot, good characterizations, action, social commentary etc.  It seemed like this book was an outline of a novel where the author sketched the main points, threw in some symbolism, then decided not to fill in the outline and create any depth to the story.  Maybe that was the point, but it made the book really lacking.  It does not require a thin, shallow book to portray thin, shallow people or times."
"The Great Gatsby took about a month to ship, barely sliding in under the deadline. When it arrived, there was a tear in the front top of the cover. I was not impressed by both the quality of the product and the speed of the service."
"The book cover shown in the ad and the name of the publisher are both different from what Amazon has for sale. The book actually is the commonly available Schribner edition with the so-called classic cover painted especially for the book. Click the look inside button to see what you are actually ordering. If the Oxford World's Classics edition is what you are looking for, you will be disappointed."
"This book was boring.I hated it. It was poorly structured, the story is unclear and it is not very memorable. Its the type of book in which once you have read a chapter, you immediately forget what had just happened due to how dull and boring it is. When my yr.11 class whined to our teacher over how much we hated this book, she replied with ""This is english advanced..you're not going to read fun,interesting books in english advanced..you're going to read boring, old novels"" i don't recommend this book for people aged 17 and under, as there are better and more interesting books (for this age group)  out there."
"The book was okay, it had a good plot, but could have been shorter.  It was a little bit too political for my taste.  It seemed to take a long time forthings to happen.  The book is very descriptive when it comes to  setting.  Every little detail is described, along with thoughts and  feelings.  I had a hard time keeping my attention focused.  There was a lot  of confusion as to what was going on with who, and where.  Many parts of  the book I had to go back and re-read to get a full understanding of it.  The plot was decent, aimed more towards romantics than others.  At times it  seemed like one big soap.  Overall if you have to read it, it is readable,  if you are interested in life and the times, you'll like it, if your more  into action and adventure, you won't find it here, however it's not a total  waiste of time to read.  The Great Gatsby is a very drematic book, and it  holds a lot of truth.  Many of the things discussed in it reflect on even  todays society."
"The secret is: the author was a drunk.  Had I not been forced to read this book in school, I would never have finished it, and I've read a lot of dull books.  I've read a lot of classics, but this is probably the only one I  think is not worth the effort.  Frankly, I'm still wondering why it's a  classic; there's nothing to it.  So Gatsby's not what he seems, so he gets  shot, so Nick's a homosexual, so what?  Is there anything worthy in this  book?  Anything at all?"
"There is no need to establish that this novel is considered to be one of the finest pieces of American literature of the twentieth century, but why does this work deserve such praise, it's storyline is common, it's prose bore most, it's seems more related to a soap opera magazine than to a novel, but it is loved so dear to many, ... WHY? I recommend that this book is read just so people can say to themselves ""why"""
"Use this book for my ESL english class, but as an story the book is to short and the best is in the middle and too simple for the new generation in this time when there is better books out there. Un libro muy simple y muy corto, la historia no es tan buena pero te deja un poco corto de reading. no es el mejor y para las nuevas generaciones hay muchos libros mejores que este."
"I skipped this in high school, reading it now for the first time at 55 years of age.Despite the rave reviews, this emperor has no clothes. In fact, this book is a model of how NOT to tell a story.The tale itself is excellent; compact and full of surprises and irony. But it is submerged in such a wordy, tedious, self-absorbed monotone that the reader can only appreciate it in retrospect, when they have dragged it out of the muck, shaken it free of detritus and seen its bare form.Prose, be damned. A good story, told for the ear of the reader, that's where prose is.I feel genuinely sorry for every young person forced to read this when there are thousands of better choices."
"The Great Gatsby is a book that I absolutly hated. I could never get in to this book.  It was so slow and I could never pay attention.  Every time I would read it I would fall asleep.  I could never get through 3 pages with out taking a break or already sleeping.  If you were to ask me what it was about I really would not be able to tell you, because it was horrible.It was a bunch of people that were friends and I do not even remember if there was truly a point to this book.  I do not even know what the plot was. I know that there was one but i do not know what it was.  It was not even that long ago that I read the book and I do not even remember what it was about.Actually I do not even think that i finished the book because I just could not bring myself to finish it.Well, if you are looking to buy this book to read for pleasure then I suggest that you pick another and if you have to read this book for a class or something then I am so sorry."
"Bottom Line is THIS: Twentieth Century Masterpiece, NO; 2 days of incrediably wasteful reading i will never get back, YES!!!  Lets just say that I created my own ""Valley of Ashes"", its called a burnt up copy of The Great Gatzby in my dumpster outside my house. Upon finishing the novel found myself contemplating who was driving whose car, who was kissing who, and who shot who.  Then an incredible idea dawned on me:I couldn't give two $#!ts.  The book is a confusing roller coaster ride of creepy behind the scenes love affairs, convoluted past relationships, and the inconsequential and oddly enough santimonious attractions to mysterious green lights,wealth, and a never ending desire for the ultimate twentieth century American ideal: A big house, a big wallet, and a big Rolls Royce in the driveway.  Twenty pages from the end when I discovered that the old windbag Gatzby had been murdered (YES!!! I do take pleasure in ruining the ending to millions of eager readers out there), I closed the book and ended the worhtless drivel once and for all.  All in all, I have to say that I don't take any shame in saying that the only satifaction I got from reading the book was when i found out that Gatzby is dead.  I guess I'll just make up the two days i wasted reading Fitzgerald's book by writing condolence letters to Fitzgeral'd unfortunate relatives.  Anyone who is an ancestor to that worthless excuse of an American novelist should be offered sincere consoling and extreme sympathies."
"i cant believe people buy this book, it is soo boring i dunno how they rate this to be up with the other classic great books of the world... but this is just stupid"
"Bought this book because it was recommended as a great american classic.Once I finished reading it, I threw it into the ""poubelle""."
This book is a waste of time.  My suggestion is to  find a site that has the cliff notes and read that instead!  What a waste of time!  :)  If you're a person that is in American Studies at Shorewood High School.... we feel ya.  :(
"back in high school, after we were finished with the book, my english teacher told us he never understood why this book was so highly regarded. he called it ""stupid."" i had never agreed with a teacher until  that moment."
"As I was reading this book, I was very bored.  I then decided to look online and see what some other people had said about this book.  Some of them were bored, others thought it was amazing.  I think I misunderstood the main point of the book.  Since i found there to be none.  I would not recommend this book to people.I found the author to put to much detail into the things that I thought were unnecessary, and definetly not enough in the aspects that I thought would have been important. And from the beginning of the story I was confused and lost to as what was going on and where he was.  The way we writes just didn't flow in my head.  I could not grasp what he was trying to say and what he was attempting to show me.  When he would talk about one person, I would think he was talking about someone else, and I was completely lost as to who he was or the relavence to the story.  I got the feeling that the narrator was schitzo. or something along those lines, just from the way he seemed to jump around and completely change.  But I am not totally sure on that.I understood that Gatsby was a very important man, he had a large effect on many people around him.  But I could not get over how Fitzgerlad wrote about him.  I had such a hard time figuring out what was what. Gatsby was a very wealthy man. As I go on reading others reviews I am beginning to understand that there are three settings and they are simply there so the reader and be in awe of how Fitzgerald writes.  I was not in awe, I was very bored through the entire book.I am very picky with the books I like to read, they have to hold my attention from the veryt beginning, or else I just set them down and don't pick them up again. Perhaps he has another book that is written differently and i will read that.  You must always give authors a second chance, for they may have just written something different one day and you may like that."
"I would give this so-called ""classic"" zero stars if it was possible.  The language is vulgar and archaic, with words such as ""gay"" and ""excitement"" used completely erroneously. Fitzgerald could not even be bothered to spell gaiety correctly, though I suppose that is as much his editors' and publishers' fault as his own. This book was unpopular when it was written and is unpopular now, so why do we teach it in our schools?  Do we really want our children to emulate ANY of the characters or ""virtues"" conveyed by this book? First, we have the main character, Nick Calloway, who is so spineless and passive that he doesn't speak up even when it would have saved Gatby's life.  Next, we have Tom and Daisy Buchanan who are so out of touch with reality that they can't even realize how pathetic their marriage actually is.  Last, but certainly not least, comes Jay Gatsby, also known as James Gats.  Gatsby is living a seventeen-year-old's dream whichwould be fine, if he were seventeen rather than thirty, but is total folly at his age. Besides these few specific characters, the cast as a whole demonstrates a blatant disregard for laws big and small, from abolition to murder."
"This book has one tone throughout the whole book. There was nothing that stands out, the good thing is, at least the book is short."
I HAVE JUST STARTED READING THIS BOOK AND I DON'T LIKE WHAT I READ SO FAR.IT IS VERY COMPLICATED TO UNDERSTAND AND THERE ARE A LOT OF CHARACTERS.I AM STILL READING THE BOOK SO MAYBE IT WILL GET BETTER.
"They say a book can never get old, and with age they become classics. The Great Gatsby is a prime counterexample of this.In my opinion, a book that is entertaining and exciting needs to stretch the mind. It needs to use great imagination. Imagination makes mystery and murder novels scary and thrilling. Imagination makes a sci-fi interesting. What is there to imagine about The Great Gatsby? There are murders, but not very unique ones. If I wanted to read a good murder mystery, I would go to Thomas Harris. As for the love story The Great Gastby is placed around, I see this as the only conflict in the book. Every event in the entire book was based on this unrealistic relationship between Daisy, Tom, and Jay.To conclude, I would expect this story in a 1920's newspaper rather than being a mass produced as a ""classic"" novel. The only use I have for this book is a sleeping-pill substitute."
"I hated this book with a passion. I am a sophmore in high school and was made to read this book for class and I despised every minute of it. Maybe it's a book for an older crowd, I don't know, but it was a complete waste of my time. The love story was predictable and the characters were obnoxious. I like books when I can fall in love with at least one character. That was not the case with this book. My advice- don't waste your money."
Boring! Boring! Boring! Boring! Boring! Boring! Boring! Boring! Boring! Boring! Boring! Boring! Boring! Boring! Boring! Boring! Boring! Boring! Boring! Boring! Boring! Boring! Boring! Boring! Boring! Boring! Boring!  Boring! Boring! Boring! Boring! Boring! Boring! Boring! Boring! Boring!
"Okay.  There's a program at my high school in the English department, called ""Accelerated Reader"".  You are assigned a book off of a list, and you are to read it, then take a test about it on the computer.  The program is quite helpful (I think), but when I was assigned The Great  Gatsby, I was struggling to get through it!  There were maybe one or two  parts (for me) that made me want to keep reading.  The rest I had to jam  down my throat.  It is well-written, therefore I give it at least one star.  But it was so ""boring"", that I failed my test on the computer!  I've aced every other one that I've taken, so I know it can't just be me.  No one I know has passed that test either, because it was ""just too  boring""for them, also."
"Tom Buchanan is the super-rich, unforgivingly prejudiced symbol of white manly strength and perfection.  He can't stand the thought of mixed relationships, ""next thing they'll have intermarriage between blacks and whites"" (p.137).  Oddly enough Fitzgerald gives Tom that line to describe the significance of the suspected extra marital affair between his wife Daisy and Gatsby.  Was he inferring that becuz Gatsby was not a European white (Tom refers to himself and his crowd as Nordics) he was doomed to fall?Tom's a avid reader of white power literature alluding to the authors as ""scientists"".  He warns everyone that 'coloured' races will take over if left unchecked.  Airheaded Daisy (the rich and of course white object of Gatsby's affection) agrees, remarking admiringly, ""Tom's..very profound"".Tom also chooses the underdog to conduct an illicit affair--his mechanic's wife, Myrtle.  Of course Tom goes unpunished for his adulterous behaviour while Myrtle is killed in a hit and run, courtesy of Daisy, who also gets off unscathed.  Gatsby takes the fall for her.James Gatz is of course a Jewish name, which Gatsby changed in his late teens showing his own shame for his ethnicity.  Of course the shifty Jewish criminal, Mr. Wolfsheim has a poor command of the English language.  Nick, the narrator mocks his versions of ""Oggsford"" for Oxford and ""goneggtion"" for connection.At the end the poorest people are wiped out, the mechanic and his cheating wife (for whom Tom sheds a hypocritical crocodile tear).  Narrator Nick refers to the mechanic's death as ""the holocaust"".Can't say I enjoyed this novel, Gatsby fell in foolish love with a high-maintenance, forbidden woman because she was white, full of money and the fineries that went with it.  It wasn't a pure love story.  In the end Gatsby paid with his life while Tom and Daisy (who I'll call a spineless murderess for not admitting to anyone her responsibility in the manslaughter of Myrtle) continue their high lifestyle scot-free.Was Fitzgerald trying to say the underclass doesn't have or deserve a chance in hell?"
"Hey everyone! Lookit me!  I'm a rich little snot and I can throw a big party in my mansion!  What's ""great"" about this Gabsty fellow exactly?  Write something about people who work for a living, not this junk.I didn't like this one little bit, sorry.  Try again.  Only one star for your book, sir!"
